[Music] well hello there, and thanks for joining us today on the HD broadcast live. Today's episode is sponsored by candid. Should I keep up with it now you know because Dan even getting a note from Dan. Today's video is sponsored by candid, four hams, quip and 23andme. Now today we have with us bill words musician, video producer youtuber. What else are I mean artists most, certainly, how else is there any classification I missed no person person. Let's not forget that species species, yes animal yeah. How are you dude great great great having you oh geez? Thank you. So thank you for having me thanks for crank here. How was the house it here in LA? It's it rained yeah. It is typical, I suppose, I think it's kind of funny, because it never ever rains in LA and your logo is the umbrella yeah. Here you come to Los Angeles you brought and we brought the ring with you, which in LA is a miracle. I would say yeah, so you are a miraculous young man. Well, that's very that's very nice of you happens. Oh tell me about I want to know about. Okay, well that your first hit your first big hit. Okay yeah was that depends how you wear your where you're looking well in your timeline of working. What were your first you're more like know? What's going on bill words? Well, it's all relative, but here's the thing it was like nobody, nobody, nothing until the gonna mail. You my floor got about 200 likes very quickly on vine, which 200 compared to 0 is like what's happening right yeah. So, but after that it was um school on fine I don't want to go to school. It was shaving my piano, and then it was bench and then I don't know. Do you know how people first found? Yes, you on vine. Well, yeah yeah I can tell you the first, the first person, the first person who did it was a guy named Jack duros, dart player his he had a vine called back back pain or pain back or something like that, but yeah he was. He was a big fan and he just sort of he just sort of you know gave me a thing. You know to read the thing. That's amazing that he just found you in the nether no well. He found me on Twitter, so yeah yeah no, but that was good. That was good and then and then more people did it yeah, and it was all from that first 200 likes kind of like a steady client, yeah I was kind of like yeah I I'd like to think that it was inevitable because your style is so unique and everything about like your editing and your music, you have such a refined, specific style so unique to you. I think it was inevitable destiny in the put model I was metal, that's I mean that's. That was the strategy. I was doing it for a long long time, just like I, don't care. How long were you doing it before anybody noticed well. I started the five day schedule in early 2014, which was basically where I just snapped, because before that it was like I wanted to do a million things and thought I could do anything but didn't know how to put it together, but mmm. Finally, somewhere along the line, I just snapped and I just said: okay we're doing five days a week video every day you said, I'm, just gonna grind, I, don't know what I don't know how to figure out how to put all this stuff. In my mind, right so I'm, just gonna force myself to work, work, work, work, work, yeah and unfortunately they have to be very short. If you do one every single day. So why did you decide to think? What did you think the vine was the right medium? Well, that wasn't until I didn't even know about fine, yet I was doing it on the website. Actually, just the website for the first month alerts, calm, yeah and then someone told me a friend said: oh you're, making videos. Why don't you put them on YouTube and I said I like I like it when it's when you get the file and you can just watch the file like I, don't really like streaming. Actually cuz I like to be able to pause it and horse it around and really see what you're dealing with so so yeah I didn't really like YouTube, but but he was like what you know you got to be on YouTube, so, okay, so I did you do good so which is pretty cool but I. Don't know it's yeah, but you had your your break on mine. That was probably yeah. It was where things started and you put your posting simultaneously to YouTube invited. Yes, the trick was I'd already gone down to two week on YouTube and then I discovered, vine and I was like. That would be would be great because it you can't go longer, so no one could be mad, you know so and they loop so the best way to watch short videos anyways to see him over and over again I figured so I put them there, I started putting them all there in order and I had to do a little bit of editing to square if I them and in some cases edit them down to to the six from, in some cases 20 seconds down to 16. It was kind of fun, but yeah I put him there and I wasn't even gonna touch him and then and I was doing Twitter too so I had decent following on Twitter, oh yeah, someone found me like I said it was. It was someone found me there and then, and then yeah, and so do you think that that, as so, for this amount of time, you're grinding on vine doing a video 5 times a week? Do you feel like that was like a really important, creative yeah I'm in your life yeah? Well, unfortunately, I was desperate to stop as soon as as soon as it got going on vine, because I already had like at that point. I was doing two a week on YouTube and then as soon as I discovered, the vine started to do its thing. I was like okay. Well, I got all these on hand. Cuz I wasn't done uploading them all. So then I said okay, I'm just gonna well hold on. You had a backlog, yes, because I had because it was like a year after year and a half after I'd started doing them. Five days a week, mmm thought I started on vine, so you were grunt yeah. So so you were grinding and grinding in private and you had this incredible backlog of content. They wasn't private. It was on YouTube, okay, and it was on the website. Okay, but I hadn't reached a month audience. Yes, so you were like man. I've got like a whole library right of content yeah and you were getting followers before you even were forced to make new stuff on vine, but you were editing it down right, so I was yeah, so I figured I had these on hand, so I would edit them and release him on a day. So it was easy enough. Cuz I was doing two new ones and seven days a week, I just figured since I have them I'll do 7 p.m. every single, that's so, and then I was like okay. According to my calculations, in two months, Ananta and I'm gonna have to make a decision. I'm gonna have to either put the vine thing down to two a week, mm-hmm or accelerate everything to seven a week, which was even more than I was doing before, and this was after I was so sick of doing short videos, I could just cry and I was already thinking about doing much. Much bigger things. I was thinking about history at that point mm-hmm, but but now I'm stuck doing seven, seven short videos a week and how important was it for you to have a schedule and to really stick to it? Oh it's it's life or death. Really because because, if you don't you'll drown because you can do it's infinite, you could spend infinite time doing something so wait. You're, saying the schedule helps you escape the work or focus on the work. It helps you. It helps the thing get done right, yeah, because uh, because when we started, we also for some reason had this idea that we got to post a video a week and we were so strict on that and I don't even know where he came from. We just had this. You mean back yeah I think it was just a personal thing. It was like it's. What kept me motivate? You said you can focus forever on something you at a certain point, got a cut. There's so many reasons why I love the speed and the schedule. So many reasons it's life or death. I mean this. Well, that's not true, because some of them were done without a schedule and they need it to be, but when I'm off schedule, I get obsessed with schedules and I start watching behind the scenes. Seinfeld documentaries, one six days to air- that's just incredibly I even get addicted to like how stressed out they get I'm. Just like you know not that that's good you romanticize them yeah I I. What well yeah I mean I, am whenever I'm not on a schedule. I I get so obsessed with being on a schedule yeah because it goes on forever. You can't you know especially I mean if you're perfectionist I mean I'm kind of a raging perfectionist. So you know: there's there yeah it'll go on forever. What was that? Quite you said: you're a perfectionist and that's mark to me. Yeah I meant that Ellis know that she thought was wonderful and I was like. It was like strep question, because we have a question thread that we put on our subreddit. Okay. Well to so many questions for you, and there was a question there. That was my favorite and it was. How did you kill perfect? Well, yeah, you can use a steamroller or bulldozer. It becomes incredibly important to do that when you have it as badly as I. Do you from you're never gonna get anywhere unless you have a serious strategy for steamrolling right, / perfection, so you so you start to do. There's one at it called Monday a good fire truck, which is like that's probably I, think hit the mark the best in terms of flattening perfectionism, just like just just mash it, and that that satisfies you. When you smash your perfection is yeah. If it means you can get something done instead of not yeah yeah and after you create a work, do you look back and see like? Oh I could have done this different. That's ever that's in the past and it's time to move forward, no yeah, interesting and so scary. The schedule defeats the perfectionism. When you hit your schedule, that's it well, it doesn't defeat the perfectionism, but it it's like a too long yeah. You know you get beat up, you get there and you get stronger. Oh my god. The thing I mean it's being to which the vine thing when I ran out of vines had to do them fast and then I was doing started, doing a history of Japan and so I flipped. My schedule around and I started doing history first in the earlier in the day, and then just wait until the last two hours to do to do the vine. It was crazy. I had some crazy times and I was you know, I learned, so many new tricks and techniques that I never would have learned if I didn't have to. You know crunch down yeah, because you're most productive in the morning start like your strongest hours, because you said you did that history in the morning and know the reason for that I was trying to get ahead of the schedule with with the vines, but that never works, because the deadline is not there. So I would spend six hours doing one, even though I thought I was going as fast I can, but I wasn't so I just said. Okay, look I need to get this history thing happening, prioritize that do as much. You can first and then about four o'clock or something just run for it and see what you can get I'm fine yeah, how many hours a day. Do you work it sound? You are incredibly productive. You're incredibly focused on your work. I can tell by the volume and just and your website and your work has so much detail and I mean how much do you do and as much as possible how many hours and is possible, but the problem is I know what you're gonna say: you're gonna say you, gotta take breaks and I was going to say that, but the problem is and it's one. The problem is that when you work too much yeah and then it starts all of a sudden, you can't get out of bed in the morning or if you have relationships or other things you want to do. Then you are yeah. But if you like what you do and that's what gets you out of the bed then work as much as you got, am well pleased, yeah, well, I think I naturally tend to take a break, even though I want to admit it. Like. Sometimes, even if it's time crunch crazy time crunch, sometimes I'll just go face down into bed just for 20 minutes, just cuz I can't even just you know, boom face it down, but but I can't but yeah I mean I, know it's like ya good to take breaks, but how long should the breaks be? And how often should the breaks be you never? What do you do? Well, I, don't admit it. I, never admit you walking a break. That's the problem. I had that problem. You know what my problem is that I'll spend all day working or I'll spend all day being busy, but then, when I look back over the day, I never took a break necessarily like where I'm like, oh municipal it for my work, but somehow I was less productive than I thought. I wasn't working the whole day, I, don't know when I took breaks, yeah I, don't know, I, don't know, I, don't have a strategy for that really but huh. But when the, when things take way too long as it is, and- and you know you there's no time to lose- you know mm so yeah I gotta make sure. Do you have hobbies outside of uh? You know man, music, luckily, I've been able to sort of incorporate most of them I'm trying to incorporate all of them into you know, like anagrams I mean I used to just I, can't believe you so bill for context on his website. Bill words calm. Is that slash anagrams? No, yes, people submit sentences for you to anagram, yeah and you'll, unscramble it and make a new phrase. Yeah is that and some of them are really incredible. Maybe you compose some examples up down that we can read off rope, Oh God. Some of them are really appropriate for mm-hmm, oh well, dad I saw the family watching, but they'll have to endure for some reason. It's it's very tempting to make them dance. Sent me something here. Look! Oh thank you for your recent purchase was the submission and bill turned it into try our corn cake, funhouse therapy and then another one. The joy of painting fight to enjoy pain. Now what that is incredible? That in your mind, you can anagram. No, it's not it's not in my mind. You know you can use computers now. Oh, so you use like a website. No, but a computer. I know people are gonna, say: oh you use computers, but a computer won't give you that look at a long run. Go get a really long help me out here, but so what's your technique, then how do you hello, Jesus, I, don't know if I can you know, but you just gotta? Okay, let's see, let's see well, if you have these in there, you need to find out where the V is gonna go because otherwise it'll turn up left over. If you have, you know, you've got to take care of the you gotta take care of that, and then you just try some stuff and then also you know it's good, it's good if it relates to the thing, especially if it's a longer thing. So if you know try to try to think of what words you're gonna need to relate and just take care of, that long ones are fun, because you can start out saying anything you want, because the letters are gonna be there and then you get down at the end like. Oh now, I have like a surplus of ends and L start over and try to work some more into Nell's. And what is it about anagrams that fascinates you that of yours, yeah I, started. I went to my friend's house at one point a long time ago and he was rearranging Scrabble tiles he's doing people's names and I was just for some reason. So I just went home and started doing it and I've been doing it. You know ever since well, I tend to do like the things that are in my life like if I would get a job. I would do the name of the job, or do you know and I, just it's something. I've done throwing time and finally, I was able to integrate it into the I. Definitely noticed in your videos and your lyrics are very much kind of script. You know mixing up words and a lot of wordplay. Do you when you plan your videos, do you plan out like how meticulously do you plan out and how much is it? I know: you've like remix, jazz and you're kind of a fan of jet or or you have music, where you remix and jazz right. Oh I, there's a lot of like Coltrane and stuff yeah yeah yeah, it's just like jam jam. It's like it's like when it's like the way I mean jazz. In that sense, it's like when a bunch of guys get together and read standards like out of the real book. So what happens to be except it's just me. So what I mean is how much of is improvised, cuz it's? It seems somewhat random, but very controlled. So when you're making a video, do you make up anything as you go or do you MIT or is it completely planned out and then you actually, the visual would be kind of as I go along mm, but in terms of what, in terms of the audio in terms of the words melodies, the exact chords and the timing of all the anything that's spoken or sung, and the exact chords and the exact timing is all written before that's written, everything else is just usually implied from there and then I just fill in the space and the underscoring. Sorry, sorry that the underscoring music, so the extra little instrumental stuff that goes in between when I'm speaking, that's all done after that make sense sort of support. What's there, and so you you do the music first, it sounds like V and build around nah, not that music, but the debate, anything that's sung or spoken. Mmm I do that. First, the underscoring music is done after interesting. We've got a long one here back to the anagrams here. Where does this start? Okay, supersonic game mega percussion? Where does this start cringe? Poems USA? It's not long, it's not long [Music], not that one I had oh I, see if anyone's just wondering the answer to that is group is gruesome, panics use more spacing. This is gape, ism, you're gone, you have choices, I do so here we go. Here's a long one I hope doing these anagrams provide you with an intellectual challenge. That's the submission, and here's Bill's answer guide me now, as I get lunch, pray to religions and escape the hot lava inhale. That's it that's incredible that you untangle that yeah I think once you start once you start doing them, you'll see it matter. Well, no, it's not you'll. Just you just start to find stuff. You do. If you have a high standard. You know you just have to just look and once you start to get ones that are like that good then you starts it like really get excited. Is there anything interesting and the fact that, like this there's a whole sentence with the alternative, meaning in that original one? Is there something that fascinates you about just which one like you're writing a whole new thought? Just from this original one? Yeah I wonder if that's a thread somehow throughout your work, I, don't know mm-hmm, let's anagram, that so history of Japan, when that came out. That was an incredible incredible explosion. Yeah, so popular yeah I mean right now, I think it has 43 million views, but but that's now I mean I. Think it had something like just in the first week had like over 10 million views or something or even more. Maybe it was yeah, probably about 10, maybe after a couple weeks. So surely you were just blown away by yeah right yeah, because I was so tired of being stuck on vine stuck under seven seconds, like I said I was like desperate to I was like if only I could do this like. So in a way was a react, because this was a really epic undertaking, and this was a reaction to being like I hate, doing the small stuff I wanna do a huge I didn't hate it I loved it and when I would sit down to write a bunch of new ones. I got really excited every time, but I I really wanted to do you want something? So tell me: how long did it take you to create that it is 14 weeks wow, that's incredible! Do not people spend one day yeah, but it paid off and your camera. It shows 14 weeks. My god tell me. How did you you don't want to know how long history the world took? Well, we do. How did you decide on Japan? Are you a? Are you a fan of Japanese culture in any way? Well, yeah, but I I'm, not an expert really I mean I was during for temporarily. I did I wrote one for the United States much earlier, because I wanted to do that. You have the script for us, it never never got finished but and it was going really well, but it kind of you know I'd never done this before so I didn't really know. I was kind of falling apart, because I knew too much about certain things and so yeah that didn't happen. But then so when I came around to try it again, I said I got to pick something that I don't really know about interest so that I can just learn about it from beginning to end and then just spit it out. So it won't be. You know just as a challenge, because if I can do that for and I can do anything, so that's that was the idea, there's almost a nice quality to I. Think in there in the output. When you don't know anything like you said, you know so much about USA. It kind of models. Oh yeah I, know too much about some aspects: yeah yeah, and what is your research procedure like because you know so much about so many things like all these little details, it seems so well researched and you've got timelines and characters. How do you? How do you lay that out? I don't entirely remember actually I mean I. Did it very fast I mean like it took a long time to make the video, but I was scrambling so how much time on research alone it I can tell you that research and writing was kind of together, because I would just learn a bunch of stuff and then write just write, I think that was about a week. I have the timeline. Oh I've posted the timeline somewhere, so yeah. Something like that! Writing and research is about a week and are you read you're, always I'm wondering? Do you find people like nitpicking your facts? Of course mm-hmm? Does that bother you or you just like and whatever oh yeah? No, yes and no I don't know yes, I did the best. I could yeah yeah, of course, yeah, and it is entertaining actually I'm surprised at how few people do that? Okay, so that's it yeah! Well, you're! You know, down of views, I mean I was really careful. I mean I'm obsessed with, like geographical accuracy, like I, saw the Japan video that I was watching like to learn stuff and they had Kyoto really in the wrong place. It was a cartoon drawing I was, like that's I, don't know I'm just I'm kind of obsessed with that. Well, it showed it's when I watch that you're like this is a guy. That knows what he's talking yeah it kind of has that vibe so, but when you present yourself in that way, there's always people who are looking to like find one thing to nitpick. You know I probably spend too long on those things where I put the stars on on the cities. You know I, remember one I remember. Actually there was a early I haven't seen that since it came out by the way, but I think there's an early point where I'm showing where all the old like clans are or the old they you haven't watched. The video have not seen it since it came out why? What? What flashbacks of what just thought? Yeah I, don't know: I, don't watch videos after I make never not I try no exception. Unless someone would like forces me to, but what I was gonna say is uh yeah I probably spend too long on those ones with the Stars. Now, when you say that you're, like you're kind of like that one was the millimeter like that, wasn't that one was difficult, cuz, it's like ancient clans and stuff like that or ancient you know, ancient locations like one is called high, H I. How do you, google, that yeah, it took a long time yeah and there was one for history: the world where I show like a million cities and I spent a long time getting the exact coordinates all for like half a second on screen. So I don't know what's wrong with me. Well, you know whatever and I think something's great yeah, yeah I think we've got it all backwards. I find it interesting that you don't watch that video back I love it so much that video is amazing. It's it's amazing. It's got to feel good. How I'm almost prolific that video was how it kind of reverberate it through a culture. It wasn't just YouTube, it was on reddit. It was online. It was everywhere, as on television, I mean there were everybody. Did you see it on regular television? I must have I, don't I must have I. Think people the way I remember is people were watching it. I remember black Joe Rogan was watching it and talking about it. It just was so prolific and its influence I mean that's this mark of this insane quality that you brought to it that nobody, really none of your contemporaries, are really doing and I see. You smiling there. That's too kind, that's too kind. Well, I think it's amazing, I, think you're, incredible I think you're a gift. I love that part by the way when the new Oh Dan just found it on CNN bill. Is it on CNN? You want that's on there, one other YouTube check it out. Oh yeah must've cover it at some point. No words on television, baby, I love this moment my favorite moment with the hiroshima. He does this for those of you who haven't seen and I mean most I'm sure all of you have history of Japan when the u.s. drops the bomb on Japan and the video is very manic. It's super fast paced, it's very dense and then all the sudden, the bomb drops and then it's just like yeah and another one, and it just gets quiet for a long time because of the manic nature of the video. It makes that moment so powerful yeah, that's been a long time. Getting that sound, hmm layering, you know the windy sound and the huge bass sound and just really feel yeah. It's like what explosions a lot of layers in that it's like a drum and then it's pitch pitch way down now. Was there you, you nailed that so beautifully? Did you read? Was there something in your research like that informed that when you were just you felt the gravity of that I know that, obviously you know, obviously it's heavy but like yeah I feel like there was a real expression there, a real empathy there from what I heard they dropped a bomb and destroyed a couple of like entire cities. So that's that's a big deal. That's a big yeah yeah! That is a big deal. Well, I love that mm-hmm and you you touched on it again in history of the world, a really beautiful way to what was it. Oh I did a game yeah, it was a yeah. The game show thing it's fun, because I got to hit the same. It's kind of like Back to the Future to hit some of the same things, but do it a little bit differently, yeah yeah, actually the most fun part was doing the viewing like the video game, soundtrack music. For that, for that section you play video games anymore. No tie game I play now is the one where game where I make videos yeah I? Guess if more people thought about life as a video game, there might be more [Music]. That's a shower thought. Well we're on our first break when we come back, I have I want to talk about so much more. The incredible bill words, I read: I want to apologize, I'm, terrible at doing interviews, I'm, sorry, no I, so - I mean this is I, don't get our first interview, Oh God yeah of this sort, yeah! Well! Yes, let me say that trusting us with that experience of you come in here means a lot to me. I appreciate that I think you're doing great and I'm fascinated by everything you're saying so, let's go to a quick break. We will be back after this with Bill warts, don't go away. Here's a product that I wish I had when I was a kid candid. Okay, they make these incredible, invisible braces that you order out. They measure your teeth. They send it to you at home. They go on, they look clear, you can't even tell you're wearing braces and it fixes your frickin teeth. I was walking around metal in my mouth, I think it ruined your life. This is so much better. This is the future candid. Have you ever had a problem with your teeth that you've always wanted to fix. I've got an option that can help you. You won't need to go through the hassle or long-term treatment of wired, braces, aka, life-ruining torture, and you can do it all from the comfort of your own home. It's a new company called candidate by the way you can pop them out and into like when you're eating huh I mean this is so much better. Candy makes clear, aligners that are sent directly to your home and are customized specifically for you to straighten your teeth by the way. This is what they look like. They don't know. If you show on the screen, the aligners fix crooked teeth, crowding, protrusion and gaps. The first step is to purchase their modeling kit, which will be sent to your home, so you can take impressions of your teeth and, after you send back your impressions with some photos of your teeth. Candids networks of orthodontists review your specific case and provide you with the 3d preview of what your treatment will look like we're. Having a real orthodontist is the main reason: you're gonna love, candid, because other companies use dental professionals, whatever the heck. That means am I right. They wrote that I, don't know after you receive your 3d preview. It's completely up to you. If you want to move forward with your clear, aligning treatment plan or not, and you can always talk to a real person at any time, if you have any questions, they have a great customer support white-glove. They said whatever. That means white gloves their customer support. Wears white gloves guys if that's good for you or not I, don't know I prefer without gloves personally and here's the best part candidates. Treatment. Time is an average of six months. I think I had mine for like two years, I had mine for six months. Oh well, you know you're really good six months and will literally save you. Thousands compared to the other guy I did have mine for like two years so you're one step away from getting straight in whiter, teeth, I! Think one did they white I? Guess they waiting them. - I, don't know that. Take advantage of candidates risk free, modeling kit guarantee, plus, when you use my dedicated link, candid koat.com, slash, h3 you'll, save 25% on the modeling kit, that's candid koat.com, slash h3 to get 25% off the price of your modeling kit, candid koat.com, slash! H3! Listen up! Your bald-headed goofs, alright, this one's for you if your hair is falling out if you're in the shower. You see that, like cycle, your hair going down the drain, listen 66% of men lose their hair by age 35. The thing is when you start noticing your hair's going it's already too late. It's a way easier to keep the hair the beautiful hair that you've got on your head than it is to replace the hair that you've already lost. Okay, I know that hairline is slowly moving backwards. Like the like the setting tide like a low tide that never comes back in, you got some bald spots. How do you feel year from now when it's busy when it's business as usual up there I ask you, let's get rid of those bald spots. Let's do something about it. Let's get that at that receding. Uh ocean line to come back in the tide comes back in that's right. Yeah, let's get a tsunami on your head for hips, calm, a one-stop shop for hair loss, skincare and sexual wellness for men thanks to science, thanks to science, baldness is optional. Hymns connect you with real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat your hair loss. We got well known generic generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions to help you keep your hair. Okay, guys. This is prescription solutions backed by science. There's no waiting room, no awkward, in-person doctor visits you can save hours by going to four hems calm and you're gonna. Keep that beautiful, luscious head of hair and be the God that you are answer. A few quick questions. Doctors will review and prescribes you the products that you need directly to your door. So listen up order right now. My listeners, you get a trial of a month, trial, hems for just five freaking dollars today, right now or all supplies last so see the website for full details. This will cost you hundreds of dollars and so much time. If you went to a doctor pharmacy so go to forums, comm /h 3, that's fo, r, hims com, /h 3 for team Cobb slush. When you think of the perfect gift, you probably don't think of an electric toothbrush, but guess what you should, because quip is one of the most gift gotted gifts of the season, and this is why ok they've got a sonic vibration, gentle enough on your sensitive gums and built-in timer, with guiding pulses to remind you when to switch size to make sure you get that thorough toothbrush that you need. Quip is the gift that keeps refreshing brush. Heads automatically are delivered on a dentist recommended schedule every three months just for 5 dollars, and you can even get a gift prepaid refill for a year to make sure that they never get old, worn out or ineffective. Bristles quip is one of the first electric toothbrush accepted by the Dental Association and as thousands of five-star rated reviews. I love quip, because it's just it's so convenient it's so tight I get the quality of a much more expensive electric toothbrush. You know, dentists, say: electric is the best way to brush boom boom. It tells you exactly what you need and your mouth is going to. Thank you for it. Just try this sweet little baby. That's why I love quit looks like it's a big tip, big ticket tech gift, but it starts at just $25, so go to get quip, comm /hc right now and get your first refill pack for free with a quick, Alan, quick electric toothbrush, but you don't have to tell your giftee that that's your first refill pack free at GE, tqu, IP, comm, / h3, now through -. Ah now, through December 25th, now through December 25th, the Tulalip now through December 25th, the 23andme DNA kits, are on sale. 23 me helps you understand what your DNA can tell you about you and your family's story. It's named for the 23 pairs of chromosomes that make up our DNA 23 ma. Dna kit is the perfect gift for anyone. You love and there's never been a better way to give the gift of genetic discovery to your parents, siblings, aunts or grandparents, and everyone else on your list. It's the one gift that you can buy the entire family and it will be unique for every loved one. You got the 23andme health and ancestry service, which includes -, 90, plus personalized genetic reports that offer DNA insights on what makes you unique it's easy to do. All you do is spit in a tube which is the fun and sexy as part of your day and 23andme kit registers. Your sample to your personal 23 me account in a few weeks. You receive your personalized online report. Here are some of the things that you can discover just a couple from analyzing your DNA. Do you like the taste of cilantro I've heard people say that it tastes so P which I found was blew me away. Cuz I love, cilantro, Mexican, food yeah. Apparently, that's genetic! You can find out if you have an aversion to cilantro how about this, your ability to match musical pitches genetical, you can see in their DNA how about this one misophonia. They say that right. Everyone hates noises like nails on a chalkboard, but for some people the reaction can incite rage or panic. Let's christen something mosquito bites. How frequently do you get bit by mosquitoes this always and so much more? You can find out from this report just from spitting out a little tube and sending it off in the mail. Now due December 25th get 30% off any 23andme kit order, your DNA kit at 23andme, comm, /h Lee, that's the number 203 a and D me.com slash h3 again 23 me comm / h3, welcome back everybody here with Bill warts I want to ask you about history of the world, I guess! But before that, I am curious to ask you about. You. Have this very unique, aesthetic style and me as a video editor myself, I am captivated by your editing style. It's incredible how'd it. Where did you? How did you develop that style? I, don't know I I'm, just trying to get a you know, be reasonable, really I mean I'm just trying to do it. Do what needs to be done? You know get the job done and unfortunately it's like the only way. I can do it really and some people say everything looks too much the same, which is I, don't know how I'm gonna avoid that, because you know what. How is that the only way you can get it done because it seems like there's a lot of effort that goes into the visual quality like you've got this kind of neon psychedelic yeah and it's like multi-layer? Well, you know the art you'd write, you do all the art and the videos or a lot of most people's clipart right right right, which is kind of yeah. Well, I got a graphics thing when doing history of the world, because I wrote all this stuff about space and stars and then you're gonna have like what are you gonna do so I got a kind of graphics tablet. So that's how cool I can draw yeah, that's helpful too bad I. Can't really, you know I feel long way to go there. But you know it's great I mean that's great, it's very specific style, but do you what? What do you add it and can I ask that just says: I'm a curious, editor myself! Well, I'll give you a hint it's I'm, screwed and a lot of a lot of people are in work. I, don't know if anyone's stayed screwed for this long. If yeah, there was a popular program that was industry, standard I know they made another one with the same name, but it's a different program so and I'm sure it's fine. Most people hated it x10. Whatever most people hated it when it came out, then they badmouth it I trust that it's gonna be okay, cuz. The other option is the one that you have to pay every month. Yeah I can't do that, so so. Yeah I trust that it's gonna be okay, I'm going to switch, but there's never a good time to relearn everything. I know every week, I learn a new thing on the thing that I'm using and I've had I mean. If you want to know what it looked like, go back to the first Monday video on the five day schedule I think it was about a pelican or something and it's nothing. It's like text and nothing. Well. The truth is I mean you are using what was considered history standard, it's not even that it is the light light version of them. It's missing, I, don't know what but I've never seen it so I, don't know what I mean you got: eight yeah, the truth is uh I'm, looking forward to switching but I, just I know cuz, like we added and I feel like with every upgrade they've actually added some stuff there. So sometimes they'll just break the software. Yes, and that right, how was it treat some stuff? Are saving us so much time? What's the new mask and what, if you know anything about final cut, 10, yeah I know I used to final cut, but not 10. So that's the new one. You have to pay for there's other one. That you're using X is the one that X is what replaced so, which is what you're talking about. I've literally only met one person ever that, like Dex, everybody else well see. I've heard the same rumors but I have found at least two or three people. That say: yes, it's fine, don't worry it's getting better, it's getting better, they say they're, adding back all the things and it's like the one I have is not even the one that you think I have it's worse than so you can do you can do it on anything, it's not a zero in time with it, and that's one of the reasons. I don't like to go around saying what program I use. I know people are just eager to buy a thing and I think they're gonna get a bill, you know, that's a that's a good and they won't get that yeah and that's true of kind of any art craft. If you have like a sick, guitar, yeah or an amazing computer or whatever is the tool that you use, you have to master yeah your craft and here's. Another thing helps: if you get really crazy software before you know how to use it, it will, it will ruin you and it I mean I've been I've been there. You know I've done that and, and you get frozen for four years, you just don't even touch the thing, because you don't know what to do so intimidating and yeah, not intuitive those. These programs are not intuitive at all. Well, they might be, but it takes time to learn. It's like yeah, yeah, interesting I. Think that's good! That's a good advice for people who are trying to learn things just get in there and do that. First then worry about the tools and you just gotta I, just you gotta use simpler tools. I mean you gotta just use what you have use what's available and you know you'll go really far and then by the time you're ready to you know, then one by one step by step. You can get yeah, but the so did you develop this visual aesthetic with like the tidal fonts that you use and all that is that something that you just started with or yeah I'd? Is that something you developed or I'm just trying to get by yeah yeah? It does develop over time. If you want to see what it was I mean, you know, go back to Monday, pelican or whatever the heck that was yeah, nothing and then gradually just a little bit more and then, when I started, doing vines every day and really fast, it kind of accelerated I mean I, started learning all kinds of that's cool. So let me ask you still learning stuff I mean now I'm on a really tight schedule and I'm learning more and more and more all the good I'm learning so much about editing. I was I did what you said not to do, and it was to my detriment, because ice learned how to edit on premiere, which is like the industry standard on PCs, and you when you don't know what you're doing and you don't know the right tools, it's you're, so freaking slow and it's taken so long to catch up like I was working with an editor. We had hired just a couple months ago. Alex we get great kid I, don't I call him a kid. That's like he's a sweetheart he's a great kid and he taught me like a couple of little key shortcuts that like changed, my life like it's literally, saves me hands of hours. I. Have this crazy thing, I mean there's a lot of in the thing. I use, there's a lot of things that don't don't have shortcuts. So it drives me crazy, but there's a trick. I use on a Mac. If you command question mark, it opens up the help menu and then you can type the first two or three letters of what you need. So it's like eight strokes, but I do it anyway. Oh you got a shortcut for the shortcut yeah like I mean I. Have all this like I said: that's why I'm going to be so screwed if I have to switch cuz, it's like I, keep finding new little tricks and inventing like new tricks, and you when you edit, are you on the laptop or a computer, and you use a mouse. Oh, my god, you know, I had one of those nice I had one of those nice trackpads on the side yeah, but the the batteries like leaked and it got the door that the battery door got stuck that aint usual I could not get it open. It was like I mean I couldn't get, I cannot edit on a laptop. You know, I met a man without a mouse, I mean the thought of that is unbelievable and it's a testament to your genius and dedication. But I will say if I were genius, I'd probably get something better. But again the problem is we're all screwed, because if you go to a system higher than whatever the one High Sierra was the one where it officially stopped working. So what the program doesn't work anymore, I know you're limited, but I'm gonna well, I'll say this. You run I knew a kid. You may not know anything I'm talking about, but it reminds me of this for all of you who have ever played World of Warcraft or a serious video game. Do you play video games world Warcraft? Do you know about any of those stuff? I don't have time to do anything except make. Okay, unfortunately, was a very intense video game. That's played with a mouse and a keyboard and I have a friend who clocked thousands of hours was in the highest level of raiding of collaborating with 40-plus people, high level raids and I played with him a lot. I was good friends with him, and one day I went to his house, and I saw this kid on a laptop without a mouse and I didn't know, it was possible. I was absolutely blown away. He was playing a high level game with a trackpad on a keyboard. Blew me away and I thought this man is a he's incredible and I. Haven't this I? Have this admiration for you to edit without a mouse is truly a feat. It's probably not smart. It's probably not smart. So the desk that I, anyone who supports me on patreon is gonna get so mad because I, you know so I'm not spending money on have a desk that is 10 years old and cost $10, probably where'd you get it. No. The convenience store pharmacies doing those pharmacies. Now you you and you bring up an interesting point. You are supported primarily through your patreon. Is that correct? No, it's it's a combination of of things yeah, but that's a that's a big piece of the puzzle so patreon by the way, if you guys want to support bill, I'll put it in the description. Patreon.Com, slash bill words right, yeah and I have to apologize. You know for my lack of social skills intact and everything, but thank you to anyone who has like. Never, you know my patreon is blank. It is blank and I've never said you know it's like really promoted. No, no, but they are helping like pay. My rent, essentially so yeah. Thank you for that. Well, I. Think that's fair! When we were starting off, we had a patreon and we also had a blank because I don't I, think that's the point right because they want you focusing on what you do and not necessarily trying to make gifts and not central for people, not sure. That's how I saw it. No! It's just like thank you for supporting me. We can continue to do what we do, which is apparently what you want. Moral right, so I think that's perfectly fine, I hope so and Marie and and recent very reasonable, because I didn't have one, and everyone said you know geez. Why don't you at least make one just so people know? And but is it true that you turn off ads on your YouTube video not entirely I had them off for a long time and then I realized that if you want to get the red income from that, you have to it lower you the way they have it Wow uncheck every box, except for display ads, which is the one that puts a picture on the side, because when I see ads it like really when I see them. That, like really makes me uncomfortable, really yeah, so so, but I have that on there and I know you know you're gonna be mad at me, for not a lot of people are mad at me for not having the video pre-roll video ads on like the history videos, but I, don't I figure. So so you never really had a big payoff from those big big Japan in history. World I did because, through the other things the YouTube Brad stuff know through patreon and there's a PayPal donate thing. Oh, so a lot of people responded it directly support yeah, oh well, god bless. That's I mean I'm really happy to hear that I think so. Yeah thanks to those people whom they are I support you on patreon, you just did this morning. I was, and we didn't know that you don't promote it, yeah. Well, I figure. You were just making money like the rest of us, but here you are like working your ass after an amazing content. Yeah the thing is certain I won't even mention the name, but certain web companies and stuff, like are stalking me if the rest of my life through through targeted ads like interests- and you know- and it's like I can't even I- can't put other people through that bother. You know that people follow you on the internet. Trying to sell you yeah become mean at targeted ads yeah. It's just really annoying it's good strategy. You know- and this might help you be at ease with putting ads on your videos- you have an option as a YouTube creator to turn off targeted ad. That's true, that's true! I, don't know if that helps you I might because I do want you to prosper and to make money. So I don't know, but that is that the primary reason you you don't run ads on your videos. It's just a drag. You know for the viewer and I'm plenty of people always tell me: no, it's not people. I say you know. No, it's not! You know. They say we don't mind, but they can't speak for everyone, some people, but DV. What do you think about the fact that, like everybody on the um, how do you say the expected experience? Is that there's an ad there? You know like television or any popular medium cuz? How? How are you expected? That's a good point, because that's a good point, cuz! Maybe the reason I haven't done it I'm, trying to psychoanalyze this cuz I, really I always should yeah you should. I I do think you should and so I'm. You know what it is I remember when there were no ads on YouTube, but YouTube was like there's no way they can't put ads on YouTube. It's the Internet. You know ads are for the TV, you know and then I remember. The first day I saw an ad on YouTube. Then I felt like the outrage you know so I. Guess it's been a long time since then, but I still, it's you that outraged lives yeah, even though maybe shouldn't anymore, but look but look at you. You are extremely hard-working talented your life for your work, as you say, I don't have time to do anything else because I'm working. So this is not some dude posting vlogs or around a hobby I mean this is your life. This is your work. I mean you're entitled to get paid for that work and an addition to patreon, which is completely optional. The people can support you their call. So as an artist you I say like your. Your work is your art and you put it up there for free, and you know like if you I, don't already sell their work. So you put it out up for free, so at least you could get money that way, but not to press you not to press I say that 5mu sell things too, but it doesn't work that well nowadays, cuz with the internet. You sell it to one person and then they can send it to everybody else. Oh you sell duck digital media well, I sold music, but I mean it's also on the streaming sites. So just pay for that I. Guess: alright! I guess there's ads there. So technically there are ads. So you know, but in the internet you know it's like it's kind of you know, selling stuff on the internet. It's kind of not entirely real I mean you can sell it to the first person. You could charge a billion dollars for the first one, but then once one person has it they could they could just send it to anyone. Well, what do you think about? What looting did they had that? That was a relly, better Miller I was that I was thinking that uh I mean that's, that's like yeah. They did it. That's ten! As far as I know, nobody's heard that element of Martin shkreli still that's too bad. It is too bad. It needs a prison. You can't do anything with it now, probably an evidence bin somewhere I had heard that he had played a portion of it on his stream. Really, you know, I cannot believe that album was sold for only a million dollars. It's whoo tang, like how did nobody pay more than that Martin shkreli is the only guy who willing to shell out Amelie for that yeah. You would think like someone like jay-z or you know, maybe someone who's like really the guy some money there would Aang anyway, I still haven't figured out what it mean, what it means to sell stuff on the internet and what you know, because you know yeah I, just looked it up and apparently that album is now in the hands of the government. They seized [Laughter], they ever imagined their million-dollar. Album would end up in the hands of the government. Well, people, maybe they'll, add it to the Library of Congress. Hey there you go, they should I'm Sonia, that's so funny! So do you? What do you consider that? Well, how do you consider that act by wu-tang to have this one CD? Is that cool? Theoretically, what I thought was a legit thing, but I still have not really figured out what I think about that, because you want people to hear you do exactly so. That's why you wanna yeah it's caught! It's interesting and strengths, but anyway not to persuade you about the ad thing. I only am looking out for your best interest and I. Want you to prosper and I. Think you'd be surprised by how much that. Can that can add to your your bet, your quality of life for Christ's sake, yeah I might do it I mean do you? Do you have any idea how much money, those two videos alone would be a lot I people have deemed me on Twitter I mean hundreds of saying. Well, no people have I used to get DMS on Twitter, saying we'll pay. You I won't tell you how much money but we'll pay you this much money for you to just turn over the rights to the ads viral hog. Oh, my god, that's so funny like viral people that wanted to buy the ads right now, someone someone said will give you you know made a huge consume. You know for for just the ad sales rights and have you had like sponsors. Well, any interesting people come in rolling through your email, interesting opportunities, yeah. Anything interesting that you're working on then usually the most usually the most interesting ones. Have these long disclaimer. At the end that says you can't talk about any of this. No I'm, not asking you don't have to talk about it, but that's cool to know that you're cool yeah, that's awesome! Yeah! That's exciting! I can't wait to find out whatever that is well. I've said no to a lot of most of them or a lot of them or I mean I'm, notoriously bad at collaboration collaboration. Well, that's good. At least I was hoping that people would have recognized kind of what's going on with you and because I well, what is your? What is your aspirations? Are you feel like you've arrived on YouTube or what is your dream I'm gonna take take over the world? Maybe take over the world, you want to be the dictator, no no I, don't know you wanna make a movie. You wanna make a cartoon. You want to make it animator. Well, hopefully, something like better. You know, mmm I would I. Would freaking die to have like a history of like that, as a show would be absolutely captivating. I want to do that too. The problem, if that's, what I wanted to do, the problem is it takes so long to make, but you would work with people. Is that something right I know I know that would be how to do it. You could have a team of 20 people, you know just you can make one every month or you can make the whole 10 way already doing it. We already got a show. It's just slow. We don't get an episode every week. Is that okay, or would you be happy to see it accelerate, is what okay, oh the rating yeah. Never was! That's why yeah? Well, it's been a wrong way wrong. If you could, what what's like the perfect rate of releasing those in your ideal world history, videos yeah what's a week? Is that enough time to do all the research here's the problem, then I did the entire world just because I figured let's escalate. How do we beat Japan and after doing that, I? Don't look I'm, really interested in history or I was I mean I'm really like really, you know, and after doing that, like I, don't want to say another word about history ever again: oh really yeah! So you don't want to make the history series I did. It was the only thing I wanted to do for a long time and then I did I. Just not that I said everything in that. In fact, that was the most painful part was because the more you learn, the more you find out how much you're gonna have to leave out like 99%, yet yeah yeah. That was painful, but I assume. So are you not working on another history, video right? No, not right! Now, no I'm doing songs. Okay! Every is there some long-term project in the background that you're working on no but I think there's about to be no yeah, because I just got to the B I. Think there's about to be you found a topic or something to fascinates you or you. Don't yeah, I, can't yeah, okay, cool yeah, well, I know that every I everybody loved everything you put out is adored. Would those those specific works are just like I mean they're like they're, modern masterpieces, and it's like everybody just can't get enough of that I mean you cannot get people on YouTube to what? How long is the history of the world it's like for, like 19 I was hoping it would be five because I didn't that time to take another three months off, like you know so, I was like okay, bye, verse, 5 to 7, and then I was right. I was writing it after two months, I was still writing not making the video I was researching writing after months three months and it's at 12 minutes and it's like reading at 14 yeah. It's just you got to turn ads on dude. So how long did it take you total would be 11 months. Oh we're I, don't recall. Were you gone during that whole time? Just like what do you mean? Were you posting videos? No I was like it wasn't done, but I mean on your YouTube channel right, I didn't post it. No, there was nothing. Oh wow yeah. It was rough every single day you wake up to like everyone's saying, probably and like gone from the yeah, but you came back big time. Well, I never left when you posted well I mean in that kolenda mental collective of the world, so to speak, yeah. So, let's move on to the history of the world, then, because that video now, if I, let's see that video, the history of the world, I guess, has 55 million views and sits on our videos number two of all time with hundred and seventy-six thousand of us. Do you use reddit, but do you understand kind of how nuts that is so when you posted that video? What was your expectation station for the reception? Well, it was I knew Japan did that it was number one and read it notice them. So I was like okay, this could and it's a huge escalation from the Japan video. It's like the ultimate thing mm-hmm, so I was like okay. This could really get there, but you just can never get yeah, which is scary. I've been you know, working on this for a year yeah, you know, I was thinking at the end of it was like I, never want to spend this long, I'm very thankful that they came through, and so what was that like for you when you? Finally, that must have been utterly relief. I relief somebody told me somebody texted me, and they said it's number one year. It's number just like thing. I was just relieved. Spend that long. You know you don't, and are you happy with how it came out that video yeah I, guess I mean I, haven't watched it since it came out so I think it's okay, there's plenty of things that are just way. Undercooked I mean look. It went through, like you know, within the first four months and something I started working on the graphics and stuff like that. I was I mean I must have spent all day. Looking for images of different, like apes, I must have spent all day, looking at apes at finding that perfect clipart yeah and then I was like what am I doing. It occurred to me that this is gonna take multiple years to finish. If I don't seriously kick myself faster every day, so it really just became again and again and again, I had to just pick myself up and just go faster, so that kind of goes back to the whole issue of deadlines, because you're such a perfectionist, when you remove that deadline, it can probably drive you crazy. Yeah I mean, but you know, I mean around October I set a deadline of December. 1St I was like this. During October November I was kicking, ass I was like working so fast, but it came around to December and I wasn't nearly done and then I just couldn't get out of bed for too much by the way it didn't get done to make way. You said you can't you couldn't get out of bed, you mean you were just despaired just like working so hard. I was just like you needed. A very is your your night. Are you like up to the point of like you're, not even sleeping that much no I? Do sleep I see you good sleeper, how much sleep you sleep, I sleep, 10 hours, it'll be like nine or ten yeah. God bless you. Unless now I'm on a schedule and unfortunately toward the end of the schedule, it gets ridiculous toward the deadline. Etiquette. You set an alarm clock. No god bless. You too do I, know. I know if for me, but that one joy being self-employed is not setting alarm clock I mean that's. That's all that matters. For me, a problem is I, tend to drift, telling you personal things, but I sleep schedule drifts forward like an average about that or a day like it on average, like rotating so yeah I'll, sometimes wake up at like 3:00 a.m. well any time it'll it'll it'll keep drifting if I don't have to. If I don't have to work for anybody else, you know you know it'll gradually drift. So what's your sleep schedule? Look like right now, right now, I woke up early you're on our Lee money, but I mean I just released the that's it I got it I got it and I find that so interesting. So do you find yourself more productive at a certain time of day, or is it all just rotating? It's all a blur doesn't matter that much what time it's? What kind of food do you like you order, I would sell your food is weird I, don't like to talk about food you'd. Only talk about food food is weird not that into food. It's good. We all do it. We I mean. Certainly that is a require. I, don't find it that strange! I love food. You could tell by looking at me, I'll eat all day and he looks pregnant and she's. You know we can. We can not talk about food, I mean I, don't have that much save I. Don't. Unfortunately, that's interesting, though, doesn't really love. Food, hmm, but she's pregnant now and she's turned into like a I want to say a beast mode which I love: I, don't I mean that is a absolute compliment because I'm a monitor and she hardly eats so now. For the past three nights in a row, we've had pizza at last night I was eating pizza with eel and I was like this is the happiest I've ever been each thrown yeah I? Usually don't care about pizza, but you don't have a preference. You don't like specific foods, yuck pizza, okay, I, don't really um reason: I, don't really like to talk about food. He lists that way. What about a? Are you a coffee, drinker, yeah yeah, nice, I, Scott, I, just sugar cream I just really know what I don't like - I, really don't like to talk about preferences of like what okay, what different people leader in general released for me? Okay, okay, let me yeah, but I will say that yeah hot coffee, I just can't I, can't it it's it's it burns me physically, really, I know you're sensitive to the temperature. Yeah interesting, like I, don't know I. Just you drinking you're, like oh no I'm, burnt burn like for the few days. Well, my brother's very temperature sensitive yeah. He he can't eat like until it's like lukewarm at hottest. Has this explosion popularity since these last two videos? Do you get recognized on street ever well? I mean I, mean sorry of those. Those big to I feel like really put you. Do you get recognized on the street ever? Does that happen to you maybe does happen sometimes, and do you has this popularity affected your life in any way or you feel like everything's the same? It's weirdly the same alright, because before I had it I was pretending that I did mmm just convenient cuz. Now I don't have to change a damn thing. It's like when I was posting five times a week on the website and I. Had it all like that, you know: I didn't even tell anyone that I was doing. That. I was just carrying on like pretending that it was really important and they do have a day job. What was life like or you were making money from your art, music, oh music, stuff, like gigs and stuff cool yeah, god bless I'm, just wondering. Have you gone -, you seem. Are you classically trained with music I sort of no? No but I figured out sort of the grapevine like the names of stuff like the names of the notes and the core isn't self-trained, oh yeah completely really, and what was your first instrument, the keyboard? It was piano and drums and back the piano back to drum back the piano interesting. Who are your music inspirations? What kind of music do you like, but you have a very specific style, and you know, and and and you know that's that's unfortunate because you know I I wish I could I'm just trying to do do whatever I. Can you know you know it's like if you have a green tractor and if that's the one you have people say why do you like to drive? Do you listen to music, though cuz yeah, your whole life is music you're right? It is what are you listening to these days? Unfortunately, there's not that much time, but you have a favorite artist, no I, don't I, don't break it down. You like the Beatles. Well, I, don't I, even like really break it down by artist cuz. It's a every single artist is gonna have stuff that I really love and that I don't like and I think it's that way with everyone. Maybe it's not even by song like by song, there's parts of the song that I love parts of it that I don't even individual moments of songs. So you Swan that's funny. There reminds me of kind of what Jason dunkey said. He doesn't this. This blew me away. He says he'll take songs that he loves and cut out the parts he likes. I mean cut out the parts and doesn't like and then make a cut of his perfect idea in that song. I've done that really I changed the two I cut up the bridge to pretty woman and changed it. It's great tuned for some reason, the bridge just it it takes this detour. It really bores the hell out of me so I, just without adding anything new I just took the me pardon I, pitched it up a whole step and another whole step and comes back around. Were you always interested in music, or was that kind of him keeps coming back, I? Think by the time I was about 10 I just liked it, which is one of those things that kept coming back. Mmm better! Do this then yeah is there? Is there an artist or bandur style where you think like that's like what was it? Was there something you ever heard as a child or whatever, where it was kind of transform you're like I, want to make music cuz. This is just so brilliant. Yeah I was probably a bunch of stuff I. Don't remember exactly I, don't know. Can you hear those there's there's there's sirens outside the sound proofing can only do so much, there's actually a window behind that foam. You know Paul Desmond sax playing on take five. It's a very famous tune. Mm-Hmm I mean he doesn't nice job on that real good I mean I heard that at a young age good, so that's jazz, I, don't know yeah, yeah, sure, Dave, Brubeck people, but yeah I, don't know. That's a weird thing to talk about now. People are gonna, think oh I know so dude you don't know no pressure. I, don't know why I'm! So you don't know you don't stay. I get the sense! You don't like talking about your musical inspirations. Well, that's not true, but I'm a little confused about what you like, or what about what you want to say: yeah I'm, not sure I haven't figured it out yet okay, but one thing that I will always come back to again and again: it's popular music, hmm can't get away from it. Really can't ignore it. You love to pop music I, refuse to hate it unconditionally, mmm, which I think it seems like everyone around is always doing it and I can't I well, I. Think that's I think that's a wise way because clearly there's something there that people find irresistible sure and pop music you're right, as always from the times of like when I was a kid like Backstreet, Boys and Britney Spears or whatever's popular yeah. The the reaction of everyone is always to be like everyone, new cool yeah, but then you start finding these articles and now on YouTube. You know you can see interviews from 1955 from 1925 from you know, for any given year in the past, everyone's always trying to say that nothing is good nowadays yeah and that the latest technology is ruined everything. Once you see how prevalent that viewpoint is at every single moment in history, suddenly you just can't take it seriously anymore. You know. Why would it be true? Now, if it wasn't true, then that's really that's a really great obso. It's just I have I, have no patience anymore for the pop. The unconditional pop hey think. That's a great great and I'm, not saying I like every tune. That's ever on the radio, but man every given year and everyone has different tastes, but any given year, if you just check out the charts, there's at least a handful of tunes that are just like yeah, hmm, you know I, don't know and it'll be different ones for different people, and maybe some people like none of them. That's fine, maybe maybe that's true, but I, just think it just never it never stops. You know. 2014 2001, 1952 I mean sometimes I. Go to there's a charts website where you can just listen to stuff and you'll. Hear you'll hear a good stuff and you'll hear people that are copying their neighbors just trying to sneak in there and that's always there - mmm and that's cool I, don't know, I think that's really wise. It reminds me the best example of that that I always hear is like Bob Dylan when he switched to electric everybody was like it's so poppy and it's not authentic and everyone was saying that he was a hack and I was making pop music because you swish the electric guitar. Maybe you could say about Bob Dylan. You can't say that about anyone is. Do have a artist today that you like a pop artist that you're a fan of can't really I. Can't really you don't like naming I can't really say you know, there's so many things where and I. Don't even pay attention like anymore, like because there's that there's certain songs around like yeah I love that song I don't sing, but I, don't even think about whether or not it happens to be by the same person. Another song that I can't stand I, just don't even notice anymore, I, don't even interesting! I would say when I look at your style, I will consider to be almost psychedelic. Do you does that influence on you at all? No, not not physically, not physically. No, but you know what what do you mean? Do you take I? We were talking about this backstage you kind of you. Have this Frank Zappa kind of vibe I! Think about you with this like really eccentric, brilliant music, and you may know about free examples that was very much, not a drug user. He was very sober in fact to the point of even expelling people from his band for using drugs, and that was during like the sixties and seventies. When everybody was on drugs and I, he was one of the most eccentric and creative musicians from that time period. Do you really don't think I wouldn't do I mean I, wouldn't do that I? Wouldn't kick people out you're, not accessible? It was messing up. Yeah you're, like dude you're, not good at yeah, yeah or not, showing up to the gig. Do you play in bands? Do you play music with other people right now? I just do I. Just do solo, yeah, cuz you're, very much a one-man band as I understand from watching your videos yeah, but the but the live. The live show is gonna, be a band for sure. Oh, we got a live show, but the thing no, but the thing is it's gonna, be it's gonna, be it's just gonna, be a band. Tell me about this live show. What's what is this? It's not happening, yet it's not being yeah, but you're planning, yeah! Well, no I'm! Not for yet but I'm planning to plan it. You're planning planning, that's in the work and so I'm very curious about this I think a lot of people are. This is a tour that you want to do well, like I, said: I'm, not planning it, but I'm planning the planning. Okay, so um even got that far. No and the problem is while I'm doing it. I can't make a new any new songs or yes, but it can be lucrative. Does that does money? There's money, motivate you at all? Well it doesn't. She I hope it doesn't change what I do or like how I do it so no I mean yeah. I mean I, need it, you need it. I need some of it. Yeah are you you don't care about being a millionaire anything. You just want to keep doing what you know. There'll be convenient, it'd, be nice. Both touring will be very lucrative, I, don't know if you want to do it like that in putting ads one would also be dude. You would be making I'll do it. You're gonna text me and be like thank you. Dude I'll have to text a million people, other other people who he tells you sorry, but can I take credit for having convinced you cuz. This I feel like was no no cuz. You didn't convince me. I'm, not gonna. Do I'm just saying you off my back: okay, basically, okay, let's Google, it's a good honestly! It's a smart idea. I probably should do it well, uh yeah! Let me see here Oh you won that you won the shorty award yeah. How was that experience for you, because you went up there and just you'd read her to thank you and you bounced out. It was too weird what was weird about it. Well, it's kind of alarming how bad my social skills are like when I go to a place like it knocked me out, like I, didn't even you know, I went to I got invited this VIP fine party thing and it was like I walked in and I walked right out. You just walked in I did it was like at a bar with ping pong and stuff, and it was like a kindergarten flashback because it felt like the whole room was already talking and already knew each other and I'm just like yeah there's, never a good time to go. Interrupt someone and I just that awkward for everything, I, think socializing I think we all need to acknowledge how weird socializing is it's so hard? Hey, hey guys playing ping-pong yeah can I get next game. Yeah I mean we've never gone to one of those I avoid em, hmm yeah, but did woody you're alarmed by how bad your social skills are. I'm, just surprised, I have like social anxiety. No, no! It's just I have no there's no word anything once I'm in a conversation, it's cool as long as there's something to talk about I was like yeah get that foot in the door, yeah so I, pretty much of those things. I just literally get a beer and stand somewhere just in the corner, just really, and people who approach me because they recognize me. That's nice, that's very nice and tell me about the awards ceremony. Did you ever play ping-pong by the way? Did you get a game? No, do you play ping-pong I? Don't know? Oh, no! No I! Don't you know what being gone? It's not that big of a deal yeah! It's not that hard! It's not really that big I think it actually is probably pretty hard. It's hard to be good at like Forrest Gump, good, that's hard yeah, but it's but ping-pong is really not that serious. How was it accepting the award because I was watching you had you, you had this great little video you put I guess on your website, but you never posted it on on YouTube. Maybe it was on vine about you being like I went up and I told her keep the door open. Cuz, I'm gonna be fast, yeah, yeah yeah, that was when I explained pretty much half of what I just explained. Actually yeah yeah tell me about that acceptance. What strategy were you planning on that? Quick? Thank you. Yeah I, it was. It was an option you know. Cuz I saw like I said: I saw Andre 3000, do it at the Grammys and he had a very strong effect on me for some reason. But it's not it's not rocket science and he's not the first person who's done that I'm surprised. More people haven't done that. Well, what more needs to be said? Probably some more things could have been said, but I just didn't I just didn't. Have it yeah? Just you know it would be like the ceremony was going on and I was like thanking thanking their managers manager and their social media manager, and all this stuff I'd never heard of, but the detail that story that I loved was that you're walking up to the stage to accept the award and you and there's a girl who's got her arm on the door. The and you want you were planning in your head ahead. You says I don't want to be awkwardly waiting for it, alright, open the door for me, so he says to her as he's going to guess where he says: I was pretty slick, I love, the that we can see. You saying it right in the footage. [Laughter] now was that something you were planning, while you were in the audience being like. If I win, I don't be standing there awkwardly yeah. Well, you were brooding over this I yeah I yeah as soon as I walked in the theater I was just I was all the way in the back too. But I don't know since we're just talking about how you know antisocial and basing that's. Okay. Okay, I find it charming. Yeah I mean it's genuine um I am very uh. I feel like I. Have social I feel like I need to draw stuff. I saw a Pharrell Williams interview where he was just like do doing stuff, while he was interviewing because I just couldn't deal with it. He's like like. Thank you for interviewing me. I know, I need to do interviews and it's totally cool, but just forgive me I just have to you feel that way that you want something you draw. No do you feel it that way and that's like you, don't want to do interviews, but you feel like at some point you have to yeah. Probably yeah. Is this confronting kind of like a I? Don't know if it's a fear but like a necessity of you being here, yeah? Well, it's fun too. You know so cool I mean I, love, I love having the opportunity to speak to you. Your logo is the umbrella. What's the significance of that? Well, this is what happened. Really I was doing I didn't on my website. I had no logo and I didn't really want one. So but then I was setting up the YouTube channel and so setting up the banner. So I had the black background and it says hi I think it still says this to this day it said hi or something so that was cool and then and then the there's a thing in the corner where he there's a thing you have to put in the corner. I was like okay. Well, you got to put something there, so I, just I just put I. Did it based on what was already there. So the high thing is there yeah, so yeah I just picked. What would look good and then I realized that that's actually gonna be the thing that shows up as my thing, which was a surprise to me, I didn't know, I just thought it was. Something was gonna go in the corner, but you know you're happy with the umbrella yeah. It's okay and I try to use a different colour when I go to each different platform. Do you have pet peeves or things that annoy you? No I I, don't know, probably do but I can't think of them right now. What keeps you up at night, I, don't know what gives you most hope in the world. This is you have a list? No, it's all twists on you, yeah well, I was doing history. The world research, I sort of I already knew this, but I sort sort of got solidified in my mind even more, it was like the way, progress and discovery and things getting crazier happens all the time you know like it was just rocks like billions of years and then something more interesting and then it was it's like for a long time and then then something gets discovered and then, like you know, hmm so and that's been happening forever and like faster and faster present. But do you think about the future in regards to that stuff? Are you interested in like robotics and yeah Peter, science and space and all that stuff yeah? It's probably gonna, get really crazy. Really fast. Are you a man of Elon Musk? Do you follow all that SpaceX, stuff and Tesla I? Think he's pretty cool but I I understand. There's some I, don't know yeah I, don't know. Do you I love him? I love him on mas I love, Elon Musk, because I feel, like he's a cares, a guy who is fabulously rich. He is one of the richest people in the world and he uses his wealth and his influence as intellect and my opinion for the betterment of mankind and he he has to do in a way. That's profitable. Obviously, because how can you but SpaceX, which is basically just fueling his fantasy of starting a colony on Mars, nearly bankrupted him, as did Tesla the guy's been on the verge of bankruptcy from gambling? Everything he's got his billions, his vast wealth on these insane ideas that everybody said it was impossible having a private company that sends rockets in outer space. Who would ever do that except the government making electric cars zero gas? Was batteries efficient enough to take you through in German people said that was impossible. They I love him he's incredible, love him I, don't know enough to really yeah he's amazing, but I I'm fascinated by that rapid increase in things, I didn't even know, I didn't even really I feel like I, didn't really explain what Historic Site. You said what what am I hope it gives you hope. Yeah I, don't know, I have it, but I don't know where it comes from. Oh you, you feel like you're. Naturally, up to me, oh hell, yeah yeah I feel like I'm painfully Sinnott cynical. Do you think I'm painfully cynical you, but you feel, like you: wake up generally have a sunny disposition. You're, not no! No I've been worst morning. Anyone I have morning anxiety, I, think yeah. Now I have crazy morning anxiety. So what does that mean morning anxiety when you wake up and you have crazy anxiety just because of like of what? What are you anxious about? Or is it just a general feeling? So this show there's some Frank. Well, I, don't blame you for that. I mean it's a new experience for you, but just like what you have to do that day. Things are just yeah, I think so and when you got to have that eye opener, you know mm-hmm. Once you get into your work, you feel more comfortable yeah, once I figure out what I'm doing and it's cool I feel like that's most people. It might be I always wouldn't trust, someone who would telling me they'd just wake up happy and like I, felt pink yeah, oh I'm, so thank God, I'm alive, that's kind of how you should be right. That's somehow we're not maybe thank God. What a day of wonder. That's like all those self-help gurus are like every morning, I'm blessed that I'm awake I. Think if you really care about doing really good stuff and good work and you've really care about making stuff good. There's gonna be a flip side of the coin, because you're gonna be really paranoid that it's not gonna right kind of have to yeah yeah a little bit, and hopefully it doesn't kill you do you believe in UFOs or ghosts, or do you subscribe to any what would be considered as conspiracy theories Wow ghosts. You know, I thought ghosts were pretty cool and I looked into some things. I found like some lists of like all the most famous ghost sightings and stuff I was kind of disappointed. Most of them were not very believable. I thought I was going to find some really believable stuff I've heard some stories from people. I know that are very believable. I agree whenever I look in the ghost stop, because I'm I'm happy to accept a natural skeptical person, but I agree that the the evidence is not not compelling yet, as of yet I thought, I was I was expecting to find it, but I didn't know what about UFOs and aliens. Do you think aliens are out there well, I. Think alien just means someone from a different planet than yours, mm-hmm, so I think, depending on what planet you're on the other person would be. Do you think there's interplanetary beings that do you think there's beings on other planets, of course, and do you think they visited the earth? I don't know about that? Maybe they have. If, but the thing is no, no, you think there's intelligent cultural beings out in the universe. Well, yeah there would have to be, but but here's the thing, though we're gonna? How long have we been? How long have we been here really like yeah, zero time? This is one of the things I was talking about. Things are like going super fast like worth here and we're mean I, don't know what the future is we'll either maybe be extinct or maybe we'll invent an entire way out of this entire paradigm, somehow or or invent our way off of this planet, or something I mean like so the chance is that I don't know what I'm trying the chances that there's another like that. We're the only I think what what what you're? What I think is that the chances that we're the only ones here cooking on this planet, it's like lower than the chances that there's other intelligent cultural beings on other planets I would think they would have to be. But there might to be right, it might be pretty quick, it might be pretty temporary and pretty quick before they like. Well. What fascinates me about our time on earth is that it took a while to cook us up. Like lighting on earth has been around for a long time. Yeah and the dinosaurs were cool. They were dope, but they weren't really going anywhere with science and, like that, so a meteor was like our. You know, hard hard reset this, let's throw out the leftovers and start over yeah and so I wonder how many hard resets before you get someone that can build a spaceship or build a computer or something you know. Yeah didn't take that many only like two for us to come pop out of there too, there was like a several mass extinctions right right. There were like five, so five resets it took yeah, huh, I'm, sorry, I'm, not more of an expert. That's I feel like I'm, letting you down you're, not letting me down just think I. Think I was an expert while I was making that history. The Rovio there's new stuff in your head now, yeah yeah, I, think Elon Musk's believes were living in in a simulation of what he thinks that we are living in a computer simulation of something else entirely that reality is just a computer simulation of I. Guess, I! Guess again that would mean that someone else's guess someone else is controlling it for some reason like. If you think of like that, okay, whatever yeah all right well I'm excited for your live, show your concert. That's there. Isn't there isn't I'm excited about the idea for the idea, even that you're entertaining the ideas I really want to do it yeah. The problem is that I can't make videos at the same time, so I don't know how much no well, if you guys want to help out bill words, if you want to help support him and his work, please, head on over to patreon comm slash bill words link is in the description I'll ask because you won't. Thank you. Thank you to you and everybody support bill. He is a gem and I. Thank you so much for joining us. Oh geez, thank you for having me. It was an honor and a privilege and a pleasure. Likewise, so guys I hope you had a laugh. I hope you had a giggle up. We were fascinated as I was, who do we have next week? Uh? It's not a hundred hundred percent confirmed, but it's a big one. If it does work out, I don't know, should we should we sell I, think I think it is I, think it's pretty much planned I think it's happening. Jack, Black, Jack, Black, pretty exciting big fans really easy and cayenne is cut and Kyle's coming on, as well as to just Jack I. Think it's just Jack I, don't think Kyle's available. I know maybe at an unusual time right, yeah well, we'll make a Twitter post, maybe an early one yeah right in the morning. It sounded like that's the only time I work out, but yeah that looks like it's happening cool so we'll see you I will see. You I think an unusual time next week, but we'll keep you guys posted on the Twitter account and once again is there anything else? You want to talk about probably a million things, but I can't remember: bill works on YouTube bill works everywhere, but we accept not bill works on social media because you can't get bill works well on Instagram, it's not on and I'm, not the words yeah. That's a great all right guys, we'll have a blessed weekend. Um enjoy enjoy being alive and when you wake up tomorrow morning, thank God Oh smiles, all smiles baby life, alright guys. Thank you. So much for watching have a blessed weekend. See you next week. Thank you. [Music] [Music],.