At the Second World Conference of peace and light in the Dominican Republic Rosser received the Tuttle world, ambassador of peace and life by the foundation 1a1 and its president, dr. angel dr. angel. That's his name, there's not dr. ankle right yeah, it depends on the hospital and hell it says. Angel and I mean it makes it. So, what's this title again, world ambassador to peace and light and light specifically life. So what you're looking at here is a show real of all the light. I, don't know what the [ __ ] this guy, but, like all the lives he's touched and all the miracles he's performed there. Yet, oh nice, look at that game. Man I'm cured already. They just tease you because you have to pay for it. Of course, yeah yeah. He doesn't give you the gaze. We don't give that [ __ ] away for free, come on I'll. Look at him, admiring all these. The nations he's traveled in heal. He's such a dollar store. Fabio! Oh absolutely right! It's like! Oh! We couldn't quite get the real guy, so he just looks really he's a he's. Got a strong gaze and usually people cry, look at them whole. Damn city he's got a dreamy thing going. You know like the character, true P, the dog just kind of mmm hey, but apparently it's miraculous, so good for him street fights just ending throughout that entire. Absolutely hey! How you doing guys welcome! Welcome to our show here, my favorite guests. We have Jack's films and Eric from comment: etiquette, internet, coma, etiquettes, actual precise name. Two of my favorite guests here together can I ask for anything better. That I've avoided my heart that had to be filled by some Hennessy some cigarettes and some sparkling rose a this. So thank you guys and thank you guys for coming here and joining us on this glorious, Friday, good job, making it through the week to you guys and them as well. Yeah. Here's to the weekend and we're just here to have a laugh, have have a couple of gifts. A couple of bills: yeah yeah, you know, booth is oh yeah, oh mama, bleep oof in this later on, I have questions. So, let's cheers to building and we'll tell everybody about the bill. Seuss said to booths you're gonna love this specifically, you Jack, oh I'm, excited already, so you guys know about like the goofs and spoofs in the gaps. Naturally, it's your specialty, so I saw this on the line. I saw this word. Booth I was like what the [ __ ], there's like a whole new, so a whole new like piece of the puzzle. I, don't even know, existed a booth, B oo, f, exact, okay swing chart, it's so I'm like okay. What's this mean and I? Look it up? It's not actually word, but you found it on urban dictionary. Hell yeah the best, which is the perfect place, to define something like this apparently and correct me. If your definition is wrong, it's when you shove drugs up your ass. When you go to a rave or dance party, you booth it in yes, we're on the same page, that's accurate. How did you know that, independently of this yeah, these things up through life? You know yeah been around the ball when you we move the gobble mile in my shoes you know the booth is just the beginning of the road right. Mr. booths, they call me mr. booths, they call me mr. booth. Well, we've got a couple of gifts and that bill I'll be boof and all kinds of [ __ ] later for charity, that's great tune in that's great. So that's my new favorite thing as a booth, it's a bit of a booth yeah! This whole episode is gonna, be a bit of a build before we get too deep. I want to thank our sponsors, quit stitch fix and wink with a see more about that later, and I also want to give a shout out to ela who isn't here by the way - yeah Cheers. This I don't know: if should we spill it out like well yeah, we need like a patch of dirt or something they're, forgetting his actor he's gonna, but she's not dead, no way to catch it. [ __ ] the table up. Oh you just drink it. You know I spilled a little bit earlier, so count it yeah. I'll. Look at that! That's for your lucky Allah poured a little bit the shot glass. She had to go home for some family stuff. Oh right! For two weeks, 10 weeks, it's kind of it's a rough: oh man, her dad was diagnosed with lung cancer. Ah man looks like stage 3. Ah sorry so, and you know it's [ __ ] happens. You know she's there spending time with her family and I'm here, [ __ ], trying to booth yeah. Well, no wait make sure you use with your famine, we're your family, okay, I love! You guys today, love you, man I, need you guys have more than ever Cheers! So speaking of Elah and have a booth there for you, mmm yeah, we were prepared. We've got like too much liquor out so much stuff going on. You know, I want to talk to me. A labott I seen these cigarettes here and I'm like before the show I, don't know what's wrong with me: hmm, every time we start this show I have to [ __ ], it's a trigger! It's it's a like a like a natural like when you go to the movie. Theaters I always crave a cherry coke, okay and it's one of those like you know. You have to fight it's the same thing same yeah is perfect, yeah. Absolutely so it's it's! One of there are other examples too I'll think about it. 40 minutes into the podcast yeah I'm talking about something completely different, Oh another one and you guys will be like Jack shut, the [ __ ] up, but yeah. It's just it's a natural biological thing where it's like you have to do it. You have that, though, where it's like not not about cherry coke since up, but specifically about [ __, ] mmm, because it's so I don't know. What's with the body and poop like I'll poop in the morning, every time cuz I'm, like I, cannot go through this again and I'm like we're gonna be smoking. We're gonna be drinking if I, don't [ __ ], now I'm gonna, [, __ ], my pants yeah, you don't want to [ __ ] your pants during the show yeah I mean what, if that did happen, no like what we do it. Obviously [ __ ] yourself, they wouldn't know at home, but me and Jack would know your viewers. Weird looks maybe back and forth. Oh no, we could continue that I, don't know if we hear we get out, yeah I, don't think you guys could just be classy about that yeah and I'm gonna want you to I. Would I would me and Jack would be like texting each other and we're I. Look rude like we were like not just me. Well, I would blame it on Eric people would buy that yeah I have [ __ ] myself right now, right now, currently [ __, ], wait actually I know. Do you have like poop triggers yeah well, I mean it's the same as what you're just describing I think whenever you're about to get out of the house and do something you know yeah your body's like well, what one second yeah, we we huddle up real quick right talk about what we need to do. Well, [, __, ], a so obnoxious, because it's like with pissing, you feel it coming. You know that you got to do some [ __ ], it's a rare bit and it's done right, but shitty can creep up on you anytime and then you're incapacitated for X number of minutes. Yeah I hate it I, absolutely hate it I'm still reeling from that one. Well anyway, we were a little late to the start on Twitch. So if you guys [, __ ], just I was sitting here. I was ready, I was feeling confident and I was like I'll be back in ten minutes and they were coming in. I was going out. You know, there's nothing like sitting on a public toilet. You know and [ __ ] your brains out, knowing that there's thousands of people waiting for you yeah. So if I'm ever late, that's what happened. He's [, __, ] yeah, when you're when you're [ __ ] in public. Do you stop [ __ ]? If somebody walks into the bathroom? Yes, generally I I, like that I do the same thing. I, always wonder what it is about, people that they just like [ __ ], don't care like they just keep going. If I walk into a public bathroom someone's taking a [, __ ] I envy those people, I expel, my god, you know you're, so empowered, yeah, I'm sure a lot of urinal like always have severe stage yeah. If somebody walks in next to me for the most part I'll just uh, it's so bad I'll sit there and pretend like yeah, yeah, I've contemplated and I'm. Taking my time right, you gotta close your eyes, yeah Waterfalls, and then what happens when you have too shy peers next to each other, like a [, __ ] standoff, that's what you call eternity! That's nice! That's like a four for blondes at a four-way intersection where I stopped right. I, always wait them out. I always win that game of chicken. Well, think it's real! I beer! All day! Buddy! You gotta finish all right! Right, cuz, you're, not hearing anything out! It's a standoff! It's humiliating yeah of Cour! No it's one of the worst feelings in the world, but what you do if they take too long, you just slowly turn to them right and you go just with it out: yeah yeah and you just stare and I'm like I. Like that, it's a game of! Can you dominate? You get your alphabet ooh! You can't, but you get your alphabet right and not just and that's what matters yeah. Who cares if you didn't empty bladder, I bite them on the neck right in the name? Oh that's! So they know that I'm deaf, oh that's a little further than I want to carry them out of the bathroom. What do you want to be the Alpha or not? I? Guess there's no there's that levels of alpha didn't realize yeah step it up. Man yeah! Do you ever do this? Where you'll go to the bathroom and it's just way too awkward that you'll actually be standing at the stall and you'll completely leave the bathroom without paying yeah? That is the [ __ ] I, don't know I, definitely I've cooked that low for sure mm-hmm I did my business I just walk out all stiff-legged it that sucks yeah go in stare yourself in the mirror for twenty seconds and I just leave yeah people who talk while [ __ ], like I've, told the story in the podcast before, but just to give you guys the Reader's Digest cuz. It happened to me in this office. Mmm I've was absolutely fascinated by it. Fascinating I can't say fascinating anymore. That's awesome! There's one button, it's just fascinating, fascinating! Those are nice open to you know. Yeah I was like Dan and you nailed it. Okay, so yeah. This is what happened here. I go in I'll. Give you a straw one cuz. A lot of people probably heard this I go in I'm sitting at the stall. They don't know I'm in there they come in they're talking dude one dudes at the urinal one dudes in the [ __ ] they're. Talking the whole time, though, dude is blasting ass at 10:10 volume. How can you maintain a conversation? Doesn't miss a beat? They finish at the same time their boyfriends. They fought. They were talking about I thought yeah. They finish at the same time. Dude doesn't wash his hands, they leave together and they're all good and they moved on with their life. Dozen washes 1 peed 1 polluted for the same rate and left together my best friend in the world. I wouldn't do that with him. I, don't like that's that's a level of friendship that that surpasses anything I know. That's like army [, __, ], yeah yeah, that is, army [, __, ] yeah. They were in the [ __ ]. Yes, when were they old yeah? They were, they were middle-aged. They weren't from that generation. Always that that's why that's like asthma millenials, but you know like we wouldn't do that. I can see I think when we're that age, we might yeah I think when we get into shifty when you get old, we're gonna be that guy talking on the phone while [ __ ], that's for sure for sure, but there these are the guys who you go into the gym and they're the dudes, who are just there naked all. Yeah yeah and they'll. Just look at you see that I, don't I, don't get that I, don't get that at all I down 70 years old I'll. Never do that! Well, I hope not, but I mean you know what I mean, though I don't get you well, it's a generation thing these kids used to shower together at the gym naked. True, true, true and they'd have the gym teacher. So they like anything yeah right. We don't do that. No, it's [, __ ], weird Stahl's back then. What's that I didn't have doors on stuff, all right, really just like right, I mean back, then they would make you. It was like this whole masculinity thing they'd be like you have to get naked and shower with your friends or you get an F. It's not real dan. Looked that up! Ian! Look that up! Somebody! Look that I'm! Sorry, no you're right! It's real! That's real I want to believe I want what I want to hurt yeah. They were our second Hummer Audrey thing. You know you know just to tighten the bond of brotherhood right. Nuclear war was right around the corner. Yeah, like here's, my dick yet for some reason, bathing suits were so much bigger. Mmm. You know world, you see what I see. That's, we call the inverse relationship. If you ask me so anyway, what the [ __ ] the point of this: where are we? We were taught oh yeah I was talking about Teddy fresh, so I just want to say, give a quick announcement here that Teddy, fresh ILA's clothing line is getting close, guys yeah a fresh official. This is just a basic shirt. The crazy [ __ ] she's working on she hasn't really shown yet, but I think by the end of this month. Early next month we are going to be jamming. That's awesome. This is Teddy fresh official on Instagram I'm super excited. Send your love and wonderful thoughts to they. He looks loner dubbed by you, Eric gillich, loner, hmm, oh, did I I, think so. Yeah I'll take it well join your clone segment, and maybe it was the twitch. It might have been an offset of that I. Don't think I'm that clever. If I buy Teddy Teddy fresh, you would have to buy it. We'll send you everything both you guys. Well, you can you hand deliver it to me at my address cool cool thanks, guys, I'll Doc's, the hell out of you buddy, do absolutely it's an absolute guarantee and just another announcement before we get too deep into this. Oh look at this. The raffle and charity giveaway is still live. We're gonna, wrap it up. We decided next. Are this coming Tuesday brought two hundred thirty three thousand guys listen to this okay, goddamn [, __ ]! Listen! If the we get to two hundred and fifty thousand dollars me Justin and Alex are gonna. Smut are gonna rap, Skippy's, bellybutton, lint and pubes into a blunt and smoke it. Oh, that was Justin's idea this weekend we need 250. We will make an h3 video of a smoking, a blunt of Skippy's belly. Look! Oh, it's yeah Justin's, like I'm, not gonna, inhale at those look on the [ __ ]. Alright, have you seen that [ __ ] um? You want to smell it. It's here Ian. Can you bring in the lint? Please? Oh my god, so guys get on those donations. Jesus Howard! Stern ain't got [ __ ] on this package, no package that, if I remember correctly, his reason for doing this was that what the [ __ ] was his reason for it was some kind of part of his missionary work. Okay, so they lost something he had to do a daily ritual or something, and so I'm gonna throw up if I smell this. By the way this didn't get a lot of bids. I was yes, I will hit lightly past I I will I'll. Just you know, believe you guys how much if somebody donates it for you to smell sad again. Somebody donates how much what's that threshold that you'll significant that 25 bucks? If someone donates, oh god, if someone donate, you can be as high as you want. Yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna have to. But if someone donates like $5,000 [, __ ] off notch notch, are you watching my grant because oh come on, that's rancid? How about a thousand one thousand short short one thousand you're here for 25, 25, Hey, hey! You want wait, wait! $25, not tithing 500, just 25 I was just about to do it. For free I'm going I'll, do it with you yeah at least look at it yeah yeah, look, look I want to know what I'm gonna say. Looking at it right now right we bit we raffled off all these griten. They have to take a close look. It's like the most. It's like a nug of weed. It's looks and instead of dank, like you know how there's like red, tendrils, its pubic, hair, I swear and you guys are trying to sell this well skip evaluated at $2,500 and whose eye I missed the start of this, whose is this hippy the verge the 34 year old virgin? Okay, you know, yeah I can't believe, there's not like any witches out there who need this. For, like a spell, you don't know that Lee button lint of a virgin man, it's true but I still have it so they're, not betting on it, which is, but we also found Seoul needs to know about this. We all signed it. So it's still available. If you guys want to yeah I, like that, it's in a Christmas I'd like to buy it, but can you dump the lint out and send me the signed container I'll? Let you Oh God, just just cast your eyes on that. But doesn't it look like a nuggie like a bizarro nugget smells like one? Okay, your nose in there? Oh, my god, does it smell like anything? Okay, your your chance. It smells like pieces of clothing that became lying, someone, mine, bellybutton, yeah thousand dollars. Somebody owes us now put your get your nose in it. Man, that's great! No, it's great yeah! That's actually not not as bad as I really hate. It really I feel nauseous. Just it's more of like cubes and stuff. Oh yeah, I see you know it's it's when you describe it yeah, that's when I start kidding, yeah the idea that smells better yeah, it's worse, the worse! That's when you actually stick your nose! Oh you guys you're yeah, just don't think about and I get. Can you get some? How smells a lot better than my belly button? Lint? Oh it does it yeah how's! Your collection, looking these days, oh I, got it I got like a like a rupture so of God. It's a bit of a smell yeah. It's got such a stink. Oh, this is available for for buying. This is available for purchase. Sign me up man, it's available here on so guys, I really counting on you. 250,000 come on you're. So close you are so close that is 17, not even 17 grand away. Alright, that's pops. Gonna hit it for [ __ ] until Tuesday this Tuesday well, I want to shoot it this weekend. Okay, are you gonna, put actual weed in the blunt or absolutely honest, I need a purely, not appear. I know! That's where you draw the line. You know that's illegal, [Laughter], all right so anyway, I'll check back in on those donations. That is horrific, mm-hmm. So it's so weird! You know there you go. The thing was like I need to [ __ ] so that I can smoke. Mm-Hmm, cuz I, don't know you you never smoked. Not read. I may have dabbled in like one or two cigarettes in my life, but it's not real I'm. A drinker doing the same room, a combination for my lack of smoking. Why do both you? That's fine too I, literally for everyone, who's crying at home, Oh Ethan's gonna die. Oh I love those got some I had a cigarette was with this guy. So, if anyone's gonna die attempt, I'm fine, no I'm cool record, [, __ ], remember: kids. Smoking kills all right, we'll just clone me! Well talk to it. There are healthier ways to live. Boys were all girls drool. This is a sausage party yeah. This is the boys club edition the drunkest podcast yet, and we're only about 20 minutes in absolutely. This is our own version of high gets Doug or what's it what's that one called yeah I, always think that name well, it's written like confused getting Doug with high. Thank you. That's exactly yep! This is show this is getting boofed getting Ethan with boof I'm using an e-cigarette this entire time. Take it puffs as we speak. Yeah I keep moving the chair up and down to activate it love. That name is Ian Rush, a tight tight shot of Eric goofing anyway I heard over here yeah by myself, mm-hmm, it's the first time I've ever heard by myself, no [ __ ] very first time. It was very weird I. Do it all the time how'd you like it? Did you like it? Well, it was weird yeah cousin, yeah dude. You like try to make conversation with the driver. Yeah I'd meet yeah I, don't want to hear anything from them. Yeah anything ever I mean right, one of my worst sorry I, just real quick one of my worst ever experiences was when I. Oh, you know, the uber driver shows up. I opened the back door to get in the Oberer. The driver says: oh no, no come come, sit up, consider the passenger seat whoa. So that's how I knew I was in for a ride. You'd be like oh I'm, fine back here, yeah I, didn't you see. I should have said that I'm too, like passive, no I, wouldn't I, don't say that either I think our scam cloth, yeah, yeah, yeah I think we are too or so it's do. Like yeah, we're shy peers and we both like when it when a uper driver tells us to sit up in the passenger seat. We do it so I did and you just [ __ ] talk to my and it was like a Ford. It wasn't a short ride. It was like from downtown LA to North Hollywood and it was like a 40-minute drive, and this guy just talked and talked about. God knows what I'll never remember, but he was a very. He was a chip. It was like 10:00 at night or 11:00 and everyone's tired, I'm tired, and he just no. He wanted our conversation so I totally get it like the whole. Hey man, just just do your job I, don't really want to have a conversation. You can never say that though it's the rudest thing ever. Oh of course, no idea number one well you're in the front. You could always just reach and turn the volume of the radio drown him out. That's the equivalent of like putting up the the screen yeah, you know like I, see in movies. Oh, it's not rude, no yeah! In a limo. It's expected, so you get that snob eNOS comes with the right: hey I'm, gonna, I'm, gonna jack off back here, yeah, don't look! Okay! Don't that's one way to shut him up, so you're not used to that riding alone. Well, actually, he was quiet. He was respectful. Here's the thing that I don't get about: Guber Trevor's, that that talk to you because they usually come at you with like a set of stories. Yeah and it's like. Do you tell the same start like you'll get in a car and they'll tell you their life story to tell you about the way that he's got a deforest and we're good for work. It's like! Do you tell this to everybody in here, because I'm not receptive, right yeah, that makes it yeah I'm, not inquiring, I'm, not digging for more? No, no! They just give you this straight yeah. You know you're just trying to get to a Ralph's, and then they start giving his life story right. Is it a scam like listen? If you want therapy this you're gonna have to pay for this every customer they pick. Maybe they what, if they're all actors- and this is their like- this is their rehearsal. This is their script and they're just trying to like perfect their life store. They change it every time they change up their story every time. Yeah, that's not what's happening, no, not at all I'm reading way too deep in it, but it's nice to dream, because because the reality is too sad, you're out the reality of it is really sad. I'm. On the other side, I asked them like to me: how's your marriage, so you do I see you have a pale spot on your finger where a wedding ring used to be terrible care to divulge sir. How is your level of observation right right right, don't mind the scratches on your steering wheel, that they're only driven by a woman. Did you win some sort of settlement there I wonder if there's like uber drivers probably shoot the [ __ ] about bad passengers who's? Who do that they have two annual uber convention VidCon for uber drivers right absolutely, it's a hoot yeah, the like the stuff I like to hear is uh like celebrity passengers. I got a bunch of friends who yeah drove for lyft and uber just to like after work yeah way to go, make a buck yeah yeah and they make some peer money and [ __, ] I know wow I got friends who do that too yeah somebody got Courtney Love in there in the Wow, and she didn't like the song that was playing on the radio. Was it her song? It wasn't it wasn't her song I, don't think he recognized her until like after, but I forget what the [ __ ] song was so to be subscribe for the best cuz I. Don't wanna have Courtney Love looking at me up and be like I. Never did that yeah I mean like her voice is so scratchy I. Don't think I would recognize her if I bumped and turn the street. Can you change the music. Sorry come again: I'm gonna roll up the window, don't look I'm masturbating cuz they bring back dividers. Please I feel like that's such a bygone era. Can we have them in regular cars, yeah I? Think like Tesla? Oh, we need one between the passenger. They shotgun Elon waiting for the divider Elon ice. Give you a lot of flattery on the show. Can we please get a divider between the shotgun and the driver? You can? Oh, it's listen.you I'll, be like listen, Eric, I'm, a jerk-off. Don't look clear one way: it's just not just the window! There's holes in it. You can hear me. I've got like a dry erase marker and just like your own stuff, you don't work the [ __ ]. Are you come on you on uh? So what else is going on with you guys, how's everything you were in uh? You were on vacation reason was yeah, so we just had a nice little nine-day vacation in Ireland and then London and it was awesome. It was just I. I just want to say it's so much better over there than it is here. We should all move. We shall just pack up our things and just move to the UK and they'll be building the wall. I mean I, don't blame him, it's just I. You know, but uh. So, okay long story short just a lot of beer, beer, Guinness and beer, and it was a lot of fun but the highlight and we peaked early. You know this is like on night 2 of 9 of our vacation right, but we were in some tiny little local bar in Donegal Ireland. You know this quaint, adorable, awesome town in Ireland and then these fans come up in the bar and there are these young kids they're like 18 19 years old. You know, but and it's like their last yeah, so they they come in. It saw like a lot of that. You know we're buying shots and rounds and stuff, and then the night goes from great to incredible. When they're, like hey, um, we're gonna, go back to you know one of the guys places and watch the game of Thrones Season Finale. Oh you want to come with meanwhile hours before Aaron and I we're trying to figure out how we're gonna watch Game of Thrones cuz in Ireland. You know, HBO Go is not the same. There are all these different uh, you know regional blocks and [ __ ]. So we look at each other, not even a second thought hell. Yes, so we go back to the strangers house, get pizza and wine and watch Game of Thrones with like a bunch of these people. We just met at a bar and like anywhere else that could that would never happen in the US only in Ireland that Irish hospitality, that was the coolest night on our vacation and then you know like that. It was just kind of downhill from there all right. No, but we had a lot of long story. Short life is better in Ireland and shout out to those people you names. Oh man, don't I got I'm. Sorry, what are the names [, __, ], lucky yeah? What's what a stereotypical Irish names are? Lucky, that's all I got lucky lucky shut up to those guys what champs champs! Yes to you. Look at me what a terrible guest I am I didn't pour you [ __ ], but you know what I'm like: oh [, __ ] I'm gonna bring a bottle of honey. That's what I like to see! That's what I, like that's gonna, be a long day. My friends pour short one and I've moved smack before I'm really on cloud. Nine goes quicker in the bloodstream that way, ya know! That's why doctors that's why they booth right when a doctor recommends boo thing, it doesn't harm your lungs booth that hey hey, hey ever thought about booth. I know you have a drug problem. Yeah everything about booth, in that it's healthy alternative, looks like that: South Park episode, were they right, shove, [, __, ], up yeah? That was the original booth really was it really was if we drink all that Hennessy, this will be the last podcast ever for any of us yeah. Let's not do. That sounds like a challenge to me. Well, we have three crew members. Here you have any pens e to mix it with yeah Henny and Pepsi Pepsi yeah. You know that old, yeah, Pepsi Henny, sorry, oh sorry, I didn't mean to shout no mic guys I have to head. People complain when I shout so I have to do like this. Yeah get the damn Pepsi in here. That's audio, correct it later in post. No just go back. It was minute 35. In your you know three hour: podcast yeah yeah there you go just a note for the editor and in in would you lower the damn volume of me shouting at you tell so you guys you guys getting slammed by the D monetization monster. I know, there's been like a round. I just got real [ __ ] by that you really, but thankfully tears by the way. - oh yeah -, the poof - poof yeah I got boost into my own D monetization mm-hmm. Really, that's a deep metaphor. Can you unpack that um? You know I got that idea. Beautiful I got shoved up my own channels, [ __ ], to see what it looks like when okay I go to the part site. That's some portal! [ __, ], okay, I make money from okay. So what what percentage of your videos now like 90% 90% way? Are you? What can you rebuttal? Yes, I sent. What what the [ __ ] is. It call it say, appeal repeat: that's it! That's where I meant to soar up he'll appeal, what a repeal repeal repeal repeal it replace it. Oh, my god, you know I don't drink straight. What I! Only joking are you kidding me? He said peps, the heading. Can you please get the Coke Zero in the fridge? I mean I, don't understand why I have to ask you some boy: Eric does right, I, love, Ian, he's that he's actually incredible. He does so much. First, oh yeah I say that because I have to but he's a real nightmare, no I died. One look at him, you can tell you can tell he's. Actually amazing yeah, don't be me and you're gonna get the monetised. So I made a pact with the devil. I, don't give the amount of time really I don't know. Well, you did. Are we talking about the a in Thanks all right, we're good I I filled them all. It's still like it wasn't 90% and I. Guess, like I, don't know what the [ __ ] I haven't been keeping up with how this [ __ ] works. So I just woke up one day and I noticed that all of my green money, icon said hello and I was like oh and then I tweeted about it and then Adam firm. Your movie sucks hit me up on Twitter was like hey by the way you can peel all those yes and as I go in because most likely it will all or most of them will be a river I've been getting emails like every day since then, we're like four will be approved for ads again and then another four won't so, okay. So here's the scary part about this. That was basically those were all already to all demonetized, since they had pocalypse as I understand it. They only just now are giving us the option to appeal them. That's right! That's right, which is so, if anything I mean I, don't want to assume too much, but if anything, wouldn't that be a plus like it being alerted you're being told, so they were already its monetized resized or whatever, but not a brother. No damn but I think I did hear I filled. Franco may have brought this up too, but this is like a while. This was at the beginning, yeah the advent of the ad pocalypse right months and months ago, but okay, so at least at least you know, I'm not like more 50%, now, not more 50%. Well, every I think you're doing well, because now you know run like it's not like. You were suddenly hit with this unmonitored, but yeah yeah. It seems like that, which is why there was like a new wave of panic. This past quarter was actually just them again. As always, YouTube doesn't know how to their PR is like off the chain yeah their booth. In, like all day, if they were a TV network, oh boy, they'd be great they'd get sued. A lot is this: this is a kind of interesting question. Are we as creators entitled to something well, no we're at we're at their mercy with all things, and you do what we do, because it's fun and it's what we've always wanted a lot right, make a living from it yeah that too, but we got to see who's able to pivot to like with the podcast. You guys have sponsors like that, cannot be demonetized and you got patreon, which a lot of people depend on now and YouTube right, yeah shout out to Eric to shout out some good stuff on there. One of these days. What's the patreon.com slash comment ticket get in there and help your boy out, yeah he's worth it. It's like a book, one dollar, a dollar, a dollar, give me a dollar. Listen, but yeah I mean it's. A good question is worth like. If you compare it to like cable television, you have people making content and they depend on it. They're, making their living there right and I know it's. It's kind of this new [ __ ] right like we're all on YouTube, making a living and depending on it and I, know it's just a platform and we all sign like a User Agreement when we sign up, but at a certain point do they owe us something yeah I, don't think so. Yeah! That's that's! The sad part, yes, is that you can't feel entitled to anything that right, that's the danger of it. You're getting will do and they don't realize no yeah. When YouTube first started, they didn't give people [ __ ] yeah like it was just this place days, videos and then your sketch, your sketches, but back then people just made sketches because it was fun getting popular was good enough, but when it turned into a career it does suck to depend on something. I have the for fall out from underneath. Oh, my god, this ad pocalypse was way worse than anything I ever anticipated, because, like me, neither we're always like well, you know, even if our channel dies and everyone stops watching like will still get like a certain amount of natural revenue coming in right, but that will sustain us but like when that [ __ ] hit initially know we lost like 90 percent of our revenue, and it was. It was mind-bending, yeah cuz, it's like who knows what you had planned like it really yeah. Of course, I know what your income is gonna be, and if you go, you know as many months as you have gone, you can predict [, __ ], surprise right, like that's. We're always like well worst case scenario, even in the event of ahead Paul coops will make this much right, but it was way less as well. I heard it folks, the most people up channels like you or is even smaller, who are like just coming up, maybe read they're, making a couple thousand dollars a month and they're like dope, I'm gonna quit my job right and then that happens and then what? Now? What yeah yeah I mean luckily I have those other things going on cuz if I was just depending on you to Britt I, probably wouldn't even be doing it if I was just depending on YouTube revenue, you're full-time now, right yeah, because you have MIRR cube at patreon, merch patreon and the the ad revenue I'm gonna see I guess next month what the actual hit was, but I'm guessing it's negligible, really I I mean like ever since the merchant yeah patreon and everything like that I've been looking at the YouTube stuff. Like it's extra, that's where I was in the beginning. It was the main meet. That's the best way to do it, yeah up until recently that for us it was always like we lived and died by Adsense and now until recently, like we opened our own merch store and then with the podcasts, now we're finally starting to see it as like a bonus like you know that which is I. Think honestly, it's the one that flew yeah these this days, you got it. You can't depend on that, show right, no yeah! So, hey all those new creators out there looking to get a YouTube channel, don't bother up there. Nah, then that it seriously started patreon Channel right right before the YouTube. Just it's gonna be smart uh, [, __ ], oh yeah, we're all [, __ ] broke yeah, I'm, doing I'm doing our thing, we're all doing alright yeah how much you pay for yours. This was fifty bucks that was our ours. Was you got a deal I think mine was either 40 or fink was fifty forty or fifty I picked up at Ralph's? So that's where we got ours, nice and round them boy, oh yeah! Slowly, you know, may as well pick up like some toilet paper and some peat you know like it's deodorant, yeah I didn't oh I run out of that. All the time we uh we sent our PA I'm, so [ __ ]. Without ela we sent our PA I, says: listen, you have to get a bottle. Honey I know Jax, bringing it, but I need to match him. So she goes. She brings back bubble, honey and I'm. Like oh Allah took my deodorant. I have no deodorant, you have to go by. Do I, hear it, because I didn't have time. I was running late. Of course. Of course you have to yeah. That's why you have a PA. That's why I have a PA to buy a mediator, so they come back. They bring the dealer I get into the office. I forgot the cameras Dan our producer media looks at me the second I walk in he's. Like you, Dom into cameras, you worthless, [, __, ] loser sounds like you, yeah, like he's like cackling. Now something like phase II Listed, give us more she's more of a care but she's she brings the camera. She doesn't forget the [ __ ] cameras. Well, she took my deodorant. You should yeah sound sounds like someone's in the doghouse when she gets back. Shh I am NOT. Gonna forget ver. That I know I showed you, nor should you get a hairy deodorant. It's not illegal. I have Thor, but listen. That's not I'm, not saying it's. Weird, no I am look say it's weird or not it's what it is. It's just that feel like there's different deodorants for different sexes. You know there is, of course you sexist piece of [ __ ], he's the lady, no I use Old Spice, classic no aluminium one [ __ ], hey how you doing you know. Oh, my goodness, you just dab yeah dab'll do ya: okay, okay, and so she tried all these feminine deodorants and she didn't like the smell. She didn't like the whatever you know, didn't do it for her yeah and so she starts. She gives my debt, she dabs mine and she likes it. You guys share your your your Musk. Yes, that is adorable. It really is that's a true love share. Our Elon Musk I'm gonna, like that lit on fire. Poor Skippy can I ash on your lint I got here. I want to share with you. Let me first check on our hurricane relief h3o. Then I heard of a king king everybody's hating on the Red Cross Lily. Do you notice that what no what's up with Red Cross I, don't really know I mean when we were talking about doing a charity, everyone was like whatever you do. Don't do the Red Cross memo there where you start? Are you moving that that's the Pope [ __ ] and his hat um in answer to your question? Is they won't be tricky I'm, good, I've heard that before, but I've never understood it really. This is like. Does a bear [ __ ] in the woods like, oh yeah, it lives in the woods right, [, __, ], his hat I would [ __ ] hope not it's a mess. It's a clear! Yes, that's the point. It's an absolute! Yes! Does the Pope I I, like also just the Pope [ __ ]? In the woods this is the Pope [ __ ] in the woods yeah there's a there's like a Rick and Morty episode. I was a guest whiff tea thing the president says I really like someone asks the president. Do you know how to fly this plane and the president responds something like that, but it's like, but but it's like a weird variation and the other guy says I'm, not sure the president says exactly just the Pope eat ass of a 12 year old nobody's okay with it I've lost that beef jerky. Does the Pope [ __ ] jerk-off nightly with the fleshlight yeah? He does guaranteed this wall, [ __ ] in his hat? Absolutely it's thanks practice. Yeah. He puts the divider up installed it in his [ __ ] Pope Nabil future for those dividers I'm telling you I have a man forum all right. Let me let me first of all I'm getting pretty toasty here. Oh absolutely, you guys are the best yeah. Thank you so much. This is just what I needed when I was watching him like a little bit outside. It was more like the YouTube highlights of your the the hurricane relief one with Marilyn and Alex, and all those guys I was watching some of that with with Erin and I was like I can't [ __ ] top this. It's right like in relatively speaking to like you, know this podcast and she goes no. You can't it's so like thanks for having there's no listen about that one. We planned a lot. That was awesome. We put a lot of work into that and, like I think I mean the prank call was was beautiful, incredible, but I think the pinnacle for me and from a technical standpoint as well, is that we got Justin to pepper spray, Joey yeah in the [ __ ] faith and we got to watch it live on. Can you turn it up? I can't hear it then sound boy I mean for the ages. I think that was probably the pinnacle of this show to this. To this day, I mean it takes a lot of cogs to make make something like that happen. So patch yourself in the back man I've definitely always wanted to see Joey salvia, [, __, ] pepper sprayed. So there you go and now Joey wants to top it. He says he wants to come on again and we can shoot him with a taser gun, Wow and I'm. Like I. Don't know I had that ones getting into a liability. For me, yeah I mean if he got shot by a taser gun. You can just keep doing his pranks cops, show up and shoot him with a taser gun right. You know room to eat into the microphone by the way and I couldn't even get oh now, you're fine, you're good. You don't need to move. Add f/4g are you hungry? Should we get food just putting down him? You guys get putting down a base layer. You scream at Ian. Oh yeah got the company credit card and I know he [ __ ] uses it for inappropriate. [, __, ], Ian I checked that statement every day. Okay and it's a little shifty I'm telling you sometimes I, see [ __, ] and I am watching you when we walked in. He asked if we wanted him to buy anything like on Amazon with your bird. He did I told him is ask you that oh okay I thought we that's cool. All right! I got this article. Let me get to my um. That's a lot of fun. Face book my favorite company, yeah Facebook and Abel's advertisers to reach jus haters talk about targeted advertising. Now is jus haters like an actual group, or are they saying just generally people I choose yeah here. Let me show you um wanna market Nazi, memorabilia or recruit marchers for a far-right rally. Facebook self-service, ad vine platform. Add the right audience for you. Let's see here, they enabled topics to search for such as Jew hater. How do perm, Jews boy or history of wide Jews ruined the world I mean that's the gist er II. To that there's a hair. It's only austere the illustrious history. It's called the Bible. It's called the New Testament, an old okay to test. If these ad core Gary's were real, we paid $30 to target those groups with three prominent post in which a pro república, article or post was displayed in their newsfeed Facebook, approve of all 3s within 15 minutes Jesus because they paid them. I love, [, __, ], Facebook yeah. You could pay them to do anything. Yeah yeah! You want their the biggest [ __ ] on the internet. You want anything done. You want a booth Facebook, that's where you go for boobs yeah I got all kinds of buffa nads up on facebook, its facebook.com, slash, biz, I'm, sorry, you're, right, you're right. They have a special landing page poufs, calm, redirects to Facebook, correct yeah, yeah Facebook's advertising has become a focus of national mentioned since it disclosed last week that had discovered $100,000 worth of ads place during the 2000. Oh well, all this [ __ ] I was just with the G. Oh [, __, ], yeah I, didn't read this far in no no III glanced at a headline or two that that I had similar news to this. So is this like the new like YouTube, promoting I are like YouTube running ads on Isis videos. Is that kind of like well, it's kind of different, because when you, when those ads run on Isis videos, basically YouTube runs it in bulk, so an advertiser says I want to run. My excuse me no I was in a moment was like to ever press her. Do embrace embrace okay, so like yeah, so you know there's a bulk. They says I want to run my videos across YouTube and YouTube's, like cool h3, Jack film. This guy is demonetised, but Isis got him yeah, but these guys are like I want to target my dogs, who think that Jews need to burn an internal Hellfire, really specifically targeting the the hate groups. Yes right, mark Mark Zuckerberg does not have any kind of filter in place where I call burn the Jews yeah. Let's actually think about this, though, is it immoral. I mean if there's a dollar there, if there's a marketing dollar there, if there's people out there who hate Jews, it's not like this is gonna change. Your mind, well, I mean. Could I pay YouTube to make a video about burning Jews? What do you mean like pay YouTube to go? Hey YouTube, I'm gonna make a video called burn. The Jews, Nazi Party, lol and I'll. Give you like 25 bucks. Would you to be like well 25 dot, Amin yeah, but what you wanna I think before they would now not, and it would be like a pre-roll ad before certain videos right, I, guess it's the right comparison here, yeah before you could do that. Actually you're saying before, like that populist yeah now their systems are I've actually found my own experience just putting Jew in the title, description or tags, what the [ __ ] yeah, that's a few just say: Jew like well also the LGBT [ __ ], getting to monetize yeah what the hell! What is that right? [ __ ]! That's some fifties: [ __ ] right there! Well that one that one's really confusing to me, because YouTube and Google in general seem very diverse yeah. It's it's right against I! Don't think it was intentional! It's machine learning! Oh that's the problem yeah this from talking to people at YouTube they! Actually the algorithm, is total run by an AI. They don't even understand what it's doing. I'm, not okay. With that it's spooky stuff I want to take that [, __ ] AI down. How do we confuse that thing so much that it commits suicide? Okay, I commit suicide. I, don't have you I've, seen enough of the Internet to know that like come on any any intelligent being would want to commit suicide. Interestingly enough, I have a whole article about how suicide rates are up. That I want to talk to you guys, oh yeah and I. Don't think AI would be excluded from that. No I would push for getting AI as sad as possible. Yeah yeah there was this a robot in Futurama that was like programmed to be suicidal. Yes, in that one, no who's a sad robot. That's now I haven't seen that episode. Huh, listen, we're gonna, take a break and we'll be back. That was a such a non-sequitur buzz. Dan was just like 45 minute alert. Everyone call your therapists, yeah, everybody moms come back from our sponsors who make this show possible, so don't skip it. You, son of a [, __ ], and let me tell you what else that shit's funny I make it entertaining and I make it a joke. Your ads you've got the best ads deal. Yeah, are you wearing him now? Do you almost did I didn't want to wear him, because you guys would asked me to see them and to show you, but they don't all come brown and then and then you get demonetized the old thing. No, that's fair Eric doesn't know how to pose pain. Yeah. Oh that's speaking of bathroom etiquette. I know we're about to take a break, but I walked in on a guy doing that in a bar bathroom right I'm in this bar for a guy's birthday like butters I, [, __, ] yeah, like butters, it's what I thought of when I saw I walked into the bathroom and I thought. The stall was clear: cuz when the when there's one person at the urinal I go to the stalls, so I opened the stall, and it's this guy with his [ __ ] pants around his ankle and his underwear I, just like I, like you know, getting know, he's peeing. You said he was asked was facing. His ass was facing me. He wasn't wasn't unlocked was not mind you to walk. You know he wanted me to walk in on him and then I saw him later that night and I was like man you, you can. I saw your [ __ ], but up in front today, no I didn't confront them in distance. You saw him yeah yeah, it's just like something. I knew about him. I didn't want to know right, yeah, there's a smooth as smooth smooth guys. We have the best sets. So that being said, see you in a brief moment, all right. Okay, now I'd like to give a quick thank you to our sponsors. Without their help, this show would not be possible quip. It is a slammin hot toothbrush. It vibrates, it's slick. People are calling it the Apple of toothbrushes, but without the big price tag. This is a an electric toothbrush, that is a slick, tiny little vibrating tube and it's actually really nifty, because it keeps time you brush your teeth. It lets you know every 30 seconds it stops automatically. After three minutes it was named invention of the Year by times magazine come on, I actually loved it. A lot I'm always searching for toothbrushes. That aren't too harsh and aren't too soft, and let me tell you something about quit: they hit it right. You can even subscribe to receive a new brush head on a dentist recommended three month plan for just five dollars, including free shipping. Qyp is backed by leading dentist and was named. Yeah Oprah loves it too. Apparently so quips starts at just 25 bucks and, let me tell you: good toothbrushes are expensive. I just spent 60 bucks on toothbrushes on Amazon trying to find the best one I'm like I'm, like Goldilocks, too hot too cold clip is just right: go to get quip, comm, GE, T, Q! U IP, Cobb, slash h3 right the flip. Now you get your first refill pack free with your equip electric toothbrush if you're obsessed with oral hygiene- or maybe you just want to get a fresh, clean kiss for that person in your life, I'm telling you give it a shot, you won't regret it. I do love and endorse this product. Take you quit all right stitch fix here. We go if you're a lot like guys. You could probably think of a million things. You'd rather be doing than shopping for clothes, proof that hits home between the parking and crowds at the mall and the endless browsing and lack of advice online. It's enough to make you want to rock the same t-shirt and jeans forever I'm telling you I, don't I, don't change, I'm, dumb, I'm, Doug funnie. These people are talking right to me, but you can't because women. So let me tell you about stitch fix men, they're reimagining, how to find and buy clothes, and you never even have to leave the house. It's that easy, just go to stitch, fix, calm and tell them your sizes, your favorite types of clothes and how much you want to spend and apparently they proud. They also have the size that fits my fair, unique body type, which is both fat and skinny at the same time and I know I'm, not the only one out there, gentlemen, your personal stylist thing gets to work hand, picking new clothes for you, based on your style and budget. It's like the girlfriend, you don't have, she can address you, it's beautiful! You have a girl, dress, you so that you can't get the girl. Five items are delivered right to your door. You try them on at home and you only pay for what you keep shipping's free, both ways. So anything you don't want you just send it back and exchanges are always free too. You can get your fix monthly quarterly or whenever you feel like it, there's no subscription required. It's easy. The shipping is free. Why am I give them a try? I promise you'll be hooked, call to action. That's I'm, not supposed to read that part get started now at 2:00 stitch fix comm, /, h3 you'll get an extra 25% off when you read when you keep all five items in your box. That's stitch fix, comm, / h3 get started today, guys. If you can't like me, and you can't trust yourself, you need a girl. It's a it's. A catch-22: you need the girl to get the girl stitch fix. Is that girl that helps you get the girl she doesn't want. You trust me. She's got bears thing to do. She's got a guy who's jacked and he dresses great. Don't even try to get hurt, you want the other girl and she, but she's gonna help you get there. Okay, go to stitch fix that cough, slash, h3 get 25% off when you keep all five items. Thank you to them and finally, we've got for all my lush is out. There can I get away. Oh we've got week now. Wink is a wine straight to your door service. You go on their website. You take a survey. What kind of flavors do you like when you're sipping wine, you like earth? Do you like dirt? Do you like skittles? These are not questions that aren't well earth. Earthy is one but I'm just trying to give you guys an idea. They ask you all these very sophisticated. Do you like chocolate? Do you like coffee stuff, like this and they're gonna analyze your palate and give you the best? Damn wine out there I, don't know what I'm doing when I go to a wine selection. There's all these slow, I like drinking wine I, don't know how to pick it Capisce week understands this. That's why they started the company to give access to exceptional wines from around the world, so you can have more of these special moments with the girl, who's gonna say the girl you're going to meet and you dress and the nice clothes I'm. Just talking about the whole package, we're getting you a girl, just go to try wing comm, spelled T ry winc comm. Take a brief palette profile quiz. Now your time is wasted, fit fitting in a run to the store now -. Your time is wasted fitting in a run to the store that makes sense because wink bases the wines are, did they send you around your taste preferences a week will even introduce you to a new rare and custom wines that are not available anywhere else. I tell you the dang story behind each one. It's gonna get you laid. Let me tell you about this exotic wine bottle in this fresh new. Look, listen joint for free, guys, skip any month, cancel anytime and they have a hundred percent satisfaction guaranteed. So you never have to pay for a bottle. If you don't like it. Ok now check it out for our listeners right now. Wink is offering $20 off your first order. When you go to try wink comm /h 3. Let me spell it and they'll even cover the damn. Shipping TR wide winc try week.com /h 3 get $20 off your first order. Plus the shipping is on the house. It's free, you don't like it ya, don't pay guys. So let me tell you if you want to support the show considering supporting one of our sponsors. If you want some wine, if you need some help getting dressed, you want to try to find those cuties and if you want to clean your mouth, I mean this is really a whole package deal guys you're gonna get laid. These is the gettin laid experience. So thank you to our sponsors for making this show possible and thank all you guys too, for supporting our sponsors and now back to our scheduled program. Oh my god, I mean those sound great man. Those sounds all how're. Those needs great. Absolutely this is the best pre-recorded hey, hey I just saw him do it. It was live as [ __ ]. This was live as [ __, ] yeah man sign me up. You guys really doesn't really matter. Look. We know, we've recorded it today because I know I was getting drunk with these sumbitches and there's no [ __ ] way. I could have done. Those reads sober and a company of these gifts, ters and boosters right. Would you rather it just cuts through an actual commercial for the company or the person talking about it that you tuned in to watch I, know I, know you whining [ __ ]. We have the best copy than we do the best ads. How much did you enjoy that type hundred ten fingers I was watching on twitch, while I took a [, __ ] during that seven minutes, god bless here. It was great. It was great right, it's good interest, all the things tie whatever they were, yeah no I got all I got them all. Tie the Pope bouffes and his [ __ ] flashlight, while [ __ ] in his hat in the calmest. If you like that copyright does a good hole, flashlights I think the answer is obvious: let's check it! Yeah there's a couple Bush, you know: I have to drop a couple drops left the honey I have to compliment our intern. Who is really he's getting good? We got water. Yes, yes, shout out yeah me, neither so no! No! Thank you someone now. What I'm thinking are you hungrier? Oh, this is vodka yeah right, yeah, naca, DEET, Jack, doll, I, know you're like a dainty little [, __ ], but tell me you'll eat some pizza if I order it. Oh you want you to figure I'm trying to yeah gain about ten pounds since a Europe. So you really uh oh dude, a couple of pints of Guinness today, that'll. Do it that's the trick? Guinness is a trick. I mean I. I, hear you, but as I understand it, Guinness is one of the lowest calorie beers. I, don't have it backwards, you have it backwards like drinking a hamburger. Guinness is a meal. It's like honestly. It's like 400 calories, a pint, something like that yeah. Can you fact check that I've actually curious? What are the calories I'll get us not to under by please Jen? Oh I would like that too, because I'm I'm I read that before, but I wanna be an Alexa in here I do his name is Dan. Look that up oh yeah, even better, even better but yeah dude. All we all. We did every night like we would just go out to pubs and just drink Ballmer's, again it's polymers and Guinness, and just every other at a great time. Oh, my god, it was in live music. Every night about golf Oh, Galway, Ireland I have a I. Have a I have a feedback from Ian to intern. He says that it is a 125 calories per 12 ounces. But 12 is a big boy. 1, isn't it notes, while a pint would be 16, so an is 8 ounces or oh, do I, have it backwards? It's 12, no I think at all can of guinness is like 12 like one of those like like longer taller cans of Guinness and a pint of Guinness would turn it traditionally be 16 ounces so that oh you're ready towards 200 yeah, so I'm I'm weighing why I thought it was like [, __, ], 400, I really did I was, like so sure, like opining, but 200 is surprising - that adds up when you have like ten beers, great collateral, caloric intake for the day, yeah, absolutely absolutely in that game. Over I'm sip I'm, always surprised by how many calories is an alcohol. So you always so whenever I go wow I mean like, but before I I always try to be economically conservative, not so much with the price, but but more so with the a caloric intake like like. What's the alcohol to calorie ratio? You know what I'm saying so, instead of like six beers, how about one Long, Island, iced, tea or just straight shots right and that's more efficient and it does save money, I! Think in the yes, what Long Island as opposed to six beers I'm about drunk and efficient I, do love beer, I love it I? Don't it's a fantastic little invention, I, don't love! What's your favorite beer, one more light, what you just broke is bring in some bud light's when you're done order, a [, __, ] pizza for a bar in here when we say: what's your favorite beer like when we say like go grab a beer. What's what's your go-to beer for the night, my go-to beer, you know the beer I really like is rolling rock, because it's seven dollars for a 12-pack at my liquor store, that's pretty nice and that is that's stupid. You're, not ten bucks, that's unbeatable, aw man, again, I swear to you. I've read that gas is on the light side. I am shocked, I thought doubts, but it's a little it's low on on alcohol percentage. Yes, it is if you're trying to get [ __ ] up you, don't you don't try love kisses, but it's just it's really. You don't you only I'll tell you this you'll, only like really shotgun a Guinness when you're doing car bombs yeah, you know which, which was really fun to ask for in Ireland. We always tried. So you don't do that. You don't ask for a [, __, ] car bomb when you're in Galway our lobby. Well yeah. It doesn't sound right. It's like asking for a 911 and you I got 11. What does you do in Irish accent? What's that you doing an Irish accent that let me get a nice car. Let me get a right here, car bomb, so what you know it isn't in a car bomb, though right, it's a it's just. So it's half a pint of Guinness. So they you know it's it's a it's a pint glass, but they only feel at half with Eunice. Okay and then you take a shot glass, that's half Bailey's and half Jameson whiskey right and then you, you literally try it like a Jager Bomb. You know you or any any in each slammer, you just you drop the shot glass into the into the half pint of Guinness and you chug it before the Bailey's curdles right. That's and it's delicious. It actually tastes really sweet, because the bay leaves it kind of tastes like a chocolate least. We can do that. Really. Yeah, don't tempt me because I am. Are you supposed to refrigerate that? No, not you don't have to you, don't have to really yells all the germs. I thought there was the sugars or something about the Shogun's. It's better chilled, but it's not a pastor like a requirement. It's not a health issue. Thank you! Yeah, whatever the [, __ ] I was doing magic. I thought you were the alcoholic err, I mean I, always refrigerated my Bailey's. You got a drink. Well yeah. We do we try to do, but you don't turns out, you don't have to I, don't have to ok. Well, that'd save some space for other booze sure it does alright I feel like for a 911 drink. Is there any? Like sir? Is there a national drink for Saudi Arabia? It's called the uh, they called the hi, it's called the hijacker, it's a shot in Saudi Arabia, because that should be the offensive, but just bear with me and that's just what came to mind all right. It's a shot of vodka with 12 raisins in it, the hijacker I, don't know weird make sense. They were I. Don't have to unpack that! Oh okay, now right all right, you can do a whole, like you can do a Saudi into a 9/11. You be [, __ ] up the whole party will be Slammy. Undies has just pulled out. My undies has nothing to do with this episode. I love! You! No sorry! Let me tell you something about me. Undies I have soiled myself in that underwear so many times because of this lush beautiful soft fabric. It washes right out. That's incredible. They don't write that in the copy, but this is the special sauce. Well now we know yeah it comes right now, yeah we lost them. They're back they're back I will say your hat is dope. I know that's part of the bar Avila's line. Yeah, that's good! That's! So we actually changed it in the final product. This is the pre run. Well, it's not very difficult to type or something. Yes, the pros that we we moved the teddy bear down having an inch. Okay, the more we wrote, Teddy fresh on the back. Oh that's, nice! That's really! Really nice I can't wait. Oh ILA's been working so hard on it. So I can imagine yeah. That's that's! No small business running a whoo I'm! Actually super excited. That's really go, and when did you say it was dropping? You know the end of this month or the beginning of of next one. It's gonna be here before you know it, but after that I think it's gonna be on a regular cycle. We hired like a [ __ ], superstar production manager and she is like a freakin god she's. So great, oh yes, we were were we're taking it seriously. Yeah yeah, as you should know, I actually wear a hat. If you guys send me yeah, oh yeah, yeah I just noticed you're, not in the Hat Club. Today, no I'm, not that boy yeah I'm not either, but I'm really trying to sell these guys. Don't people have large you look like a trucker dude, so it's like I'm, not truck. It's not too bad right, really, they're, not too bad. Oh now, you're hip! No! No! No! No put it back, put it back, 93, 420 and there it is yeah. Honestly [, __, ] trucker am I, am I wrong. Well, the Hat doesn't say trucker that where does the Hat doesn't yeah I get that I agree, I feel sexy as hell. I have a little bit of hair like polka neatly, you sure. Do you had a lot of hair polka dots, but a lot man hair he's a trucker that uses a glory hole yeah at the rest. Stop give me a trucker that doesn't all right come on. It's that trucker that doesn't exist. Thank you. It's a meth and glory holes. That's what the trucking business! It's a lonely job! It's a lonely! Job! Truckin! You know you got a fine love where you make it truck or make love where you find it finding glory holes. Grateful Dead head a song about that I wouldn't be sad. Know that my dad made me listen. Make me boy, I love, Grateful Dead, oh yeah, so like when you turn on. Do you there's such a weird tangent? But when you edit or write or whatever, do you listen to music or do you my wish? I could yeah I can listen to music when I'm editing, it's not attracting cuz that audio same I used to love you I, just don't [ __ ], listen to like so I, don't know! What's new anymore I know it's topical anymore right because I can't how about you would you find yourself? Listen instead, I feel like I must have tinnitus or something yes, I can't listen to silence while I work, I might have tinnitus I just wouldn't, but you can't work without so I can't work without music. That's fast, editing, I'm! How do you do that I can go to Spotify and I turn the volume down to like 25-30 percent? So it's always a little bit of you. Have like filler well, big part editing. Is you watch the entirety of what you filmed and you single out takes that you like and yeah, but you have your your video first off they're long they're always like close to 10 minutes, if not past, 10 minutes and there's a lot. There's a cutting back to you and typing you and screen capture of you typing and the sound of you typing, there's so much to edit for five passes and like the the later passes, where I'm like watching it to see if the pacing is good, five passes is like I. Do that without music I mean I often do more than that anything is the most intense part. For me, oh yeah, perfect, we're all perfectionist. You know I honestly think I'm, a better editor than I am a performer I hate, I, [ __ ] hate Sam. That was such a bad. That was like that's pretty [ __ ] bad. This was these two guys you can't P it in X, you're and I'll, doing a high-five, great minds, man great minds, but it's so true, I hate putting on the camera and recording yeah, but once I'm done I'm. My master you're, the master right you're, the master of your own domain. You you, because it's your once the editing once you open up the software yeah, you can turn a trainwreck into a [, __ ], pile of gold. It's all in the timing. It's all have you guys ever made something that someone else had to edit? Yes, how [ __ ] annoying is that and I give any give notes. Yeah I! Don't do it a lot every once in awhile? You know it's kneeling, okay, so for this one can I it like I. Don't like that, because in my head you know- and you don't wanna spill it out for someone, and it takes time. You just don't know cuz when you have control of your own footage. You know that if you don't like anything that you said or if you don't like something, you can cut it out and you can make it work mmm. But if somebody else is the master of your footage, you're saying you did like a cameo and then you leave the editing up to someone else. Oh you're, just saying like a cameo because, like in your guy's case, I trust you completely a hundred percent like anytime I film, with you guys, I get on like yeah. That's gonna be funny um, but like someone that you're working with, maybe for the first time you it's going to an actual editor in a studio, not the person that you made it with mmm like I. Did this interview with Vice land about salvia right a couple like two years ago, or something like that and when I was done with this interview, I realized that, like I, was kind of acting in the way I act when I filmed myself, where I can like cut out all the bad bits mmm, where I sound like a [, __, ] and I was just like walking around drinking beers with these guys I like slammed the whole six-pack during the interview haha sweating, my [ __ ] face off oh yeah, like we were in this back room where the Sun comes in and I was sweating. So bad during the interview and I was like guys. Can we go to another room and I was like all that footage is still fair game like if it were me I'd all that [ __ ], but they don't but you're, but yeah. Of course, fully. It's still I feel like I came across as not being a complete brush it like they did at it in somewhat it's like Airy young. They leave you're like oh, that was it. That's a lot of faith you're, putting all those faith in their hands. You got a scary. You have to be super aware when you're like we did the segment for hot ones, right, yeah right where we've done like something, that's serious, where someone else was gonna. Add it in, and I've worked with editors and like for our own videos, anxious, never works, I've tried and tried and tried I'm like okay, [, __ ]. It I'm resigned that I have to edit. My own guys are good at it. You know what works. It's super time-consuming, but it's like you know you gotta! Do it right, yeah yeah! So, in this case they have I, don't know their production is insane I mean they did a great job, editing it hot long, yeah and I. Think I was pretty good thanks, mm-hmm, but I. You know I trusted them to take care of that and they did a good job yeah. But it's yeah. It's it's scary! You don't know you don't know how you're gonna come across yeah like um, I, guess, I, don't know where the hell I was going with this I think it was and can did you guys get a pizza Dan? Can you boys of God just confirm those pizzas on the way is on its way: okay, Oh Dan, nice Oh, sultry Dan. What the [ __ ] I'd ask you to turn me on nah. We sound like you know, prepubescence in my ninth grade, I can't be next 20 years later. It's true yeah I'm gonna just be [ __ ] in urinals, when I'm 45, it's gonna, be like this 40. Sorry that feel like relatively young I, like yeah I, have so much respect for people who jump in a urinal I mean who do you know that? Does that, though, like I mean I saw one three, the married, oh really anyway, I think it was the special ed kid, but I was like damn it. This kid is his own man. This kid doesn't care the year that the you know what privacy like he'd say. He says you know what not only will I pee next to someone I said your honor I will [ __, ] and I'll stare them in the dead of their eyes. One separate and [ __ ], oh right, no man and you know the janitors got to come with some disposable gloves, smash it down yeah. You think you would scoop it up, but he was a great time. He just takes the the great out of the you neural. So do you guys want to play some Skippy's? A few big cares or no um I mean [ __ ] it man I'll, do it what smoke it? You want a bit yeah boof! It yeah turn it into a shirt. I. Think, like you, know, really complete. The circle of life look like, although it seems as if Skippy only wears gray, shirts I'm, not seeing much color in there think something happens in their word. Just loses right like what happens. The decolorization, zip it simple, yeah I mean come on man. We please get on why all lint looks gray when we all know that you know not all fabric is great. Yeah I got a question about Vsauce, hell yeah. Why the [ __ ] did they start every video with fee sauce? Who are they talking to? Oh I, actually have the awesome, I'm ollie really so. Actually, yes, I know the answer he gets. He actually as I understand. It gets annoyed when people think that they're Vsauce, the real truth is that the audience is Vsauce interesting as hey Vsauce Michael here. Well, they have to explain why feeling the world Vsauce. Actually they never impact. That means I'm like Michael I get it, but you have to unpack that. There's no more questions! You don't call yourself Vsauce the name of the channel if you're, not it's not me right right, right, right, [, __, ] sake. How are Y V, sauce I hope he watches this Michael you [ __ ], you Michael Michael, you sumbitch, you get it together! He's such a good guy, though okay, it's really slacking I'm gonna, myth, busted [ __ ]. What is Vsauce but the booth blood right out of your [ __ ], [, __ ] I got a question for you. If V stands for virgin I think that's Vsauce boom roasted boom cannon yeah, the the lint, is what I'm pointing to oh I thought. You just meant the whole audience of visa ya know: I bet they [ __ ], which would be really they [, __, ], Tory I bet you think. Vsauce has gotten my kool-aid I mean he's married, no I think he's been a long-term relationship for a while yeah, so maybe I'm so totally. Ah, yes hundred percent, what about those other [, __, ] I think like I, think that Jake [ __ ], like crazy yeah I, think so. Yeah Vsauce got me laid, oh, do tell well go on here, we go, the gears are turning a gentleman, never kisses, and so, oh, but on the podcast he does yeah. Why? What did you support? What a cocktail I have a question? Yeah we've done previously. Erick's conspiracy, corner and I know you had I mean not necessarily a whole conspiracy corner, but you did have a story about like radio beams. Yes, scrambling brains, yeah that I've loved the hell out of this is one of the craziest things I've. What can I pull it out? Real light type type in Cuba, sonic attacks, and it's it's one of the more recent stories. I think I could probably point it out. So this would be the Guardian. This is a legitimate news source. That's the that's! The most recent is scary. I did some of this on the uber ride over it's pretty pretty terrifying [ __, ] yeah speaking of vsauce [ __, ] I want to see this episode. So tell me ya know: how does that photo? You can hurt people with sonic audio, wait. What you mean that the the high level rundown what this is all right, so I mean there was [ __ ] in this article. That was news to me, even though it I've seen this new story pop up a couple times. But apparently there were people in an American Embassy in Cuba who, like one guy, woke up in the middle of the night and they're. Just like a grinding noise in his ears and it's [ __ ], like crazy noises driving him crazy. He jumped out of bed and it was gone. He was like, oh whatever, and him went back into bed and started up again like as if they're I think in the article says an invisible wall right in his room, [Laughter] yeah yeah, it's a wingding. He did one thing and a bunch of people got [ __, ] up I, don't know the number, but there was anyone. 21 is what I recall. It's a Bond villain thing: yeah used, sonic weapons to [, __, ], people's brains up and there's lasting effects like loss of hearing people have trouble with certain words: yes, balance issues that sometimes the brains, brain swelling they're, calling it a because it's going to happen. It's really scary, [, __ ]. Nobody knows what it was right right. Why diagnose it, but they don't [ __ ], they that know the extent and they're skeptical long ago. Did this happen by the way? Can we check an R? Yes, cuz I feel like it was a long time he's best. Well, this article is just posted yesterday: okay and here's the thing the guardian, this isn't like Bob's, [, __, ] flat world journaled is is the gardenia, so this is actually real Ally, and this is I mean this is from yesterday at least some of the incidents were confirmed to certain rooms with laser-like specificity, and some victims now have problems recalling specific words: the blaring grinding noise jolted, the American diplomat from his bed and a Havana Hotel. He moved just a few feet and there was silence he climbed back into bed. Inexplicably, the agonizing sound hit him again. It was F he as if he'd walked through some invisible wall, cutting straight through his room. Yeah I knew that I'd [ __ ] nailed that yeah there soon came the hearing loss the speech problems, symptoms, both similar and altogether different from others among at least 21. You called that number 21. Damn us victims in astonishing international mysteries still unfolding in Cuba, the top US diplomat, has called them. Health attacks. Is this like a new like yeah? Is health? Attach the new warfare I mean like granted. Only 21 people in the world have been reported. You know the victims of this, but I feel like that's a really scary, it's kind of like what was it like. World War one had like mustard gas attacks. That was the big like scary warfare thing now: [ __ ] health attacks with laser-like precision yeah, as if they're only couldn't like they're only controlling the bed or whatever, like the area in the diplomats they yeah. They say in the article that the if this is on purpose- and this is an attack right and everybody who got hit- was supposed to get hit the machine that would be necessary, for this would be hard to transport like it would be big and this [ __ ] right and Manhattan projects, but Cuba's crazy man like that's the way the Cubans made. This I think it's Russians, Russians yeah I mean there's probably several very big Russian presence in Cuba yeah, considering that's where they were gonna nuke us for you back out, sixties. Well, yeah! You know back the year the Cuban Missile Crisis there communists. Oh, they love ya yeah. You know when our parents, you know when everyone hated Russia instead of apologizing for the not today yeah right well, now Russia is no big deal. Yeah yeah dude. Have you seen Putin I call I, don't call him Putin I call him Putin yeah you seen his ass shirtless on a horseback yeah. He looked good justic, majest I would say it. I mean I, hope he's a twenty term. Peter yeah I bet he was a little twink when he was younger. I bet he got passed around, probably boof, so much [ __ ] I'm, trying to get us hit by a sonic attack. So we take up forever to vlog it around [, __, ], giant, machine, I, hope so I hope it's not easily transportable. Look the Cubans! It's not a rich country! They're, not developing death beams no say so. You just like got cool with them. Yeah we're all good we're gonna, give him a ton of total bono. Make like didn't know. Bono work visit like wait. Wait where's ago Obama lifted the travel ban, yeah, but didn't tron right recant. It did he that just sounds like something: he'd do I, don't know! If he's actually done it I better confirmed that I, but, like he's gone down the list of it cuz Obama did that pretty late into his presidency, so yeah I think Trump's still like around the first term of undoing everything that Obama did right. He hasn't quite gotten to the second term. You are, you sure, there's an order, though, in terms of what Trump's undoing I feel like it's just all kind of the same. Well, listen to this suspicion initially focused on a sonic weapon and on the Cubans. You have the diagnosis of mild brain injury. That sounds so much fun. Yeah, considering unlikely to result from sound, has confounded the FBI State Department's in us. Intelligent agencies involved in the investigation. Some victims now have problems concentrating or recalling specific words. Several officials said the latest. The latest sign of more serious damage in the US government initially realized the United States first acknowledged the attacks in August 9 months after symptoms were first reported nine months. This is spooky ass, [, __, ] right. This is like this hanging here, nine months or level. This is a really a conspiracy. I me the the u.s. department at FBI is acknowledging that it exists. This isn't. This is a relay no X file. Yes, we're sure, yes right, I need sure I need you're Sherlock. You were to cracking the case on the way, all right, my violin into me. What's it lucky lucky, come buff me almost spat over all your cameras. That's, oh my god! So you don't take this [ __ ] seriously enough I feel like this has been in the news for a couple weeks. I never heard this till you brought it to our attention. It's [ __, ], crazy. They have sonic weapons that they're shooting at us in real I. Don't want to get hit. What do you think like in the in the front line of a potential war, our new war, that these zaps would be I? Don't think this would be the front line. I think this would be the way that they used it here. They hit an embassy. You know if you could get this in space from a satellite. Imagine hitting that bond level. We're talking like a [ __ ] go [, __ ]. What's the space one! Is that but yeah we're like a Moonraker like levels of tearing, if you could incapacitate somebody's brain to the point where there's permanent damage from like the blocks? These are all you would do it, although just makes it just walk two feet to the left and you're okay yeah right yeah. Once you leave down here, I guess: I, don't go to your bed yeah! Oh winter! You go back to that. Bed. Quick, come on, add in all of the weather. Look at it! It's probably quite warm there yeah I love old cars. It's all they have yeah. Yeah! Sorry took me a second, you don't know. We have new technology mmm, we can take callers. Oh man, we've got oh Cubans only we've got re-own and milk. Let's bring him in soon they're gonna, say: hey milk boy. Talk to me tell me what's good. What's it great? How about yourself we're doing adult things adult things, adult themes? What's good? Yes! Yes, what's good guys! My question is: if you guys could have a shot of hennessey with anyone in history who would it be? And what would you guys talk about would be with these two fellas? They talk about what we're talking about right now, uh Cheers! Oh love! You boys yeah, fill er up yeah. Why should a stop play? What is this uh we're some in here yeah [, __, ], [, __ ], oh nice, I like that honey bud, but but one sec. Sorry, this is a multi party answer. Oh yeah, oh yeah, just you know the dirt on top of the beer cans is going into my beer. Now that's right cheers. This is what I would thanks for the question appreciate you, but actually I think if I could take a shot of Henny with anybody, it would be Kurt Vonnegut, Kurt, Vonnegut, yeah, okay, so so what slaughterhouse-five? Oh, my god he's he's my favorite author. But yes, that's one! That's probably his most famous book yeah yeah cat's cradle slaughterhouse-five, mother, night, okay, okay, so why why him and I'm really I? The only reason I know of him is because I was required to read his works and some of his works in high school and outside of that I. Never ventured beyond that because we he says we humans live in the third dimension. We don't experience time on like a scale, and so they see the fourth dimension. Like you us looking at a mountain range, every slice every moment is something they can live in for an eternity they live. They experienced the end of their existence and their birth and everything in between simultaneously, and they can basically decide which moments to live in what what you know. They have the dark moments of their great moments and they can focus on the ones that they enjoy, but they're simultaneously experiencing all of them and got such these wonderful sci-fi things that unpack such huge thoughts and he served in World War two. He was a huge political figure, a great thinker. He had like the best interesting things to say about the time: I'd love to hear what he had to say about the time the [ __ ], we're going through now, I, don't know, I, just really identify with him. I think he's a great guy. A great a great man. I really want to read that lifetime smoker died at the age of like 92 when he tumbled down the stairs smoked and drank his whole. [ __ ] life, a pack of Lucky Strikes every goddamn day Jesus died tumbling down the stairs at 92 living in September that late 80s Early 90s mm. Oh god, man lucky guy, is such a [ __ ]. Ah such a legend I, don't know, would you guys drink with hmm I would drink with Hunter as Thompson. That's a good, and he would show me how to shoot guns. Oh Conan she added them. Do you see the Randy yeah? He has a shootout with his neighbor I've seen the block incredible yeah yeah he's just like I was bowled out. The context was, can you send me that link one of you go out there yeah, like hunters, Thompson shoots it neighbor should pull it up, they're literally shooting at each other like a loud [, __ ] you, you scumbag boom. That guy was on yeah literally blew his brains out cuz he's like I'm just too old for this world football season's over or something like that was the name of his. Oh, you know: yeah he's a [, __ ] up dude right I, don't want to be him and in any respect whatsoever, but we never liked his life, but the [ __ ] that he put out was mmm when I was a young kid looking for things to read to like metamorphosize myself, oh you're, killing it here's his stuff was anything at all very helpful. The way you talk is a [ __, ], legend [Music], this son of a [ __ ], was a [ __ ] of others calles over here, and you know they have. No intention of that was weird manner of speaking. It's all very much. You know I talk about the dependence Wow. It's cuz he's always got a cigarette holder in his mouth. Oh right right, but it like became part of his drawl. You know yeah, yes, such an interesting [, __ ] guy, and he was like he when 9/11 happened. He wrote this whole thing the next day that called it called it all. He was like we're: gonna go to war or Saudi Arabia Iraq, look some drunk yeah right. He called he called I. Think the three countries that we ended up, like [ __, ] bombing, Jim, the immediate aftermath, the guy blew his [ __, ] brains out. He made like a pact early in his life, he's like when I turn, I, don't know how old he was 59 or whatever he said he was young. He called it early. He said: I'm gonna kill myself at this age huh and he did so. He just ended up in his mind, see I would rather go to 92 and take a spill down. Some stairs I mean, after all, I seems better I, I love the guy. He smoked his whole [ __ ] life in live tonight he's and he took a tumble and he's pissed out. Was he a healthy dude? You know enough about his mean he was thin. He was very tall and he smoked a lot. You know the fact that he could still walk stairs at that age. I envy that hurt in the well apparently now you could, you know, is they go stairs huh yeah? No problem got it. Oh I'm, dead, I'm thinking more of the musician era, so I would either want to have a have a pint or a shot with Ben Folds. One of my wait: isn't he alive? Well yeah. We can make that still in history. What was the question like Dead or Alive? I was just like thinking about dead people, yeah well, yeah, yeah yeah. You guys want the the morbid you know, but no Ben Folds has been a inspiration of my musically for decades. Honestly, I just love life he's awesome. He really is no I came to our College years ago, and just oh, my god, so I still follow him. You know so I did just all of my like anything piano why's that I write. It's clearly ripped off Ben Folds, let's be real um and then second, my other inspiration that I would love to have a drink with also still alive, Japanese composer Nobuo Uematsu. He is responsible for writing all the dance offend yeah. Oh oh yeah! It was that that because the Bowie Mott, so he wrote the soundtrack for like the first ten Final Fantasy games, of which I've never played Wow but listening to the soundtracks to Final Fantasy got me into writing music to begin with and smoke he's just like yeah, not beyond that I. Don't know a thing about him. I know like he he's Japanese composer, but you know he got a lot of Western influences like Jimi Hendrix and Led Zeppelin and such the hell. It's true story, but you would never know what listening to his music. It's not like his music sounds like Jimi Hendrix. It's all just gorgeous orchestrations and it's funny because, like he's writing for, like you know, 8-bit 16-bit, you know Super Nintendo and regular Nintendo, and then you can hear his work evolved into PlayStation 2, where you can finally fit a full orchestra to a CD and or DVD, and it's gorgeous and the guy, like imagine, writing 60 70 80 hours of music per game, Final Fantasies 1 through 10, so listening to his stuff, you know really inspired me. I would love to just pick both of those guys brains over a beer or two, and can you pull up one of his songs I find that such an interesting, medium I get. There was video game. Music I could do a song right now, Oh, better, no I got it. He did that dah dah, dah, dah, dah dah hold up I got some Jill or Gil Gil I've, never known how to pronounce that yeah yeah, it's Gil I would say kill. Is it gif or Jif? It's the same. [, __, ], okay, don't get me triggered it's a [, __ ], yeah, yeah yeah I mean okay. Oh the original person said gift get [ __ ] real [, __, ] changes, culture happens, culture, hack, culture will assume the right. Yeah yeah, Jeff, Jeff Jeff sounds like a [ __ ] place where you'd change your car oil. But it's also is a Gil. It's Gil, it's good! What? What does that set the current currency, a fantasy okay I was the one I played I have to tell you. I mean I, find it very interesting that you've never played the games, but your huge fan of the music would you say: fascinating. Someone gave me the soundtrack in eighth grade to Final Fantasy 10. That was the first ps2 Final Fantasy game, never play the game to this day, never even touched it, and it's just the the opening theme. It's calling - I'm gonna butcher, the I apologize people in the in the chat in the comments, but Tuesday an arc endures an arc and or whatever it's this gorgeous piano composition and I taught myself how to play it by ear to this day, I can't really sight, read very well and very slow at it, but I taught myself how to play it, because I was so [ __, ], moved and inspired by this piano piece, and now then that's that was the. That was the pivoting point for me. That's why I write music for all my videos to this day, man, incredible so I guess, there's just some final fantasy 6 music. Ah, the Opera yeah a lot of people reference the opera scene for Final Fantasy 6. So he did all this huh wrote the whole soundtracks a genius to everything. Has he not done movies or anything like that? I'd imagine, he's done, I think he stabbed an anime and got some and some films like anime films, but not not tradition, still play like Final Fantasy 7 songs in my head, yeah I can't do them with my mouth, like I did with the no but I hear yeah yeah cuz, usually things in there they're hard enough. Yeah anime has amazing music man, guys I, don't know cowboy bebop dude, you ever see. Oh yeah, yeah yeah. Have you seen hunter hunter, never heard of hunter under Islamic god, the music in that? What's that, what's the it was a genre orchestral or guitar, just weeaboo anime hardly ever show yeah that's about a bunch of kids with magic and they [ __ ], [, __, ] up and they've. Nothing like that, the music! What's the music like like the instrumentation? Is that, like oh hell, yeah and for a trip? Oh my god, one of these songs makes me freakin, jizz, dag I. Let see music can be so inspiring. Yeah. Absolutely the same way that pros can be inspiring. You know. Music is so much more accessible in a way than um. Well, it's universal pros. You know you don't have to think you'd have to do anything. You just sit back and enjoy the read limit. There's just one in particular: cuz I! Don't I, don't think my guy naboo! Oh he MOT! So I, don't think he knows. English I, don't think he speaks English, but he doesn't [. __ ] have to tunicate I, don't know if this is the one I'm thinking of. Are we on a card? Oh yeah, this is it. You know this shit's on another level and some guy just made it for an anime show right. It's like the best song ever I love that I love when people write hits every TV or or or videogames, and it's the best. You know what I gotta run to the bathroom I'm gonna run to the bathroom and they keep this plane. Alright, I'll be back in a short two minutes. Those of you who subscribe could enjoy the rest. You can watch on the [ __ ] commercial yeah right figure it out. Thank you very that came off harsh, but that's what it is. We'll talk, we'll talk over yeah being jacquard doing the commercial live yeah absolutely so today's h3 podcast was a brought to you by Hennessy Hennessy. Thank you thanks, Hennessy huge thanks to our Jose and Hennessy. What Rosa is that inner? Oh! This is uh. Note our eros name. How do you model that? Well, you suitable, son-of-a-bitch and I hope I'm looking into the right you're, not camera you're. Not it's! Probably this one over here, but god damn you look good doing it, hey Eric! What is your next while I got you here in my podcast yeah? What is your next video going to do? My next video was gonna be called the Kids Corner I was gonna. Do the whole thing like it was a kids show I mean I, saw a Chris, Reagan video, oh no, about the same [, __ ], no and I was like you created it. If you're watching this Chris Reagan way to steal my friends, ideas on how telepathically [ __ ] you yeah I met you a bit: Kanye, really cool, but [ __ ]. You, though, the the mind, pool and took it preemptively, but I I do have a thing where, if I'm, making a video yeah- and it's happened with some of the Ethan in ILA's videos too or if I'm in the middle of writing a video and I, see another video that hits too many of the same points. Yeah I bail, a mouse socks, I thought a [ __ ] beanie was that Peller top to lateral thinking, I hate that you know it's not even lateral thinking, I, think I think he just got to it. First cuz! It's something that obviously Elijah, but someone yeah yeah, it's just too soon and I I saw on Twitter he's making a new ones, so I didn't want to. It was gonna, be so funny to I, say you still make it. Man, [ __, ] I, might still make on Twitter Chris Chris Reagan has his voice. Yeah comenta kit has his own voice right. I say you do it, but I be more money yet normally that wouldn't stop me, but the beats of his video were simply too similar interests to what I was doing. That's really interesting. I hated the idea of sort of uh. You know getting into it. Yeah I hear you I hear like it would suck to make a video that cuz I was like I had finished. Writing it already and then I saw his and I was like oh [, __ ]. Did you shoot any? No I? Didn't you didn't see? That's I just wrote it okay, but that's still annoying, but it could be a lot of music I'm, not against sending him like a DM and being like hey man, I'm gonna make this by DM. Do you mean it I'm, not ripping you off? Do you mean a DMC by DM I mean D a CA and just shut him up for life yeah? It's your [ __ ] property. Now baby now he's cool I met immediately. He's a nice guy we're talking about how how Chris, Reagan just bouffes all day every day and just like he's a grade-a buffer ya met I met him. Yeah he's it have you met, you met Chris yeah, that's what we're all drinking together he's a cool guy holy [, __, ] I like that I like him a lot he seems like a good guy that was honestly I. Keep saying. Oh, my favorite night of my favorite era of VidCon was the night where I snuck out and hung out the Hilton hotel with you [ __ ]. That was insane because I got everything else. Is such a [, __ ] show that's the drunkest I've been in years dude. That was such a murder. I've never been to VidCon I thought about going this year, but I was like you missed out, I, don't know. I. We had a held down everything Adam from YMS. We had Chris break. You don't want to hang out with all those guys, but yeah I. Don't know you have to hang out with the right people. Otherwise, it's, oh! So once once my manager left I was off I I hated it I hated like I, didn't like like, and I loved I used to love. Vidcon every year was like my [ __ ] Christmas in the middle of the year, really yeah hell, yeah I was all for it, and then it just became so corporate and so like disassociated with what it used to stand for that, whatever used to stand for community polka little hotel room parties, you know what I mean like used to be the small thing where it's like yo guys meet me at room uh, three, one four and we'll just like crack open some beers and chat. Now it's like hate. You got an invite to the this party, the studio71 bar exactly and it's just show up and don't tell anybody, no bar bouncer. Can you not pull Do You Know Who I am well. That was the big! Well, you you caught me. You talked about that whole thing right: the Instagram model yeah. You talked about VidCon and you're right and oh yeah, yeah yeah with the bull the logo inside it. Well that- and there was like that Instagram model who like was a whole- you pull the whole. Do you know Oh God dirty guard yeah yeah with like ten thousand followers. He can't board. You know oh yeah, you could no, oh god! No! No! No, because because you do know who you are but listen to this. Listen, it's so bad that just a couple of years ago it was either I think it was Hank green and we all know that Hank green one of the co-founders know if not the founder of VidCon I have no idea the [ __ ]. That is so there's a bit of a booth. Did I pay him money, you have to pay him off. Did I pay him, you paid him I paid him or some way, I, don't know! Yet what about this? [ __ ] booth, sir, so this guy, so Hank green, I I can't I think he was telling the story he a couple years ago. Was you know in line for one of these parties, maker party or studios or whatever the [ __ ] collective, it's his it's his event. It's his event, honey and he couldn't get to. Is that to a party at his own [, __ ], then so great, and he didn't pull he's a he's, a better man. He didn't pull a do. You know who I am and I I'm sorry about it. We all there's no chance in hell. We wouldn't pull that card. Of course we would be like do you know who I am we invented VidCon like if we were interested his shoes I mean, but he did not and like I died. That takes great patience and control. But can you imagine if you founded VidCon and you didn't get into a party at your own convention? I would raise hell, yeah he's getting paid, though, but you couldn't it's his [ __ ] event: it's like oh cool, it's so big that I'd, you know I just so you know I fishing scrooge mcduck in his wall of gold, I feel [ __ ] my Pope hat and show it to the bouncer and go. What do you think this is? Do you know what this means? The Pope shits in his hat, but at least I get shits in his hat. No I would be upset. Oh yeah I know I'd, be furious. I, like that. The point I'm trying to make VidCon is it's a double-edged sword. In one hand, it can be a lot of fun. On the other hand, it's not as fun it used to be, because this is such it's bigger than well. It's as corporate I've never been, and my only my real pre woman I, don't know how it works. No one ever reached out to us. So I was like I, don't know. Okay, I was never invited, so I don't even know like what my axis would be cuz I'm just on the floor. If we would know that you wouldn't have fun on the floor, because people would would swap you I'm not blowing smoke up your no not like swamp yeah, no, no I'm! So famous this literally people are there who are on you. That's a fact of the myth, so clearly a lot of people. They know who we are yeah, so I don't have like any kind of special access and like what my experience was like seeing Logan Paul, you know, [ __ ], setting up a drone and setting up a mob and I'm like hiding money and I mean the this last vid go boy together. I need this piece. Where's the pizza yeah, take a shot, that'll fix it um. This last VidCon was the first one. I ever won, - yeah and I I went there and I walked around in a sea of children for about a half hour before I was like everyday I might just leave like this is obviously not. My aspect is not fun. It's not like yeah yeah, oh hell, yeah I was like I went to Google I was like okay closest bar and I found the one, and it was like right there. It was at the Hilton. I was like oh I'm, going there, then okay and then like, like I tweeted, that I was at VidCon and a couple people hit me up and I was like all right meet me at the distant bar yeah yeah, and one only hit that [ __ ] bar the whole time. Yeah I never went back. One of my buddies was working there. So here's, okay, that's actually! No I, don't know that. But here's a deal with the Hilton bar that spot exactly where I met you guys, the name where you were that used to be the hot spot for VidCon for years and years that bar that exact bar. That was like the because that's where they put up all the all the youtubers and all the creators and time called yesterday used to be there. This is the first year where it wasn't there. They moved all the. If you had like a panel or a talk or a meet up or whatever the [ __ ]. They put you all up in a different hotel that wasn't in that whole little area by the Convention Center. You know I'm talking about with the Hilton and it wasn't there. It was a drive away, so you couldn't like [ __ ]. Why I wonder why they did that? Well, I! Think just because it's been so it's gotten so big, more privacy and also just gotten so big. They can't contain everyone and fans at the Hilton anymore, so they have to put all the creators up. So we, this is the formerly we rent like a couple of floors and that in that Hilton okay, this year they rented out an entire hotel purely for youtubers. There's a lot of money in that and that's fine and it's just like I won so early on. It was kind of nice I'm not gonna lie like so Aaron and I were there. I was kind of nice. We would have like you know. I would have brunch or whatever with my manager, and we could just walk around freely and whatever. Then it was night like all the youtubers good, but then later on, like man, it just wasn't with all the parties. You know the the exclusive like: oh you got a wristband, never spend for this party going this thing tonight. That's when I was like [ __ ]. This I'm gonna go to the Hilton back when VidCon used to be VidCon right. That's where I met up with you and Chris Reagan and all those guys was so much fun, and that was the best night of VidCon. That's great. It was the best night. I. Think that part of that is you. You have to be 2110 to the bar right. Yes, no, don't apparently, oh the Hilton bar yeah mmm, like a [ __ ] 17 year old, could run up and do a shot that you had just bought some people. It was crazy. Well, it wasn't on them. There was this. If you look at schematics of the of the table, we were at, it was so far away from anybody was working there that hopefully next time is a VidCon. There they'll be carting these [ __ ] kids at these staples because I'll bet they took some some measures to say: yeah, there's gonna be some Schlitt, some [ __ ] that slips through yeah god we are I'm John. We are really drunk I'm a Heinlein here. Let me do a segue here and, let's just say, we got hit with an audio or with the humans here or what guys I'm gonna go I'm gonna lighten up, oh no, real, light, real light. Subject: man, let's take a hard segue here. Okay, did you guys know that suicide attempts in the United States are way up? No I did not they're way way up. What like this, let's lighten it up, yeah this in the past couple of years, I was wanted to. This is turning into like an episode of black mirror that bad we're having fun and now we're gonna talk about suicide- oh boy, heart heart, sorry, actually, no I. Finally, to get funding from VidCon I think yeah, yeah, first of all, like these stats were kind of I mean certainly interesting, but surprising. A lot too. So almost 1 percent of women have attempted to that's what that is. One percentile of the population. People are told suicide. Attempt, yeah and and I've always heard that it's men who are attempting suicide more go to be to that statistic, but it's actually significantly more women double that yeah. It looks like twice as many ways and then age rise yeah, oh my god, 21 to the these young kids, man 21 to 34, well, 35, ours, actually holy [, __, ], yeah, geez and then like this I'll show you what really surprised me yeah single people all distant. This isn't really surprising, but let me show you I know it shouldn't be surprised by this, but the poor people who make under 20,000 a year are way more at risk. Yeah well, I mean it makes sense, but yeah, because you always hear people saying like. Oh, when I was born, I was [, __, ], simpler and happier right right, I, hear that, but apparently that it's prostitution, almost two percent good lord I, mean that's really so 2 percent, like was so 1.6 percent of the. If I'm, if I'm understand this correctly, which I may not be yeah, what's the yeah, what the data like like uh I'm interested to find out of what so like a sample n equals 34,000 huh, actually I, don't understand this chart from being honest with ya yeah. So this is a pullout of one on the right. One thing you're gonna get out of this podcast is uh. We are you know you don't know how to we don't horseless in totally with the foot dance somebody. What's the difference for these two columns, because you've got here, I don't know if this is like over all suicides up its up right. It's a buyers, market yeah! It's a it's a killer! It's a suiciders market, but it's [, __ ], terrible yeah. What is going on what's world yeah that people are just deciding I'm gonna [ __ ] kill myself. Well. Can you blame it on just the blame it? But if you for lack of a better term, can you blame it on just the uprising global population? You know more people wants more sues, its per capita. It's a percentage, oh you're, a so that isn't reflected no, no okay, well I'm. Looking at down, so you see past your mental disorders, yeah that one's really high uh-huh, it's it's it's just not knowing your place in the world, I think it's Carter! Okay, your place in the world, yeah there's less jobs. What is the world it's harder to make connections because we're all online everyone's trying to meet people, and that's not real everybody like there's, never any reason to kill yourself. No, ever no ever yeah, you know whose bogey had a really really awesome analogy on Twitter the other day he said when you like, when you kill yourself you're or when you commit suicide, you are completely limiting the option there. The potential for happiness like we death is a guarantee suicide, completely rules out any potential for betterment. So why bother and I thought that was like it was so concise was better put than I just did, but it was extremely concisely, beautifully, put and I loved that well, there's this one line from a Clint Eastwood may think it's once a time in the west. He says: what's it like killing someone and it's Apple world killing yourself, he says it's a I, think killing someone you take away. All everything they've got and everything they'll ever have hmm, so you're doing that I mean but I mean I've, never been I've, definitely been in dark places. In my life, but I mean man, you've got a listen, I can put myself there, yeah I mean we can't we yes, like we're, barely qualified to talk about this yeah, but I mean do people have a right to kill themselves. No, not unless you're like 92 years old and you're. Looking at a flight of stairs like well there, it is right, Bonnie, guy style, yeah I feel you. You laughed I heard that laughs, that's well assisted suicide is certainly something yeah, yeah yeah suicide, roller coaster or the euthanasia. Is that an actual thing? No, no I, don't think it's an actual physical, that's all theoretical, but I've heard that yeah we're it's like 7 or so loop-de-loops, each gradually alone, you just like lose it's sort of like pain, painlessly, yeah, kill yourself, I've, seen graphs of that, but I mean it's. The crater that you leave in your wake is is like, in my opinion, not ever worth it, but if your life is so, if you're just living in a state of total misery and suffering and torture, mm-hmm right is it is it? Is it a selfless? Is it a selfish acts to take your life and leave that that way, yes, and that you think so, yeah selfish? It's a [, __ ] selfish thing! Well, what if you're in such pain, you're about lady? If this is sorry, there's not to be a hard left or anything, I make a hard left, but Lady Gaga had to very recently cancel an entire tour or a concert in somewhere in South America, because she was in so much pain. She suffers from a very uncommon disease with um muscle, pain, nerve pain, something like that and like that sucks yeah, you so imagine me and so yeah, that's a real thing. I just saw on Twitter the physical pain, yeah, yeah, um and I. Don't know if it's constant I know I know very little about it, but I heard another pot. Another radio show something about that, though yeah it exists, yeah, so I, don't that's why it for me, that's when it becomes really really gray well in a way why you look at people with anxiety and oppression who are living in constant mental mental yeah right cuz, we unlike it, we it's very easy for me and for us to say, like just selfish itself. It's like suck it up. You know I'd, really conflicted with that. It's like yeah like we're. Not we don't experience constant, we're very fortunate. You know I guess, but like we don't experience pain this is this a human condition or is it a symptom of like a sick world yeah that people are so many people are choosing to end their own I? Can't imagine anyone kill themselves because of the world, it's all, but it was the conditions yeah. It's the conditions that the world brings like like I was saying before that you have no, you there's no purpose to find for yourself, there's no mate to fund for yourself, your house, all things you tell yourself, it doesn't mean no, but I've heard it said. There's like oh, we got pizza, thank you and so there's like there's there several factors. My reason to live thought we got pizza. I can't talk about depression right now, but there's there's several thank yous. When, when talking about like did you guys get pizza out, there doesn't matter I'm, afraid uh? What do you guys want out there? Cheese? Oh you guys, don't you mean wow wow, don't make me beg yeah. Like I mean you know, we could talk for hours about the reason behind suicide and really it's [, __ ] alien to us really yeah. All hope to do is just to be like. Have you ever gotten a message from somebody? That's like hey, I've, been feeling really down and you helped yes in the most basic of yes examples like you see something like that and you're like oh well, I, don't know what you're going through, but whatever I did worked. You know what I take those message with a grain of salt: oh yeah, really because I don't think that someone who's actually like clinically depressed and suicidal look. This is kind of Sarah I mean I, don't know a lot of people just already crazy, a lot of thing to do -. So a lot of people just want your your attention, mm-hmm and so and I. Take that stuff of the grand stalkers I. Okay, I, don't want to take over my head. I hear ya, be like very easy for that. Savior, though, if you look at there's some people out there who are like I, [, __, ] I have saved so many people's lives and it's like I, don't want to touch it to go to my head right. That's I'm just out here, I'm making videos, if you think it's funny and you enjoy it. I appreciate that, but yeah you're not setting out to try to stay, fly right. You're, not you know, that's not the end game. No, it's a nice. You know I, guess, side effect or like a bonus. If it's true, that's not that! That's not why you and I do I'm, not I'm, not as [ __, ], Saint, no I'm doing my job. Yeah I mean the fact that we're here eating pizza and talking about suicide, yeah I think proof that we're not [ __ ] sore, no matter you shouldn't trust us I'll, get you out of any dark spots right, but that comes from within yeah. Absolutely there's like there's like a couple of different major things: okay, there's like employment relationships, that's all I can think of I'll bet, but certainly she's out there. It's hard. It's a tough world. I think relationships are, is a huge thing, because I feel, like we've seen enough movies and TV shows that we're all entitled we're all entitled to find our soul, mate or whatever. That means we're all entitled to find our one. So if something goes wrong, if a bunch of dates and tinder swipes and matches go wrong, I bet that's really [ __ ]. What's the word like you can get really disenchanted or like really like I'm like I'm butchering this disenfranchised, but I feel like that. Can really messy what mentally into thinking like. Well he's good enough! You know why not me, you know, and in that taxi moment get real. I know when I was in college. Yeah I was in a I had like generalized anxiety, disorder and probably depression. I, don't but I was super super in a dark place and the thing that cured me was getting into this relationship with ela, where I had someone to confide in and when I was having really troubled dark times. I could tell her and talk to her about it and like having that release of emotion. You know I think, is what really got me out of that rut. You guys ever done. Therapy I actually have not yeah I'm done Jack. Have you every I mean but I'm sure it's a good on. No but therapy's worth it yeah worth it. It well because like well, who the [ __ ], cares what this person thinks of you you're paying them right. You get to say whatever you want and and I think that when you put those kinds of words in front of you, you can see them for what they are, and you can see that they really are just your imagination in a lot of cases, getting the better of you and and that's the worst part about depression and these suicidal thoughts you're being tricked into thinking this you're. Not your mind is like you're that I'm feeling that way, but you know you're tricking yourself into thinking. People who kill themselves I've heard often are afraid that they're a burden on their friends and family and that's why they do it, which is never the case. It's not the case, but it's that mental illness, a mental illness mental illness is, is a wild person by person dragon that is ferocious and eat you up from the inside, and it's tough to put words to it and I. Think that's why a lot of people sort of just go it [, __, ] it and and do themselves. Well it's sick because you become your own worst enemy. It's like you're, the one that's making yourself suffer and it's just like you begin to hate yourself yeah. It's like what the [ __ ] am I doing to myself. Yeah I mean hey I smoked cigarettes, so I'm, basically just slowly killing myself and you know I, don't know whoa now, I'm gonna drop that one oh [, __, ] I, can't I can't I can't compare that to what people with depression feel, like you know, is knowing that. There's no comparison there it's a terrible beast. Then you need to talk to somebody yeah therapist. If you're impressed don't have dark thoughts therapy, it's not a shameful thing. My mom wanted it. :, hey mom you're on there hi! Well, you know you guys were talking about suicide and I wanted to chime in because I had a personal experience when I was pregnant, I had thyroid cancer, no once it was removed, they put you on synthroid, which is a synthetic thyroid medication that you take to keep you balanced and a lot of people that are suicidal. It's a chemical imbalance. What happened to me is after I had my surgery, I had no more thyroid tissue and the amount of thyroid that I was taking before was not enough and I woke up one morning and I thought. If this is what life's all about I I can't I can't live and I thought to myself. This is crazy. I just had a baby, I should have everything to live for, and so I called the doctor and they changed my thyroid medication. They upped it by a lot and it was almost like someone turning on a switch. It was go ahead. What were you gonna? Ask? Oh, no, he just said jeez yeah it was. It was insane. I was literally thinking about how I was going to take my life yeah and then, and then I realized. This is crazy. This should not be happening and that's what I called so you actually had like on the side of bottles. Sometimes they say symptoms. Side effects may include suicidal thoughts. No, no! No! Well! Maybe in my case it wasn't a symptom. It wasn't enough thyroid, because your pituitary in your thyroid gland are your two major glands and when you don't get enough of that particular chemical, your body is lacking whatever it needs, and you know it can. It can make you lucky. So in your case, you had quite literal chemical imbalance, that's right and dad and I actually had a friend who just got married. She had a chemical imbalance. Two months after she was married. She committed suicide. That's so having a chemical imbalance is very real. You know I'm sure, there's there's so many it's irrational right. The the desire to take your own life is an irrational one. It's yeah, it's well like I, was feeling that. Why am I living if this is what life is about? I I don't care to live it. What was it I'm actually just curious again inside your head, like what was it that was so compelling about that thought and I felt useless and I felt like I had no purpose and I just felt a huge void and I didn't understand it and I just thought. If this is what life is, I really don't want to live it yeah yeah yikes is right. The process of fixing yes. So for someone who just has a chemical imbalance, you know they might just check out right. You know so there's Kim, you know I'm so glad now the way that the insurance is with the Affordable Care Act, that mental problems is considered just the way. You know someone like with a broken arm. You know it's very real. What before it wasn't, you know a lot of people didn't get. They didn't get the care they needed, but it's a very real situation, so I just thought. I'd come to your conversation thanks mom yeah! Thank you! Yes, that's and how are you feeling? No mrs. clay? How are you feeling now? Okay, she's, alright she's good? That's good thanks, mom. That is enlightening. No that's great yeah! When you hear the phrase chemical imbalance, or at least like me personally, when I hear the phrase chemical imbalance I, don't think much of it I'm not actually thinking it's a literal imbalance like it's a physical manifestation that can be righted. I, like that's incredible. Your brain can I, do not know that my mom, that's crazy, my god! It's it's a great anecdote because she actually like the three of us, don't know what the [ __ ] were talking about. Why should we are in no way trying to solve the problem or anything like that? We curate suicide. Simply our hot takes based on yeah percentages and everything yeah, but to hear from somebody who's actually had a chemical imbalance, who's gone through those issues. That's it tells you a lot because I mean now she's she's happy. She has you to look for and hey at the very least right. She has you to live for it right. Damn that's I mean yeah, so it seemed I bet a lot of times. Suicide comes from. It's just super irrational yeah, it's hard to it's, it's weird. To think that your thoughts in your mood and how you see the world the lens is, is not even really kind of out of your control. Grebs yeah, our brains, are far that [ __ ] fragile man like God when you're four years old, you could get any kind of phobia, /, fetish, /, stalking from anything anything for life. As an adult, you could spend the rest of your life peeing with your pants around your ankles yeah. This is something but not well. I've, seen yeah yeah, um, yeah, I'm, afraid of balloons. You know what I mean and yeah it like I'm, guessing that it didn't just go from zero to fixed. That's been a situation. She said it was like a turn to light on yeah, but something yeah, but but then it was it yeah she mentioned and they corrected it. You gotta say something yeah. You have to say. So that's the biggest thing. If you want those dark thoughts, if you have all that talk about it, you have to talking about there. So would it be a manifestation yeah, the [ __ ] face for know? It's you and me getting start from there. It's a really symbolic thing of getting it out of your body, yeah yeah, absolutely the thing Mike! Is it working life, [, __, ] sake, Sarah, okay, we're good I was just gonna say when I got hit the hardest. With my anxiety, I held I was like oh I'll tell you what I was thinking at the time. What didn't want to let my fan I thought I was going schizophrenic, yeah I didn't want to let my family down and I was afraid. Just by saying it, I was making it real and so I held on to it, just hoping that it would get better for like a month and I kept getting worse and worse and worse to the point was like almost certain that I was fully schizophrenic and I only got better the point where I started actually talking about it to my parents, yeah yeah, I, don't know and I think that's really the takeaway. If anyone's out there feeling having some rough times, I. Think communication. You know if you don't have someone that you can talk to and in in in your life, go to a therapist and, at the very least, there's suicide hotlines that are free. Those are people who care and they want. You can talk to be on hold like their job is to you're, not some [ __ ], like special case for them no they're used to talking to people with these projects. There's a lot there's the negative stigma still like I mean as internal it's a great week, yeah weeks, you know it's not it's it's a it's something that you need to it's out of your control nine times out of ten. You need to put a face on it. You need to figure out why it's happening. So what happen? Twenty? What happen? When you talk to your parents about it? Well, it was like the beginning. I mean it was a long road but like I talked to my parents and I I didn't get therapy, but I went to a psychiatrist just to like get a diagnosis and she's like you're, not schizophrenic. Okay and I was like that's a relief right right and I would I was literally like three days away from going to college, so I didn't even have time to get treated but she's like you're. Not schizophrenic, probably have generalized anxiety disorder. She recommend getting a therapist there, I didn't do it I, don't know why, and it was just really a matter of time and then I think the the real turning point was when I had this trusting relationship with the other, where I could talk to someone about it, you know. What's our like art, you know that yeah whatever yeah, it's the it's the skeleton of what happened there, though it can be applied to anyone. Anyone who's having dark thoughts, talk to somebody yeah, so the you know if you're gonna, if you're gonna, go down that road talking to somebody. What's the harm, no [ __ ] arm, if you're a long way, here's the thing, here's my the way I was thinking at the time, if you're so bad that you're actually thinking about killing yourself. What do you have to lose by trying anything at that point? Yes, yeah? Yes, that's great way to put it like, you think, Abraham Lincoln ever thought about killing himself, maybe I, actually I read that he was extremely depressed person, really really that true. Yes, all right, hey man that guy's on our [ __, ], big currency, hey how about that movie! It I haven't seen it yet. I'm gonna take a leak. Actually, so I'll be right. Back I'm too much of a [ __ ] to see I can't it was actually not that scary. Really, it was just a really good movie, really yeah! That's what I liked that was in the book. It wasn't the book, but I think they left it out of both the miniseries and the 2017 movie, all right. Here's the thing I have to pee -. Should we take a break? Oh man make that three all right guys we're gonna, go [, __, ], urinate, we'll be back in Asia together. Two minutes, god bless you don't leave something terrible will happen to you and your family guys. How many lives did we save today? Oh, my god, it's fine great to my head to mine, we're saviors and saints, and if the Pope shits at his goddamn hat I fart in a blanket I'm, just sayin I'm gonna update my Twitter bio to on September 15 saved saved thousands Jesus saved yeah. If Jesus saved, then I'm Jesus, good well put the morphine boost. We'd have even more population. Here's what I love about you guys! Try poofing today can I tell you what I love about you guys, yeah go for it. Sometimes I have guests on here and it's like so hard to have a conversation like I'll shoot something to them and I get like a one-sentence answer: I'm like all right, I've gotta fix it. I'm I've like and but you guys, I mentioned suicide and we're [ __ ] launched off for 30 minutes. It's a beautiful thing. No, we love to blow v8 right. This is exactly what I'm talking about. Try saying that to locate all day: [ __ ] when I back to that related to booth in at all yeah my ass yeah, okay. So, by a long-ass time ago, I made this this video I did like I used to do a series called your grammar sucks. So for like the hundredth, we don't know about that. Why did you I don't want to like, like start and be like you you're like, but like I? Don't why I still for the hundred? What do you mean used to I'm trying to bring it back? What's that next one coming out yeah yeah yeah as soon but for the hundredth episode it was like feature-length. It was like an hour long, so this is so honestly all to fill that time. I had to shoot with everyone that was anyone. You know like I, did everyone and for forever reason, I never hit up you guys, because I don't think I knew of you guys back then, but I mean, like you know, if I were making it now, of course, yeah. Oh well, that there's that too um we were but uh. Oh, oh yeah, you're notorious stay in the shadows. Ya know but like I, bring it up because I'm like so, you talked about like guests that were like hard to really save more than a sentence. That happened to me a lot so like there are some guys you know Eric pops on we shoot for like three hours and we're just drinking just shooting the [ __ ] and I love the videos you guys made together. Oh, we have so much fun. I tend to forget the cameras on right, right, yeah and yeah, and then there are the guys there are all these pretty boy youtubers that I collaborate with and your grammar sucks 100 and they they one word answers that I'm trying to like make small chat so I'm setting up the cameras, I'm setting up the camera and the lights and I'm trying to like make him feel at home. You know before we get into like you know, work mode and they're, not giving me nothing. They're, not giving me help be help. You thank you and it's impossible help me I'm, not looking for one a this is a podcast we're having a conversation again toss me a [ __ ], don't toss me about like like this is only as much fun as you make it right. So I can relate to your two guests that you may have had that. Just don't know how to carry conversation. Could I blame up. Yes, am I gonna keep suicide stats. I'll disagree the whole time. Yes, yes, no, dark I just want to remind everyone how, anyway, we were talking about it. Let's take a shot. Let's take this to us this. This episode ends when we're basically passed out. Yeah we're all gonna be in the stairs no and here so this is long right. Thank you. This all goes as long as you guys are willing to to hang through this to an end. To now turn it on turn it off. Mmm tuck it in and have a laugh, have a goof. Have his videos I think that was George Carlin's stand off. You know turn into an off I. Would you have a bit away? Can we take note of just how much of this we've had pretty good, not even a bottles worth so we got always cheers boys cheers to to twitch to the h3 podcast a school hey to talking to people in my right, hey, nothing! Wrong! Look at humans are we're social creatures, whether you like it or not. We really really are. We are evolved by society and community. Yet, and it's in our [ __ ] DNA you gotta talk, you gotta talk, I, love that that's. Why that's why the internet is so popular became, avoided, anti, sits a platform for antisocial people, so talk anti-social, extrovert, as Kendrick Lamar says, hold on intra antisocial extrovert, that's okay, crime, okay, I, like that I guess could be both you could be. Everything works! Well, the internet. You can't I find myself on the internet. Sometimes I'm, extremely social yeah I go to a party I'll [ __ ] lurk in the corner, not say [ __ ] to anyone yeah, but she can't make it a [, __ ] karaoke tomorrow night, so that's cool, oh that's! Right and now I can yeah can't make it this [ __ ] guy can mom a girl's, gonna be a party. It's tomorrow, it's yeah. It's my that already happened. Yeah I can't make it yeah if, by the way I mean I meant the putting on the on the spot earlier. But uh Adam from your movie sucks is in town in November. Always is I really wanted to go to The Price is Right, wait! Wait. How does that work? He has like a ticket and it's free right. This fruit yeah, you just sign up yeah, but that is yet. You have to get in line like sucks, but how come is guaranteed? Go together? We can guarantee go together if we all just go together, but yeah I'm, Hank green, you go call up, call up your boys and be like hey we're coming in true for flying in hot drew, hey it's it's Ethan! This is Ethan. Does Ethan we're flying in hot? How many followers does the price is right, Twitter account half that's all I'm, saying not more than all of us combined, probably that's what I'm so more! Maybe maybe they have more, let's find out card. Let's do it? No, don't [ __, ], crazy, fun! It's a crisis right! If you're watching right now we're coming! For you know if I'm coming [ __ ] up -, the price is right, shouted sure, Carrie and shout to Bob. Barker price is right. On Twitter has 210 thousand followers? Are you [ __ ] kidding message losers: hey have your pets, spayed or neutered, all right, I, love that know you Brandon they're such a random, shout-out I, got to say out of all the causes in the world right, that's the one that you go for it I mean I like animals, but goddamn I'd like to pull the audience right now to see if they really feel like they're hanging out with us or if they're, just watching three adults get wait. Probably the let I mean it's a healthy mix, um what's true! Well, sometimes fat guys get skinny and it's weird yeah, no I think he looks normal. Now like it was. It was to see the immediate you still weirded out by absolutely Jax, like [ __ ], that skin with whose line and I watch the occasional episode a sitcom right. You know he's joking he's joke he's the fat jolly man not be jovial. I, know then yeah, but he's got that skinny tall mic now and remember that mic used to be really fat. No, but I'm sure this looks great but I'm sure it was always like the this like. That was the thing in the 70s too. If you ever watched the Game Show Network every like you know, sleazy looking game show host Adam, like you know, like they're, holding it down here right. Somehow the mic would be long and thin. Gonna give my guests a little kiss like that guy, who always like Christie, Steve, Harvey, no Harvey, definitely kisses the contestant. You can't say that on television you know that man yeah I, know that mean how about Bill huh. How about that guy could break a couple. People Marad we're on a [ __ ]. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you guys pity laugh I'll take my dad. He does that and- and we have a what's up chat group with my whole family uh-huh and when he's just like the king of dead, jokes, really bad jokes, and whenever he drops a dad joke and somebody says Amol, he always says. Thank you like written out. Thank you. Why? That's even better! Thank you that makes me so happy. That's what I have to look forward? We're gonna win a [ __ ] Streamy with this podcast right. Can we please get some string? Babies Emmys, you I, don't want any awards. You can't say that on television Peters, no, no backing up on the streamys correct me if I mean, if I'm incorrect, which I'm not but you had some choice- words on Twitter, oh yeah, about 3 mese. Do you want to go in on that or not I respect you? If you die I understand we got nominated for a comedy. Well, I actually want what I said was like any awards because online they always have these awards. It's such a scam where they're like you're nominated right today and you have to beg your fans to come spam. Our website with votes and therefore increase our profile and ad revenues so that we could market to brands and get Adsense. It's not a real vote. You don't have an academy, you don't have a group of people who decides amongst themselves. It's yeah any awards, show that leaves it up to a fan. Vote is a total freaking scam, especially online I, think all award shows are [ __, ] horseshit in the first place, but I agree at least history to the judges right. If you have ten people who collectively say this guy's wins an award in comedy versus who can who can beg most shamelessly on Twitter like I? Remember, a thewe see - a couple years ago was not for like show of the year and he he was so shameless in his plugging and he won by the way and he's like he was doing giveaways, where, if you vote for me after the giveaway and it's like dude, you didn't really win that award. You just have no shame. Yeah. Are you dissing on my man? Phousi? Yes, did you know he's like the Muhammad Ali of tuna and the two pocket and the Gandhi and the Malcolm X of the Internet he's basically, according to his boots, his way across YouTube like no one's ever booth before and if there was ever a pope had to [ __ ] in he's [ __ ] shat. Now, if the Emmys are like some sort of like gross anus of like self padding on the back right, the the any of that [ __, ] you're describing is like a prolapsed. Anus grow all fully see the whole thing. Oh well, you just have to beg for it. Alright, that's how it works. You ever seen a sea cucumber! It's like that! Yeah! It's like those things you get the gift shops at the Smithsonian. Where, like it's like a woman in it- and you say this- would make a really good fleshlight yeah I never thought that as a kid as I couldn't get boners. Yet that was as soon as as soon as I get boners. I. Look back on those things like my dick in one of those, but my first thought because I never had money as a kid, my chance to get money like seven bucks night, but my first thought was always like I would like to put my dick in this yeah god, yeah I could luck. This I could [ __ ] it I could [ __, ] I would think that about the the Triceratops Kyle and well about that's your how you swing that way. Where, where would it go? I'm, sorry where'd it go into. Try. Sir life finds a way hole somewhere where you [ __ ] it well anyway, about this dream he's, apparently, the only ones that are up to fan voting is like to so the comedy one is actually up to some [ __ ] dudes in a small room. Congratulations jerk off into each other's face, but but you got nominated judges. Yes! Well, congratulations! You should take it right in there. Thank you, I mean hey chances. Are you guys are gonna win, no I think lies a woman, cuz I wanna, Liza Co. She I think she's. Gonna know I think she deserves it. I I, don't know I can't, say well, I know every, but I haven't seen her stuff I. Just like you guys. So, yes, if you are ace, you know it's you or no. Let me tell you if you were at [ __, ], squishy joined this myth. Sony and I. Put my dick in you, I know, I know, and you tell that's why we're here, mmm he'll is gone, will be you're a prison mate. Take it out inside out on the scale of time of Vonnegut falling downstairs at 92 years old. We are a couple stairs down from you. I think this is the most and Bonica has been referenced in especially his death. He lived as he died, yeah tumbling, tumbling, tumbling, nice, nice, that's beautiful! It really tumbled into those wonderfully worded tales yeah. He sure did he cut his way through World War, two uh-huh. He tumbled his way through life yep and he tumbled his way right down those stairs day after life and then legend has it he's still tumbling to this day a poetic, humble house, five miles, wow wow. You really shoehorn that this is sponsored by audible.com. Actually not, but I feel like I might have turned some sponsors off to my show, just by making have like loop box or loot crate, whatever the [ __ ] is going to work with them, but it's like yeah, it's a very specific box of [ __ ] yeah I mean that's not a bad thing. I thought is this [ __ ] all the time. Look! It's objectively! A boxer, yeah I get boxes of [ __ ] in the mail constantly, though I'm getting a giant Enter key in the mail any day now Oh from yeah yeah, where you mash it and it still plugs Lewis beep. What are we talking about? It's like a big pillow, yes, sounds like an enter button. It's not a wedding gift. Yes, I read it quoted or whatever the [ __ ], how it works on reddit, where you type you slash, comment ticket and one of the sub reddits that was like I need it. Yeah yeah, yeah you're, like it's a giant, enter button that that is not a box of [ __. ] though it is, that being said, loot crate great people, great great people, hey hey great; they want to sponsor me again yeah. That would be, though, I'll take money. Let me say guys: I, miss, loot, crate any anytime like a call from Grace and grace and talk to me up grace tell me what's good. Who are you? What are you doing? Where are you going with life? Speak to me, tell me: what's good I can't hear them? Oh there you are there. You are so first just really quickly before my question, going back a little bit, Ethan I just wanted to say: I found you in ela this summer, right after a really hard event in my life and to really laugh again after that was one of the best things. Anyone could give me during that time. So I wouldn't say that all those kinds of messages you should take with a grain of salt, because trust me like it was it was so refreshing to laugh again. That's one! That's really nice! Thank you for saying that I think it's mostly just a self-defense mechanism of me being like I. Don't want to feel I'm afraid of getting it to my head and being like I'm, a [, __, ] Saint right I, really appreciate that, thanks for saying that yeah yeah um, and so my question and I'm sorry to get serious again all right, so I really related with your story about your struggle with anxiety before you met Ella and I was wondering how you got to where you are today and how to cope with your anxiety. Now. Okay, thanks for the question and the really nice comments appreciate, it I think that, like with depression, anxiety, there's always a road to recovery. Yes, but it's often long and it is challenging you know, and this in, like the world, we live in everybody's. Looking for quick fixes, I'll take some that actually have a beer. I was looking for a quick fix right, yes, yeah take a pill and you're like oh, my god, like my mom, said how she took a pill on the light switch right like that's what we all dream of happening roses, it's off. It's a journey and for me like it started when I was I, was smoked. I I, don't like smoking weed in high school and my friends were smoking weed and so I felt like oh I'm, gonna smoke, weed, yeah, hmm, and for me, for some people, it's great some people, it doesn't work. I was one of the people. I was really confident in high school and I smoked, weed and I smoked, weed and smoke weed and to the point where I felt so alienated for myself and so confused and so unhappy with the person I became that this anxiety started building up and one day it broke like a floodgate and I had like this full-on panic attack, and it took me years to even understand what happened. It's a real long journey. You have to be willing to kind of face your demons, you know, take a little good. Look, a good, hard, honest, look at yourself and understand like why, like what's the root of this right, what the [, __ ] is actually going on and confront this and I think part of doing it's. It's all. It's almost impossible to do by yourself. The you have all these thoughts and all these negative emotions. Circling in your head, you have no perspective on it. Everything when I was in my most anxious every small thing that I had ever done. In my past, every little thing became a [ __, ] mountain of of like guilt and depression, and it was just like I felt impossible to overcome, but it's not until you can start communicating that and and working through that with an external source which in my case, was ela, someone who had trusted someone who I could talk to without judging me and who could had like a unconditional love for me that I was able to confront those and work through it externally. Because in your mind, you can't really look at it logically and objectively, because everything feels so real and intense, and so it's like every time. First of all, I would tell her about it and just say like hey. This is part of who I am and what I'm going through. Okay, so that's part of it, and then I'd have good days and bad days when I'm having bad days, I would say: hey I'm having a bad day. This is why and I would talk about and I'll get it out, and it's really just this whole thing of getting it out right and and thinking about it externally, because you got it, you have to get it out of your body. I thought about. It's like you have to let it evaporate in a way it's like a pool of [, __, ], negative sludge because it builds up yeah you got to let it evaporate. You got to let it kind of float. How do you and like gasoline right yeah? Yes, it needs an outlet, it can evaporate, it needs Heat. Any sunshine. Ela was my sunshine, but it's a metaphor, but I think it's enough. You need that extra energy. You need something. That's gonna, stimulate it and and and stimulate that evaporation, yeah yeah, what's up was that quick in the process as catalyst right? Thank you. That's it! That's exactly now not everybody's lucky enough to have someone like eel in their life, and if there are outs there are like even yes there's that person there are always there's always mediums to get like. You know know like what, if it's drawing you know or anything, you know like any talent or popular, just something, there's always an outlet there is. You need an outlet, you know. If you don't have some like Ella, you get a therapist right. You find someone I thought, there's always there's a lot of great people out there with good kind hearts who want to see you get better. If it's someone on the other end of a suicide hotline therapist it's their [, __, ] profession for Christ's sake, yeah, there's, no shame and going and talking to a therapist because they do genuinely care about you. The only thing is they got to make a living. I do feel like it's. That therapy in itself has become less and less of a stigma. It's just awesome. More people are just it's just become more socially accepted. I think everyone should have a therapist, even if you're a completely normal human being she stole. If you can it out, [ __ ] go to a therapist talk to them about I, think matter. What you've got problems everybody everywhere bust everyone's following are no exceptions. Normal is you can't look at the world and go everybody's perfect, but on man, but it's wrong and shy. You tell yourself that would be a fallacy. It would be a policy, it's probably what a lot of people think - yeah! That's right! That's what gets people dug into these trenches of like self-pity and horrible feelings is like you're like everyone else is normal. They got their [ __ ] together. Why don't ya? There's no such thing as normal, we're all in saying. Normals like this. This idea we have in our head of what you're supposed to feel like or how I used to feel I feel like twelve, should be a really dangerous place, because everyone almost always wants to tweet about their accomplishments and their highs and their happy moments, and when you see enough of that, you get a case of like FOMO. If you're missing out- and you get a case of like man that guy's life is perfect, what am I doing wrong? Nothing he's just leaving out all the bad [ __ ]. You don't see that on Twitter yeah yeah, they write it into their stuff creatively. Yeah, like you, look at a pretty much any goddamn, TV show and you're watching the yeah, the inadequacies and the failings of the person who's responsible for it playing before you, but through other people's mouths. All right I say these people are completely [. __ ] up right, yeah right, like American Horror Story with guy Ryan Murphy yeah that guy's got to be [, __ ], where the hell do you think that's coming from so I, don't know, I think you just gotta lie guys. We said earlier, if you're, if it's so bad, that you're, like I'm, gonna, [, __, ] and kill myself well, take that and let it feed your your desire to get help, because if it's that bad, you got nothing to lose nothing to lose, go for it. You know what it you can only go up right, I mean it's rock bottom from there, so go up, and and and if you're, that deep and dark, like you said you have only better days ahead, yeah by by continuing giving shots. You know your potential for happiness and betterment becomes zero. If you take that route. So, by not like the classic sinks, is you know time, heals all wounds and to an extent I do I do believe that yeah, like especially if you're young yeah, oh yeah, when you're, when you're like when you're in high school and even college I, remember the the jokes I made in high school I. Remember the friends I had in high school I, remember weird [ __ ] that I saw like and but when I think about it back towards then like I, also remember the things that, like stressed me out sure the things that I worried about they're, nothing, it's yes, it's nothing! Yeah high school is a nothingness. Absolutely! If, if you fall into that, you just got to remind yourself that college is next and that's when you really get to get [, __ ] know yourself, no I mean besides the dick way like that's that's. Where I found like high school is my nice long awkward phase I was in marching band and you know I didn't get a lot of slizz in marching band. True story can believe it, but it was it wasn't until the hollows, where I found myself and like college, is where I realized. What I wanted to do and that's where I made friends and I'm still friends with to this day that I'm inviting to the wedding. You know, because that's and that's not to say that that's gonna be the case for everyone know there are a lot of people are way closer to their highschool friends and their college friends or its d50. And for me it's it's all college, but like there's all there's going to be a time where you really find yourself whether it's high school or college, or before or beyond, or even in your 30s or 40s, there's no limit. There's no limit. You really seek out most famous comedian out there. Yeah dude never even had his break until his 40s, that's pretty cool. He was nobody pretty much until his [ __ ] forties, but the whole time he was trying. He never gave up right right. You know that's inspiring [, __, ] I'm, just saying and through what a divorce had a kid. Yeah am I right or am I just I'm. Assuming there was a divorce and a kid in there. There's a divorce. There's a kid yeah like I, don't know yeah, it's awesome, it's never too late. Yeah I got another call for Pete's matter. Epochal ex nice. Hey apocalypse. Talk to me tell me what's good: how are you apocalypse hey? What's going on? What's going on, Jack and Eric, yeah I got a crazy one for you guys, so you were I, think Ethan couple episodes ago. He was talking about how he wants to believe an extraterrestrial entity. It's going back to conspiracy, stuff, okay, okay, yeah, yeah yeah. This is for you. Eric I want to talk to you about Project, Blue Book. You know the United States Blue Beam blue book blue book, okay, Air Force compiled 22,000 UFO reports from the end of war to to the late 50s and they they've since closed the operation. But 700 reports still remain unidentified today, so I want to know if that's enough evidence for you, Ethan I think that's pretty astounding, how you know the UH, the US Air Force man, they're they're all over UFOs, and they did that once well. I got a question for him. Man yeah go ahead, hey! Where do you think these [ __ ] aliens are coming from dude? You know when you think about it spaces. You know almost quite literally endless so dude. Who knows? No, do you maybe? Well? Maybe it's the center of the earth. You know, there's the Antartica conspiracies. What, if you were to guess like just use your imagination? What do you think that their home planet society looks like that they're out here investigating us what's their what's their purpose? Yeah? What why what's under Janis said was that it's like Star Trek like right, you know: do you think it's a piece of junk? Oh, it's a peaceful mission, man, yeah I, think it's observance, honestly we're kind of like a petri dish in a lab man. We're just we're just uh an out here, flown around on our little earth, man, they're they're, like the UM. What are you called like the the Master Hand or whatever you want to call it? So your question for me essentially is well I. You're asking me: is this certain amount of sightings enough for me to believe? Well, yeah? No, it's not enough, because you're, just one dude telling me that I would need to see it not true picking that up but like like even I'm what I? What I my thing is like an official source like the US government, US Air, Force they're, investigating into this, they actually took their time and money to investigate into UFOs. So how is it they? Does that? Not enough proof, you know well I recall them doing that they did that in like the 80s or something when there was like a whole hysteria about UFOs, yeah and I know. Their official conclusion was that there was nothing yet, but you don't buy that no, no, not at all I'll, have to look I'll have to have to look deeper. Have you ever had an experience with UFO I have actually tell us buddy hell, yeah, okay, this was god. This is probably five years ago, just on a little farm. Road and I live on Bonilla, so you know kind of out in the middle of nowhere I'm Road every goddamn. Yes, help me find me. My dad were just driving around. We were going somewhere and we saw something fly over the car. It looked like a balloon and we couldn't really get a good glimpse of it until it was flying off. It was amazing, speed, I, don't know what it was could have been a balloon, but it man that thing took off into the clouds and I it just disappeared. It was going faster than any I've ever seen, but you know what about I believe you I totally believe no I'm just so scared that I'm a horse like this, because I've never seen a video I've. Never it's never happened to me. You think I want some [, __ ] proof. You know like I trust you but you're, but like as Carl Sagan famously said, extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. Oh yeah, I know you're, saying like I know, you're kind of like under the seeing is believing, but we need people like you to tell us what you've seen so that we can acquire the evidence necessary all right, thanks, Doug, thanks for your question, appreciate you yeah see you guys take care of dougie thanks dog, bye man. That guy sounds like he's, got a big dick Oh. Clearly, so we're they doing on that farm rug. So wait! A minute like is that proof I mean no I, don't take anecdotes as proof I trust them I! Believe them. What can I do? I can't stretch my imaginary, saying: I love, it's not that can't be proof like, but it's not enough for me, like oh yeah UFOs exist because this dude's using alien life waitis no 100%, it's almost impossible that there aren't [, __ ] life-forms somewhere in the universe. I guess you can't like use his Li, like you can't disprove that theory. Just on his anecdote, that's all I'm, saying no yeah yeah, no I can't okay at Carl Sagan said it best. Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. This is an anecdote by one dude who I has no reason to lie on I. Believe he's experiences genuine. Well, it's not I can't just say: oh yeah I believe in UFOs, oh yeah I mean I love the idea. I love it of UFO I want it's so [, __, ], fast lighting just out here, I think that we're probably on the same page as that guy was like you know some crazy, [, __ ] out there. Oh, who the [ __ ] knows like who you know the first person to see a b-52 bomber. What the [ __ ] do you think they thought that looks pretty alien yeah, but with the jagged yeah, those things are crazy. Looking and I wouldn't put it past. If there was an alien race out there, that was actually observing us there. Every now and then they'd [ __ ] up get shown yeah, especially on a farm Road I mean look, aliens are in our galactic, interstellar I don't receive many slip-ups. Look all we can really garner from that call. Is that dude's got a big one. He's got a huge one, got a gradual ations on that yeah. So, hey thanks for the call study and get some more calls in here, god damn it. This is fun! Well, I'm gonna compliment every caller, oh yeah, that was my plan from the beginning. Oh she got a girl, hey. You got a deep one. No, this whole! No, you gotta, go I, don't know, I was live, so I'm, gonna, bail on anything I think is gonna, go dark side. Tell ya, yeah, Tony town Hey, look I want to talk about it. The movie yeah I'll, come I, love haven't seen the [ __ ], it wasn't scary and that's the way of like you know. You see these I like that. A lot and I hate horror film. So what did you? What did you like about it? It was a great movie super suspenseful, not scary, oh I, like that, and when they were like scary, it was very self-aware. It's ironic and it's it's a whimsical in a way. What now there's a word, I haven't heard associated with the movie yeah yeah. What is it swims? Occult I hear I hear my boy fin was was the [ __ ] is Richie yeah I, complimented him yeah yeah. All the kids were great yo show us great [, __ ] fin, like it's [, __, ] hilarious, it's cool I can't wait for stranger things season, two I and I think is he coming on yeah you've got to do it. I want to get him in the whole. Damn cast I kid sure. Oh, my god, you could yeah. You could pull off Wendy when's that supposed to come as don't know. Okay, hopefully they'll tell me when they come on. He he sent me a message on Twitter or something like that. It was like: hey I, like your videos and I, was like. Ah I sent him a thing where I was like I just watched, stranger things, I sent one back and he sent me a message that was like hello. This is a representative for stranger things. We don't want 27 year old alcoholics. The promoter outdid me right, kids, these days, god damn it just get off the damn internet, you're way too mature seriously anyway, so it yeah in the last scene of the movie. It's not a spoiler if they're like hey, if the clown ever comes back, we'll be here and they touch they cut hands and they hold hands. They make like about blood promise. Yeah in the book, I read: there's one girl who they all want to [ __ ] and there's a lot of sexual tension between them all in the movie, as well as the book and in the book. They, these kids run trained on this little girl. They take turns [, __ ], this little girl right. So in the movie they all cut, hands and hold hands, but in the book they actually run train them. In Stephen King's mind it was her right and I was like holy smokes that wasn't in the movie yeah. So that was kind of shocking. When I read that yeah, he was on a lot of coke when he wrote that yes, I was gonna, say it though he liked the way he defended it. I'd uh how he said, and he said I found it in Turin. Fascinating, dare you say fascinating? That's a band board that people would be so hung up on on the sex scene and not as hung up well the multiple child yeah. Let me extras' that, because I think it sounds a weak point. Oh it's a book about child murder. Oh yeah, yeah it it's not surprising when a kid gets murdered by a killer, Klown, that's the whole premise of the book. It is surprising when a bunch of 12 year olds run train on a girl. This is that horrifying Gary endo I mean yes, I've, read a lot of studying and I think that that is right up his alley like keep, but it was like a moment. It was moment of that yeah yeah, weird, like they're up against a supernatural horror right from the toe - they're, the two -, whatever the hell, it's called a different universe. Right. These beings exist right, and this thing [ __ ], like crash-landed in what's the name of the town Denny somewhere, you know well anyway, wild imagination, that's Stephen, King, it's always the main inland and Stephen King is incredible. The guy has written some of the, but he's like the Shakespeare for our time. If I'm being honest, the dude who wrote it and a childhood orgy also wrote Shawshank Redemption. That is okay, that's quite a regice, incredible yeah. You can say sure if I want to call him Shakespeare. Yet you know I mean dude. That guy has made his own [ __, ] language out of things, no, that guy has has permeated into our popular culture like no one else, since Shakespeare he's really really he's got that in his repertoire that haven't been made in the movie. The guy is here he's a fortunate force of nature. Yeah, incidentally, you know he also. He likes I mean kids. They had run train home each other, they weren't trained. So that's fine yeah. He he must have like I, don't know. I I will defend that scene just off of the basis that it was uncomfortable and horrifying yeah in in the context of what was going on. What has to be horrifying, I guess: I, have you read the book I? Have it yeah I haven't read it recently, I read it a long time ago. Okay, so I'll defer to you on that, because I haven't read it I just read about that, but it's a way for them to get out of a situation which is not a defense in any way. But the fact is looking device debate, I, don't think he wrote them into a corner and then said how am I gonna get them out of here. Oh a [ __, ] yeah, like I, think he was like what is the worst thing that you can do to some kids. Well, I'd love to hear him say that, instead of defend it by saying well, kids are getting murdered, I mean we got a treat or was that, like a response he gave on the phone I think it was that tweet there's a thing worse where David Lynch is in an interview, and he says Eraserhead is- is the most? What is it? The MA [ __ ] I? Don't know that the most personal I'm personal I'm, making them the most personal story I've ever written and the interviewer is like. Can you elaborate and he's like now? That's a good impression that is right. The weather today Cloudy with a Chance of cigarette Cooper. Did you see the girl with the red hair Cooper? What the hell every watch that man Cooper Cooper did you watch the new twin peaks', not the new one, Game of Thrones really I was more excited, not disappointed with that show. Not at all all right. Your idea, Neji knew exactly that. It was gonna. Do the second. If you've ever watched a David, Lynch movie yeah, you know it ends like that and I'm not gonna spoil what the ending is no just but the second to like the second to last episode. I was like, oh my god. That was super satisfied. Sure do we go for me. Second last episode was follow immediately by the last episode, which was super like oh it was. It was a 2 episode night. Yes, it was and he went. Okay. Let me I'm gonna, give you the the episode that solves everything right. Here's the one that [ __ ] you Cooper I'm gonna, give you the episode that solves everything he's death in the show, so he talks he's got them right. Amazing he's actually got more lines than like anyone else. So yeah he's wanted to make carries a huge part of it. I know he was in the yeah, so he's like the lead investigator in the new one. What yeah he's he's? Actually my favorite character in the new one he's he was amazing. He was incredible. Yeah, it's worth watching. I said it's worth the watch no question I'm going to watch it. Inevitably. My question to you guys is sure. I saw the first two seasons when I was in college some 10 years ago, 10, 7 and 10 years ago, on DVD is it worth do I have to? Would you recommend that I read one? No, no I necessarily watch the last commissary. Now you don't it's it's it's a you're good watch, a youtube recap of last episode. I was like watch a five minute: recon I'm awful entertainment. We go yeah, I, listen! The whole new show was kind of like an impressionist painting of is someone smearing their [ __ ] on a canvas and you're like mm. That's interesting should watch fire walk with me, though, because there's actually a lot of callbacks to that. Yes, fire walk with me was a great movie on its own. You think right, yeah, that's a crazy movie about like abuse and [ __ ], and it was only very, very loosely tied you. You don't see coop at all in the movie. No, but you see a David Bowie's character, who's important in the show and yes and the new one agent agent Jeffries picture that. Well, it's a voice puzzle. That's together he's a voice at any rate, I love, I love. The guy he's got great [ __, ] hair. Oh you smoke their whole lives in stole yeah. Keep it together. Humbled. The hilt um take a tumble at 92. Let's not lose him to his [ __ ] set of stairs oh I. Listen! If I could they had those stairs I'd, rather I'm tumbled to his oblivion than like dying in a hospital bed? Slowly of lung cancer, yeah well I mean I feel like his stem cells. Are in the bank. Hey guys, man, here's something gross! Okay, put the camera on me, ready! Oh Jesus, man, suck on that the [ __ ] I, don't know just trying to give some break guys. You want to say you want to do something gross either just vomits on no come on. Are you sick, [, __ ] come on he's sick, [, __, ], [, __ ] your belly. When you get out of my face you freak I flake that hard I don't want to see your [ __ ] yeah I! Don't actually do that! I broke my hands for this podcast, something to share so a child rape right back to the check. Can we please get back? Let me let me put, let me show you guys something. Yeah I've been sitting on this video yeah. You guys aren't psyched for Paul to take her to a hotel for the night by Bebo's sake, rainy to a a hotel to stay with me based on his facial expressions. This is definitely not going he's asking this girl's parents. If he can take her to a hotel room, go on dude yeah, he flies down to Brazil, buys himself a bride and then he'd go. He got the balls to go to her parents, house and say: hey! Can I take your daughter to a hotel? How about just don't tell him, don't tell him that! That's how your thing to say to your your your girl's! Parents just take it right, yep, but well, hey some people. Dis aren't, you know, say about social cues. This wouldn't work in Utah or actually Utah's a bad example. This wouldn't work in asking hey, can't take your daughter. It has sex with her and an inert, a motel or something that nature that isn't. What is that really I'm? Not looking rushing anything like that right now, with greenie dude but II have a client awesome, I haven't told Craney about any of that. Hey can I take hikes morning, love the clips. Why is he translating this one? By the way, the girl obviously knows how to translate what you're seeing wrong. She doesn't speak English and he doesn't speak Portuguese or Spanish and Portuguese in Brazil. Oh wait, don't communicate, there's a bad matchup yeah money I want to keep her honor. Look at his face. They're really jazzed! These parents are so jazz. Take it murdered. I'd murder, him Jesus Christ! That's that's our cringe! That's your that's! Where I found it that sounds real yeah. Good! Lord! That's! Is that how the kids in it got out of the sore can I. Take your daughter to hotel can I run trained on your dad. Does your daughter, baby I want to take your daughter to hotel but keep her honor? Oh my water? What a [ __ ] mess TLC uploaded that, like oh, they knew what they were doing yeah. They knew exactly what this [ __ ]. We don't care. I'm a hundred percent yeah all right, Dan bring in the news. Let's [ __ ] wrap this [ __ ] of the great bring your dog canoes. Well, no, we're not done, but Dan's gonna come. Do the news! I thought we were doing this until we pass out well keep drinking cuz! This news can last a while. Alright, what time is it it's? Oh, my god, we've been going for three and a half hours, really no yeah holy [, __ ]. It's time for another shot of honey watching anymore. We could just do it. Well, no there's! There's so 11,000 people watching this nightmare air. Give me your glass damn burger. Goddamn news got some colors dad hold off, don't come in color I love the colors! Isn't it oh I thought you meant like a shocked by the way, this caller feature is like my favorite part of the show now I like it, it's nice, it's so cool yeah, they're, they're, nice people that are calling in three all right: Carissa, hello, um. Firstly, before I asked a question: it's my brother's birthday tomorrow and he's a big sanity Ethan. What's beyond beyond happy birthday, dear Stella, Australis, perchance, uh yeah. What time is it there? Cool uh, I'm late for work, but it's 9:30, but it's worth it. Nathan I have a question for you: okay um. How are you going since ale is gone? Do you have anything planned this week now that you buy I'll be doing? Okay thanks for thinking of me, it's rough I'm not gonna lie. My life is a dumpster fire. Thank you so much something gone. Oh well: okay, meanie, uh, we've been married for four years, but we've been together for like 10 plus years and we have lived together continuously for like seven years from the moment she moved in to end with me in Santa Cruz, and since that time we have never been separated. So it's pretty bizarre having her gone like it's only been two days: I'm not gonna lie it's [, __ ] rough I am so dependent on her, it's kind of scary and [ __ ] up. Do you mean me and Jack to come cook for you, I need ice. You do you got any of those Smithsonian sea, slugs, yeah Oh couple I can make one with my hand. Well, I can work with that. Just put some saran wrap on the yeah come on. How was this different? It's why I can work with it now. But how do you fill ours? It's [, __, ], weird! It's really weird! You know it's! It's probably a good thing that, like we do it, but it's it's kind of just pathetic. Once I'll dependent I am on her, like I came to the studio today. I forgot, the cameras had to go back to the house, always a whole hour. I, don't know it's like you when you're in so intimate and you're so tied up with someone in your life. They really are like a limb and and I feel like I'm missing a limb. It's very you know it's beautiful, but also it makes you very vulnerable, but that yeah that's the beauty of it. I I. Can they take it's not quite the same, but I can kind of relate when aaron has a long day at work. You know she doesn't come to long day of work. I know she's it. So my thing out for those no, my fiance has an office job I'm. The you generate, like you know, sits at home. Does my own [, __ ] and my fiance aaron has an office job and like a nine-to-five, but sometimes you know she goes long hours right and if she doesn't come home so like eight or nine like I, don't know what to [ __ ] do with my stuff yeah. Occasionally she'll go on a business trip for a few nights. I, don't know how, like all of a sudden, it's 3:00 in the morning and I, don't know where the [ __ ] time went right, I didn't have dinner or whatever, because that's that's my rock she's, my rock. We like we're so used to like a limb, we're so used to doing stuff together. It's [, __, ], weird, when we're apart, so I get I. Can [ __ ] relate to what you're going through you ever seen. This movie stuck on you with Matt Damon I, didn't finish: I've seen, trailers yeah. So it's about these Siamese twins, they're attached literally at the hip mm-hmm, and it ends I'm gonna suppose give this a [ __ ] 30-year old movie, but it's great watch it yeah. They get it ends when they get separated and they have like this crazy separation, anxiety and yeah. It's like yeah I, don't know what to do because she's, like my thoughts, my the way I communicate the way I think the way it's been. My free time is so wrapped up and always having her with me, yeah that it's really uh. It's really well you're a family unit, yes, yeah! Absolutely, and that's really cool though I mean like that's two weeks. That's a good honestly! That's what I hate to say! It's a good problem to have you know, because that's a beautiful thing, no I'm, very fortunate, and but what you do is you do stuff that you couldn't do with her? So, like my whatever what that rebate, if you're furious on Twitter yeah I was gonna, say watch like cheers by the way Eric's Christmas. This has been the best week. Thank you. So much I forgot your name, but thank you. So much for the question appreciate you so much Karissa Karissa Karissa for six lanes at all. Oh wow, shout out to that demographic that gets it right. 90S kids, only Ferguson was that was that the brother Ferg Ferguson Virg Virg, whatever was the guy who put the ladder up in [, __ ] rapes are at 3:00 a.m. oh yeah, sewer, I, think sort like a so it's a kid banging each other. It joke oh yeah, yeah anyway. Okay, so Ted Cruz got caught, choking off the incest porn and then [ __, ] shkreli. That's it that's it that mister should rally putting a bounty on what Hillary's hair, by the way lock of her hair or something yes, Eddie. A lot of people I've seen them complaining like. Oh, why would someone get thrown in prison for making a joke? Well, okay, let's break this down yeah, so score le was out basically on the goodwill of this judge right who said his bond at five million dollars, because he's a [, __ ] convicted criminal I'm, not judging the guy, he was convicted in a court of law, he's a convicted criminal, that's the same in effect, okay matter of law, it's a matter of law, I sit down nice, nice, and so the dude is tweeting out even in jest. It's a little alarming to be like I will get five thousand dollars to anyone who can get me Hillary's hair and he entered that same one with by saying not kidding not right, not joking, not yeah, and so I'm, not a one way or the other I'm not going to leave that last part out. You know not kidding so I'm, not saying one way or the other. You know I'm, not passing judgment I'm only saying I understand where the judge was coming from, because it only takes a couple of lunatics to be like I'm gonna, grep, I'm gonna get some of that of her hair and there's a lot of people who wish it on Hillary, Clinton and again I'm. Not judging anybody I'm just stating facts so I I think it's within the realm of understanding that the judge would revoke his bond and say you know what I don't want you out on bond I want you in prison because you're unfit you're, dangerous to society. That's what she said! I understand it I'm, not passing judgment on what right now right right. His apology, [ __, ] buddy. What was his apology, I? Don't think? Well, it's obviously an apology that his lawyer wrote that he just signed on the bottom lawyer, sucks, yeah, well, I think they did the best with what they had and that's not the best. Okay, it's the best yeah he's kind of a dick, certainly yeah I wish I could call in right now. So we could ask them what terminating [ __ ] questions. How serendipitous would that be Jesus Christ by the way, yeah, oh I, know I I'm, sorry I went Oh, Barbara Walters on him. By the way I didn't mean to do that. It just kind of happened, but long story short Merry, Christmas Eric. This is the best week. You left a good week. It's a really good week. This is a great way to end that week, too, yeah I'm, just hanging out with with some of my best friends we're eating pizza, we're getting drunk, there's a bunch of people watching who are gonna post on the subreddit after, like hey, you know what I think I hate Erick. At least you have a loving subreddit man. That's you know good for you. Good for you well Eric, probably you both you guys. Man subreddits are great. Okay, we have one on standby, drew from ninja yeah Oh, jeah, fro nature, talk to me, baby, hello, Ethan, how's, it going hey. How are you all right? First of all, I'm a huge fan been a fan since taking the boom. Oh, it's a damn snake in the boot thanks sucks. My question is: if bringing it back to aliens here, we go yeah if, if all of history was erased except for 2017- and you guys had to preserve one thing from 2017 to give to the aliens what would it be Wow holy? So, oh, my god, it Wow. We got a lot to chew on good luck. Thanks for the question man, it's actually a question. Mark: okay, okay, okay, one thing 2017, you know what okay! So now we got to go back, Ted Cruz, looking at porn yeah, it's pretty great that you very great, but that is just the most recent one. We got to think about all of 27 like what happened I'm thinking of like well. We have a sunbae meme, but what what salt Bay aliens have to do with aliens? By the way you made you made it weird Ethan you made it hey. What was his name flourishing? His name was Clarissa fro. That's what his name, what the [ __ ] that have to do. Aliens leave [, __, ] Rick, how about how about other I'm, tired of that about just season three of Rick and Morty, and every time I burped. That means it's a good [ __, ] shrieking, more Derek, so she dick I burped long before Rick and Morty, was on double vision. Jeff Rossen invented burping yeah. He sure did just the whirling also invented House of Cosby's. So what you referenced like [, __, ], love that, oh, yes, you do when I was I met him, yes, yeah, yes and his response to it was goddamn, brilliant and his response. He he got. He made this whole show. That was actually a good show right about a guy who bill cosby bones him too many times, and it sort of follows the rules of multiplicity, where each clone has their own quirk yeah and he got threatened by Bill Cosby's legal team. This is before Bill Cosby. We knew that he had rave right. He said women, they sent him a legal threat and their response was to make like a way dumbed down version of the show. I think it was devoid of color. Even he was black and white, and it was just like the stupidest version of the show that they had already made possible and, like it looks like like fan art almost of what they were making and it turned into this [ __ ] night can I, can I ask you can I. This is going a little tangent, but I died. I've always been curious. How did you guys meet? How did you become friends? Oh yeah topic of conversation, because they were no clue yeah. It was really quite a funny thing: um, psychic, pebbles, Zak, I, know if you guys know him [, __ ] him. So I was friends with him. In fact, I was working with him in New York on a project with jontron and psychic pebbles, and it was right around the time we posted our finebros video, apparently justin saw, and he really liked it, but he was friends with Zach at the time. Yeah and I was sitting next to Zach and Justin texted Zach was like hey. Do you know anything about h3h3 and he's like yeh sitting right next to me? Huh, it's just really weird, and so then I don't know you. He gave me an error. He gave Justin my phone number and we're like hey dude nice to meet you and that's so funny anyway. There's I didn't talk to him for a long time and then I moved to LA yeah and we're like hey, let's hang out, and that was it cheese. We just started hanging out, no he's one of them normal dudes, who also happens to be an absolute comedic, [ __ ], that's normal dude, that's so nice to hear because you want like down-to-earth comedic geniuses are hard to find well. He also has like he's like slightly he's extremely autistic. Okay, he has like autistic outbreaks, are gonna, be hang out there be like mommy put poop in my butt or some [ __ ], like that. He makes me love him more I'm, like Justin. He has like these. These very endearing autistic outbreaks um, which I love him for he's a great guy, that's awesome, okay, so so shadow come shout out. The psychic penalties for like really and making it possible basically invented the phrase [ __ ] had come buckets, I, love that phrase, so that was from him. Yeah I. Don't know that bevel is an interesting dude. Yeah yeah I miss that guy I haven't seen him in a while he's in LA he's doing great good for him. I like his podcasts a lot it's just like yeah yeah, yes, oh well, I wouldn't I mean I catch up on him. He makes like one of freakin three months: exact, I'm, pissed. Well, he's a busy animator give him some [ __ ] space, Jesus Christ, step it up. Zack Wow! Now were they friends? Let's go to his [ __ ] subreddit openness. Give me more help and I wasn't happy with the way that the blog sigh we derailed so hardcore I apologize yeah. My favorite moment of 2017. Was this podcast Wow way to remember. I I didn't even remember the yeah. What was our look? What did if every other year was erased and we only end when he said [ __ ]? What else happened in 2017 god? Damn it? Oh right, not a great year, then I took a bite vodka. You missed, although you got only the cheese on my pizza in the shot glass. Oh yeah, oh thanks for reminding me that we still have shots today. That's good I, just finished mine, mmm, that's yours! So here's one 2017 we would. We would send alien. What's like a decent YouTube video, what made the sending right is that? What the question? What I mean history of the world? I didn't catch that by that guy butter me like yeah, we can do better. I would definitely send Ted Cruz jacking off the end point. There's got to be something better, but I can't think of anything. It's not depressing. It's like we can't boil down 2017 to like a decent meal or a decent and yeah it'd, be on Ted Cruz, jacking off I. Don't know: what's happened in the year until the end of the year. Exactly NN tells me what's happened in the air or YouTube. We have every day bro. No, no! You movie! That's you! You can really that's my stick, but no yeah. We can do better. We know better I, don't know what youtuber really like blew up this year, that like I, just not that I want to give him a [, __, ], youtuber I'm, just trying to like go off like I, want to legit answer this question. I, don't think I'm going to, but I mean it's the Hennessy talking at this point beau this is this: is the year of Donald Trump? Isn't it yeah? It was one moment you could crystal exactly. There's there been so many and oh, my Lillian Apple is getting banned from Twitter. It's not all bad. We got this [ __ ] freak out of there. All right yeah bring on the news: let's wrap this: oh my god, I love, it speaking of child orgies right I'm, talking about the Joe Rogan, no I just know that guy got [ __ ] as a kid way too many times and he's cool with it. Well, it was the predator going after the priest right right, learn to blow people from a young age. Oh, Milo I think men show Rogan, no, no Joe Rogan just grills elk meat about that. Okay news. His whole Instagram is just helped me already yeah yeah, here's what I cooked today when I was in elk I, wonder what Joe Rogan ahead for lunch today, I bet you can find out. It's probably what oh yeah yeah. Okay, we got send in the nudes. Do you want some Lynn Lynn pubes, okay, I snorted, some in the bathroom it was a fantasy I saw yeah I took it back out? Is anyone else excited for Christmas as I am because Christmas is my favorite time of year since can I see this and I get real horny? That's an order excited! You know, drilled in at the top. Give it a sniff, I love your eagerness to submit you [ __ ], the first time you were really heavy. You really get your nose. It's actually not that bad I'll be honest. I, like I, don't know it's so musty. It smells like unwashed laundry for months. It does, but it's like it's. It doesn't smell. Like Bo, you know what I mean it's cozy picture, you're, really grossed out by that it's such a strong. Did you ever smell this, damn yeah wow? What a trooper! Thank you! It's musk, not a good one. I can tell the cleaning products uses the problem. What do you see you can tell me have for Brett he's his Irish Spring soap I. Remember that [ __ ] right hell, yeah I, definitely her spring soap. He wears Hanes Oh, give me the [ __, ] comfort, soft, hey, I'm, JJ, I'm, plugging this up, all right I'm, putting this away we're at 11,000 viewers right freezing right so that we can clone Skippy in a thousand years. Oh that's my boy gate. You know it did get a prostitute man. Chickabee saw late night, he's religious, whatever yeah. Look at the church, hey Frank, yeah, come on kids yeah God draw a line somewhere come on all right, then all right, uh, let's go here! We're gonna, see yourselves hello. There's this nice, a 1-second, lay here one second sis we there's one yeah, it's like half a second off me. Likey all right hit me up big boys and this [ __ ], quick, they're. All right. We gotta finish this Hennessey uh yeah. Definitely we actually finished the bumpy. Let's do this play it. I love Newton! In the news. What do you notice that I was trying to [Music] Olympic Jake? Is the best luck for this [ __ ] long time? What's the [ __ ] durian for Christ's sake ended all right. What tell you got alright. So welcome. Welcome everyone to the news, so first up this one, this one's for Ethan, really, oh, my god, sort of tangibly related to to his hero. Here we had a vote in the house representatives last week on Wednesday about self-driving cars, okay and kind of surprisingly to me, they're completely for it, and we have now nationally legalized self-driving cars. I guess it was on a state-by-state basis in some states that legalized it a lot of them. Hadn't I think California is one of the few that was down with it, but on a very limited basis and yeah and Congress, they have voted to cross the board lessen the regulations, which is like a little scary. So gay marriage, gay marriage. We did a slippery slope trucks, yes, start cars strike driving themselves and next you know people are [, __, ] animals and married next thing. You know one little statistic in here, though, that I thought was interesting. Dance computer is black, it's black, that's what Ian said he might be [ __ ] with me, though, screen black screen yeah. Alright, let's read rigor this. Nobody say anything. Just quiet silence: it's gonna work dead air. This is cold. We re plugged it in we got it Ian. Talk to me tell me talk to me in yeah. Still, no still, no that's what he says. This is all gonna be left in. Oh and I, don't know! What's going on we're gonna just describe what's on the [Music] [ __ ], you guys are the [ __ ] best. Alright, we have to make this like a monthly occasion say. The word word, we'll just follow Beauty by [, __, ] news, alright dude I think get on with it. Alright do we start from scratch? I mean that was kind of blown from all right. So so we all live in LA right, yes, yeah, so it's been hot as [ __ ] the last couple weeks here and it's terrible. So the mayor of Los Angeles is gonna. Do something about it. He's gonna dab on the hate, he's gonna dab, all those Sun good for him. Nasa is official diagnosis. It's a real thing. Garcetti mayor Garcetti. He is sort of like a evil. Scientist I guess he's whether manipulating LA's mayor wants to lowers the city's temperature, apparently so they did. This big study turns out there's like all these simple things that you can do to actually just across the board lower the ambient temperature of the city. The biggest thing is asphalt, so asphalt. Huh black asphalt absorbs a ton of energy yeah and that heat is just kind of locked in and it radiates off, and when you multiply that across the Los Angeles area, which is [, __ ] huge, it actually has a net effect like it's raising the temperature by itself they own five to ten degrees, basically so they're gonna repave the whole city. With this new, like special coating, that will bounce all the light off, and they asked me just that alone will lower the temperature in the city by three to five degrees, [ __, ] yeah, oh yeah, um, and then there's other things too. So they can put. Maybe you guys have seen this before they they've figured out how to put grass on rules I love that right and so same thing that having grass up there instead black shingles is going to absorbs the heat, a huge amount of heat planting more trees. So he is actually set a goal that by what is it in the next 20 years, he wants to lower the average temperature in the city of Los Angeles by 3 to 5 degrees. So it's just that 100 100 we day will be a 95 degree day. That's a noble effort, yeah yeah, a noble effort. They ran out for asphalt heat when they do temperature readings on them. Yeah yeah, it's actually pretty interesting. So yet a traditional asphalt it absorbs 90% of the sun's radiation which is like you know. 90% is a lot just to clarify. I, know further percentile yeah I, don't have AC in my room, so I definitely feel it but Eric. It makes your video so much better. I am a sweaty boy, so this kind of demonstrates it. This is a picture of some asphalt and in the background there, the the darker asphalt. That is the asphalt that we all know and love yeah, and this is the new stuff that they want to put on right. Now. You can see in the infrared ray what a difference that makes us this 138 degrees, Fahrenheit versus 96 versus 96 yeah. So yeah, that's huge, so they want to redo the entire city, which you know it's a sprawling city. I mean we have a couple of highways in LA, a few yeah yeah. You do yeah, oh yeah, that's all good hobby, hey! It's like a rush, I'll [, __ ] bet. It is weird yeah I'll bet like once we get to the age where we can't fry an egg on the asphalt we'll have one yeah, that's dope! That's I! Honestly, though, that is an ingenious solution, yeah to a problem that is inevitable like let's, let's face it, it's pretty. This is 20 year plan I need to be re-elected ten times that dude literally dead, dab on Jake, Paul so hard and his own guys got a good track right yeah. You took it to the top there with that one all right, so, okay, okay, alright! So next story, moving on I got a couple, a couple stories from Japan. So for all you, we we booze, we have Italian. Thank you. I'm more vote should be very excited guys in Wow [ __ ] hard. That was that me, white ghost, actually don't know guys you, whatever white ghost means and you're the [ __ ] weeaboo right now, so you guys have you ever heard of CRISPR I! Think yes, it's! So this is pretty interesting stuff. So CRISPR is this: what is it it's derived from a bacteria, a certain type of bacteria and basically scientists have figured out a way to utilize it to in a very targeted way, edit DNA mmm- and you know this is still in development. They haven't really perfected or anything but they're getting closer and closer, and the implications of that, as you can imagine, are pretty crazy. Alright, so scientists in Japan have just recently successfully been able to on a consultive lee consistent basis. They said 75 percent success rate for all you percentage buffs out there h. We know there. There are many a lot there. A lot with seventy five percent accuracy are able to change this particular type of Morning Glory flower from white to purple huh, and so they can just you had me at Morning Glory. So what you're saying is in terms of Twin Peaks, it is possible to have a coke. It's a blue rose coke. Yes, exactly right, yes in choice and be able to use it in the show on a consistent basis and may 75% of the shops were like mutants, you can modify the genetics of a little baby yep a little. A little sapling will seed, a human being, is you know so, just like dollar, the cheap kind of [, __ ] or like they're, all not dollar, but I mean like they're trying okay. So this is like baby steps Jing. So a couple is pregnant and they, you know, have the DNA tested of the embryo when they find out. It's gonna have water brown, eyes, yeah and they're like something a lot more, not your brown eyes right right! Well that so that's where I need an unethical thing. Like you know, oh I want my baby designer babies, basically baby with all the options. That's like the morally gray area, but the foot side of that is, you know you could have you know you could have a baby that has some sort of genetic disorder that you know is gonna cause a horrible life or horrible pain and go in there and literally splice out that little piece of DNA that's incorrect and she correct it. Now you have a whole life ahead of you of not having some kind of having a few. You know giant cause you're. Now, let's say I wanted a lobster hand. Baby yep CRISPR can make your dreams in the future and my youtube channel is going to be daddy. Oh. Lobster daddy! Oh no, claw daddy! Oh two o'clock, I'm gonna, throw them into a [ __ ] dresser quite reminds me of one punch man, all my [ __ ], pimps out there. What do you got there? Quick, a quick update, a breaking news, bulletin, Oh gaijin means foreigner, apparently in a derogatory sense of the stupid Warner guys. Don't that gringo ass in all of my negligence was correct. Yes, that's right, which fed into the negligence in the first place beautiful. What else we got all right so I also coming to you from Japan so recently out in in the old Japan. Here they had this outbreak of this disease that spread by ticks right and it's a what is. It called has like a really crazy name here. The the abbreviation is SFTs okay, so as SFTs na is, this kind of uh looks like a fever, it's kind of like hay fever, yeah, something it has about a 30% death rate. If you catch up, that's pretty yeah by the way it's been four and a half hours, there has been drinking the whole time go to the bar. With these guys, it's four and a half hours, yeah wait. Thirty percent death rate, that's terrifying! Well, up to thirty, it gives you low platelet count fever, vomiting, diarrhea, six out of this country, not a damn wall. Well, yeah! We're talking, keep them out so lock that thing up so check it out in in the Miyazaki Prefecture I. Think it's Prefecture! It's like they're States, Baker I, really underestimated that guy's feeling there Smith or something yeah I'm from Kevin Smith Alabama. So the officials in Miyazaki, held a news conference to you know, warn everybody that this is a problem be on the lookout and they brought two tix to show to the audience one dead and one alive, and so they only went through this whole press conference. Talking about you know this is this is a serious thing and you know this is a deadly disease and it can affect anybody. And you know this is a big problem after they get done explaining to the room. All of that they use a pair of tweezers and pick up the tick and drop it. Oh [, __, ], no, and that thing was loaded with life: oh yeah, Ebola, bats and everything did they clear, my god? Well, apparently, everybody did freaked out, but then every like all of the reporters everybody like jumped into action and they're like crawling around and like everybody has like you know, I used to the floor like with because it's like a tickets like nightmares, microscopic right, tiny, all right, losing a contact lens, yes way where yeah we, the the consequences, are yeah amplified. Yes, reach much farther sorry, so they failed and eventually cleared out the room and just mass disinfected it just blasted the entire building that somebody went home. What's a tick in their ass and the country of Japan is [ __ ] and that's how a new animation attack on tick boom, I'm seriously good I gotta end this. Are you done I'm done he's checked out, yeah we're dumb baby a couple? Okay, we can yeah no I mean even after the charity stream. What do we know? I'm [, __, ] yourself, I'm sober as [ __, ] I can talk about. Isn't this what a podcast is yeah on the charity? Well, let's check it out. Okay, great question: this is a quick thirty. Four two three four yeah we started like 232 I, know guys. You're bragging do not want me to smoke, show my [ __ ] [, __ ] the talk about the fact that this is in a jar of like amphetamine pills. Is it I never looked at the actual stay awake during the meeting pills, it's literally called sang stay awake during the meeting. All right I stayed awake during the meeting five, our podcast [ __ ], Wow USA. You laugh alright guys, as I said. Thank you to my Fupa troopers. Thank you to my dogs, Eric and Jack. Hey I think that channels are in the description dan. You did okay today, I wanna, give you a chance. Sarah I love you all! You guys are killing it Tuesday. We don't have a show Tuesday. We are [ __ ]. Basically me and Dan. Are we moved to new house or setting up the new studio? We move to a new house me and heal. Dan is, incidentally, helping me I am so trashed all right! What'd, you say. Would you say Dan is caring for you in a sort. Thank you came over yesterday. Helped me took with the garbage out. Don't worry, guys we're gonna go over to Ethan's we're gonna cook them in nice, little possible. Okay, I'm sure our salmon have a perfect way to do. Crispy skin salmon, I love that crispy skin. Just like I, like my children, crispy gangbanged gonna soar in Stuart and I like I, guess that I, like my kids anyway, guys thanks for watching hope you had as much fun as we did we'll see you next Friday, there's no podcast on Tuesday. Thank you to our guests. We love you Super Trouper nation. Keep it strong, keep it hot, keep it spicy this your boy signing out cut it [Music].