Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast experience, we've upgraded it to experience today. How can I compete with Joe Rogan if I'm, not an experiment, come on? You got to sniff it up here. We are sponsored today by me. Undies hems and clip and I am very honored and happy to introduce the very funny Tom Seguros here with us today. What was that Dan? Oh I, can hear you through this bomb. We have this notorious problem because now we're live on YouTube and we can't take anything back. Oh right, so as long as we stick the landing yeah, it's all good, but I was like I heard and I thought he was like. Take it from the top back to one: nothing will okay, our we're stuck well. Let me finish my intro Tom Segura has three extremely funny: stand-up specials on Netflix disgraceful, which I have to say, is probably one of my top 5 favorites wow thanks man. That's very nice, loving that thank you recommend everybody check that out. Thank you mostly stories and completely normal they're. All on Netflix he's the host of your mom's and podcasts, along with his wife house. Oh my god, mom's house, podcast, I'm zipping right all right. We can't start over again along with his wife, which we have in common. Yes, christina pazsitzky, pretty close, pretty good, it's pretty good, it's actually pazsitzky, plus she has a as publicly changed it to christina p. Thank you say: have you got the public service yeah? You know I was. I listen to the intro of your guys's podcast like 20 times. Oh really, I hate oh names, wrong, yeah! No, you gave a valiant effort, but I wasn't trying to say: like hey, [, __, ], yeah he's also going on a tour across the u.s. starting in august you can buy tickets at Tom, Segura, calm, slash tour! Thank you, sir, and very pleased in order to have you with us. Thank you. Thank you guys for having me here. Thank you so much. Thank you. Man I'm a big fan of you, guys, how's it going it's going good man not going good. Things seem to be going really well for you, seeing you like more and more yeah and it seems, like things are happening for Tom Segura. If it's been a, it's been a good couple years like with you know, it's like steady things, moving along just happy to be, you know doing what I do yeah and yeah the podcast is is is going along and the touring has been has been great, so nice I feel very lucky. You guys Netflix started giving getting into comedy. Was that a lot like a big game-changer for you and other comedians all for sure, Ben cuz me when they pay more, you get more I got in what is considered we're talking about how you know Internet years are different than real years yeah, so that first one I did completely normal. I did I shot it in 2013 and getting on Netflix was like a consolation prize. Hmm, that's! What like people now can't even imagine that, but that was the goal was Comedy Central and Comedy. Central was that that was we shot it in 2013, so five short years yeah and when they, when we shot it and try to sell out something they were like and there's not really a theme to it. That was their note. Yeah we were like I mean his jokes. That's the theme is I'm doing stand-up the whole time and they were like critical. Then I was kind of bummed out about that. You know that that it was not going to, because that was like the place to be, and then I know that I know was sent to Showtime I remember it must have been a pass and I, don't remember any note or anything and then I remember getting the call they're like Netflix is willing naked they're, willing yeah like they'll. Do it I'll do that favor and I was like hmm and they go now. It's great. Like people watch it all the time you know cuz, it was still like I mean that's only five years ago, but I think that streaming was still on an upswing. People are still getting DVDs in the mail from them. Really, oh yeah. For sure I mean I feel like 2012 I, remember where I was living and for sure we were doing DVDs all the time. Wow 2013, probably it's it's hard to really grasp how much change in five years. I know in technology. You know that's light yeah, it's just it's crazy right! It's it's! It's so many years right, but then, when it went up, I didn't know, I, remember doing clubs so I shot in 2013. They started streaming in early 2014 and a few months after that, like I sold out of club one time and this guy was like I remember, the club manager goes I, don't know what the you did, but a lot of people came this week and I was so not thinking of the effect of this special I was like I, don't know because, like months since I shot it and I was like I, don't know what people are here yeah and then it just was like a slow and steady increase from there. So having the exposure, because Netflix now has like half of every household in America, it's crazy now and actually have to say they promote your for whatever I, don't know, I've seen your disgraceful, your new stand-up on the home page, almost every time, I! So probably because they have you know it's really a data company and they study you so much, and you should see when you go a marketing meeting about something you have coming out the way that they market you differently in every territory. Wow different, colors, different patents, I'll show you on the in your last special, more people clicked on this in Brazil. Get all this data. Well, they don't know they don't provide. Italy's. Give you an example. Watch your no I damn! No, they don't. They don't give me that interesting. Of course. Of course, I think this is great. I. Think you're you're, downplaying yourself a little bit because it's on trending now, when like popular on Netflix is, is oh really for a long time like in the top five. Oh that's really cool yeah! It's been, it's been a fun ride with them. For sure I mean every you know from that time. 2013 like which we said was not that long ago, to like now we're now they're they're, more even more selective and shut people down and no and but and then give into buying offers that's like 30 million. He got 20 million per person for I love how he balanced, and then he came back and he's like alright I'm collecting all the money you out, man, yeah and then sorry I forgot a nine-figure deal. He does any money, so yeah wait. Wait for their community. Wait! Nine figures, yeah yeah, give yourself a minute, though wait for comedians hang up really well. Stefan is a Millie, it's okay hundred yeah under Plus. What so he's you don't need any more money. It's for comedians in cars, getting coffee, I, think he's gonna. Do the special that came out last year, another special right and then another some type of another original. They bought it. So gramming yeah they gotta, give us a bunch of bye. Ellen Ellen, just got I, think 50 she's doing a special I think producing something else for them. I got like 250 million I was like whoa I made less than those guys paying. Commission I mean they, but they. How did they pay you like compared to what you're doing before Oh I mean? Look it's it's it's like for sure. I mean it's not like it's good. It's not that kind of it's not that kind of money. It's not even in the stratosphere million, isn't like aging, that's just like. No even do with them. I know I put like you know the Seinfeld and those guys money. It's crazy, yeah. It's crazy, um, yeah! It's nothing like that and by the way. Nor should it be like those guys are. It's not just like they're they're, just they're, not just they're, so famous, but that their origins like I. You know some people who get into the battle of like what rate somebody gets like dude they're, bringing eyeballs their mother for buying they're, simply monopolizing, all these Titans. Yes, nobody has any other reason in 30 20 years. Maybe even people are just gonna say: hey, it's and people are gonna. Forget the cable and television was a thing they'll be like hey put on netflix yeah, it's a it's from an analytical standpoint. It really is interesting to see. Where will things go? You know we've had guests who are like oh wow, why you play the whole, show no no I see, but no just to see where it'll go, because you kind of go like you know. No one can compete with this with this model of like paying this kind of money right and then you know the platform. You know how many eyeballs are already there. It's like what what will happen, at least from stand-up standpoint you go, I mean is: are the other competitors gonna do something or just go? That's what I'm saying behind on it: yeah they're really behind like from the viewer perspective. Nothing can compete with it. Okay, I can see all the specials I don't even have to go to a live show. If I can't you know it's you out there, it's all you put it whenever you want, there's no ads. It's like yeah who can compete, I know, and it's not that expensive. It's not what happened: have 150 million subscribe, giving them whatever like 15 bucks a month and yeah? It's a lot of money man, although they're like spending all of it yeah yeah, you know crazy debt, their their growth has been unbelievable, Warren Buffett, I think was Warren. Buffett recently said, he's like I cannot buy enough Netflix or maybe sit about Apple and I'm completely off-base. Can you guys research that, for me, thank you sure? Yeah. There was one joke from disgraceful, yet I loved, yeah and there's a whole story around it, which I loved even more yeah the one bit that you had that was so funny was the one about how you can't say: [ __ ], that's gay or [ __, ], anymore uh-huh, which is such a great bit, because we're actually are we're similar in age, I'm 32, like you're, 39, right, yeah, you're much younger. We come well. We come from a world where we probably both were just saying like that: I'm bombarded with it hearing it all exactly that was just you know, and and and the world changed around us in a way problem. You know, like happens, every generation sure, but it's like they took yeah. That's what look hey you like love that so, but then, when I found out that people were actually made a petition you've seen this oh yeah about there was a group of people. Here it is on the screen. It has almost a hundred thousand signatures. I was looking at this last night and it was going up before my eyes, which was cracking me up. I'm, like really still going up, go ahead. Pick up, I was going up as I was gonna, go up right now, right, we're live right. I'm gonna get a lot of meme signatures. No yeah, you're right I mean I like I mean look, it's I. I know all about this. One of the things about the transcription of the show being in there is that it shows like audience laughter. It was like they're, including the people, and by the way, yeah yeah I mean look at that I understood people went through this so heavily. It's like I guess why people get upset by like hearing trigger words and stuff, but you know the first line of that. It is, you can't say, retain that's and people would message me and say you know you can't say: [ __, ] anymore, I go that's what I sat yeah, that's the setup to that is that you can't even talk about how you can't talk about it anymore, yeah. It was the perfect moment of outrage. Yeah, it was just like it was. There was a lot of outrage and yeah I mean I knew listening to it. That there would be it's like just so obvious, then I met with with somebody who was who was pretty outraged, like they I talked about which word about this this whole whole whole the whole bit and there go. You know that petition also calls for the the trailer to be taken down everything yeah and the trailer they Miss interpreted as being about this when the joke- and that is about another. Yes, so like good, and then they were telling me they're, like in this meeting and they're like I, think a lot of us got outraged. We got, we reacted to the reaction. In other words, we didn't look at it. We didn't look it up, I didn't watch it lovely and I go and I'm sitting there like. Don't you feel like you should own that, like that you didn't watch it yeah, and then you got mad yeah and they're like kind of yeah okay, but then they made this point to me that I kind of understood they go yeah, but it helped further our agenda, so us going after you, even if it was not entirely angley somewhere yeah they go. It still helped bring awareness to what our ultimate goal is. So even if we miss the mr. mark a little bit, the man's kind of yeah, so they're good I mean I. You know, I, don't here's a thing. You can't feel bad for yourself when the when the group is this group- and you go look- you have it hard enough already, but but they also were like. We understand that the joke wasn't to target you and on you. It just happened to be about words and language yeah, and it got spun into this. So like I, don't I don't feel bad for myself. I understand that what you're trying to do, but it wasn't lined up the way that they initially thought it was, and it was mean even even in the joke you're like well, we didn't say it like that. Right I gave the specific example: factly yeah we weren't like look at that guy right, which is I, think exactly what you said, which it and like I, pretty much I, don't think. I can recall a time where growing up or for that way anybody was like pointing at something yeah point. Someone can be like that guy yeah, it was always like to you yeah. You know it's like Ethan the man and then you know you say to your friend about something they did right, but then of course, the reaction to that is like yeah, but you're. Just perpetuating you know a hateful thing if you're saying you know whatever, that's that's, how language things change and progress over time words take on different meanings, something becomes unacceptable and pejorative, and it goes away of course. The other conversation is then it's then replaced with another word or term sure. So what that happens with all slurs and all all words it's like we will outgrow this word and then there will be a new word. You know like the one specifically that really blows my mind. Yes, like you can't say, [ __, ] anymore, like I, left it Israel for five years, yeah I came back the world changed, I couldn't say: [, __, ] anymore yeah little people right I was like that sounds way more condescending. It sounds to me like hey little guy yeah and by the way I met. I, know little people who find it demeaning little. Yes, what did you prefer? Some of them just don't even want to be, which makes the most no just don't even it's laughs, just a guy don't make them, but I mean it is. You know, I, guess voluntary. On the airport, I mean I, like I know. Most people I know black guys, girls we're cool with black, but there are those who say like call me: african-american, it's like their own voluntary I'm having a different preference. It's wild everybody, but yeah I mean I. Do I agree that little people, I was yeah. I, think I said midgets how I'm passing and they're like it's a little like people are super angry who's like what are you kidding me I had to do some research and look it up. I was like sure enough. Little I find that groups have a much better sense of humor, though a little most part the little people. Yes right, yeah there are groups and that have more egregious sense of humor, interesting yeah, yeah Mexicans, for example, I've heard from Alex. Oh, like you know, Mexicans they never get. They never get upset, they love it. Yeah I mean for the most part how what you're I mean? How have you discovered that you met you if you just doing shows every year and like I've done, shows Mex with a man with me like just like? They love it. Yeah man like light me up doc, you're like all right, it's LA, they just want to go for it. Yeah can I, ask you who is the most sensitive? Can we go there I mean there's, there's uh I, don't know older lesbians, there's no they're, just group, that's a tightness! You know it's funny because, like we live in such a quote, liberal progressive City I mean the most liberal. Progressive people are not funny, they don't they take themselves too seriously. They have like that activist. You know, mentality, there's no humor in that show. You know. I mean I'd rather do like rednecks than that any day of the week. If you're talking about doing a show right, because they're gonna laugh at more, you can make fun of them. You know: do you have these days problems? It shows where people are getting upset and walking out or causing a scene if it's my like, if they bought it, take it to my show that doesn't really happen. Yeah if you just pop in on a show I've had it happen a few times in LA. You know, because we're not other places yeah but not I mean not a lot. I mean el. You know la la is pretty good actually for for stand-up. You know the Comedy Store is amazing. The Improv, but like the store every night is just crazy with with just comedy fans that one is he stand-up most I'm going to that are not going to be the type to be like, ah, that cross the line because they they kind of know where they're going. They know they see the line up. They know what type of people are on the line. I'm, you know, I heard bill bursts, say something interesting on his podcast. He said like now when I go on stage, saying crazier than I ever because we were craving it because yeah yeah and you also said it in an interview, I think I read: oh, they want it, it's a release. It all is it's all connected, though I mean I, think it's connected to. You know it goes to like who's in power. What that stands for what the blowback is against, who you know who they're pushing back against and then that permeates the feelings of people in public and then in shows, and it just it's this it's it's in the air. You feel it go back and forth. Just like you feel a red or blue swing in also interesting, and it all kind of ties in together. There's a lot going on and they're like the social, oh yeah, in taters, yes, and like everything, that's going on, all the little fabrics of society are really channeling through what you guys do absolutely yeah, and you can feel you sense it man that like if, if you're, if you are like, if you feel like, oh my god, we're losing this country's falling apart, you you, you tend to take like a more serious approach to everything and that person also takes a serious approach to commentary. You know it's, but then there's a whole other group of people who are like that's too much we're losing our minds if we're getting yeah and then those are the ones who want you to say that real, so they yeah they come to the shows wanting it to be like how come you didn't offend us more, you know, I've had people, email they're, like I, really thought well, like you were gonna push it harder, I'm just doing stand up and be like yeah and they're, like yeah I really was hoping you would like go harder and I was like okay, yeah, no good know it. Man and you know another one that blew me away was like the same thing. We went to Israel, we came back, we had 4G LTE and there were certain words. I couldn't say those a November I left when I came back. There was Ober all right now what Hoover was so that was new to you. Yeah! Isn't that funny man, five years, you were going viewers. It's a long time, though five years like yeah, it isn't it's longer than I thought. I came back expected everything, no I, remember studying abroad, for a semester in Spain and coming back and being like. Have you heard this song and people were like this? Song has been out for a long time, bro and like and feeling like things were like I was what happened like the country. Just like escaped me, I just I, don't know what happened, but five years feel significant. I didn't realize you know I guess I was keeping my head down in and slamming away, but these rallies kind of connected. So you don't feel that like you're, not like, culturally or not yeah, well, I guess I was but I guess you are still this. How long wait? What years were you gone? It was actually I know because I recently looked it up. It was 2010 to 2015 yeah. That's when you came back yeah, Wow bro, you just got here. I guess: we've argued it for three years: oh my god yeah man, but you guys were doing this in Israel, yeah yeah. Really what my job I was working. Full-Time I quit my job cuz we're just making youtube videos at the time. Okay, let's give it a shot. You know you guys seem so like down-to-earth and and sincere are you blown away by what you've created and and the following? Yes yeah, it's perfectly especially we're like doing with a lot of like mental barriers cuz, it's like all of a sudden you're like wait. What is my life yeah? What happened? It's do people close to you get it what's going on like do you know, I mean a family. They do now they do in a while. He was dad hated what I, what I did he's like a hard school boys? What really made it he's like you've married this clown yeah. That's a nice way to put really yeah that beriin I wish. She said that what did he tell you like, like I'm, embarrassed to tell people that the best that's my son-in-law really he's like because of what be because of personality or what videos videos there was one video back in the day. So at the time it never bothered me that one because I don't know no wait. Wait, but there was one video at good yeah. That was shake that thing not Paul was very popular, so I said yeah, it's like a parody shake that dick, because you know sure hey, let's get some dick out there I'm a little representation right. This is the new world right, and so there was just a lot of closer with my dick hanging shaking and basketball shorts. We made a lot of videos, but that happened to be the one yeah I, just I, just put it on my facebook yeah at the time. I didn't really know. No one was following us really made that I don't know 100 people that was about but I put on my facebook and and then on my dad's side yeah, and that after that it was really mad. I blocked him on Facebook. He was really mad yeah, and what about when he would would face to face? Was it cool to you why he doesn't speak English? Oh, that's kind of what actually helps sometimes just beginning. Hebrew I mean a little bit but long enough to like you know what are you just like it's like? Not about people who say they speak Spanish, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, you know he can order food in a restaurant yeah. That's all good! That's what you gotta fight I'd, be like okay, yeah, okay, so yeah my favorite one was, he said. Basically, I'm, not gonna. Tell anyone that he's my son law anymore, wow, there's an older, worse phone was like if I see another video like that he's not gonna step in the house, something like that. Okay! So that's shake this dick, though right or shake that day out. It's probably oh you've got to shake that dick, but I. Don't know that we can show that I, don't very graph. What about that aside? Was he still upset like you're? Making? Videos like this is just a stupid thing that you guys are doing I mean aside from the dick like the differing idea. He sees it's. He sees it as vulgar he's just you know. My dad is very unplaced with everything in life. No, it was just another thing like I. Don't understand what you guys are doing so I'm not approving over that and what about now so now loves it. I'll tell you what proud money helps people I understand right now we're like successful, so it's like we can afford proud of the problem. Bucketheads. Now that's right! It's like that. But if we you know it's pretty simple like so now that you know yeah he's like cool yeah, but that makes sense. He doesn't it's a different world. You understand what we're doing, especially when I quit my job. Yeah I was like you know now. Do you guys feel like that? Do you feel like you are parallel to show business being the the lane, but in other words, being YouTube and and and you know, I mean or do you feel like you're right there in it and some people, because it is like so massive, you know it's undeniable and you're in the entertainment capital. Does it feel like you're? Just a you know, right next to no I, can you know I, don't feel parallel feel a whole different, because a different because, like nobody is involved with what we do know how it's just us, we don't any, which is the desk. It is women. It's the best part of podcasting period, yeah I, take it for granted. Cuz we've never had any other way, but like all of our videos, everything we do, we have a clothing company. There's nobody but I want answers. I came for that teddy fresh swag I'm here, man last we got. We have worth swag down wagon up, oh yeah. Well, at any rate, it feels different. It feels different and I guess well, mostly, because there's not nobody's really crossing over mm mm like traditional media is not really they're, not really understanding. It know and they're not really tapping into it. I think that there's just ahead of the game on a tall man, I, don't know I, feel I feel we have a lot to offer like I. Think that when a guest comes on our show mm-hmm the press and publicity and like exposure that they get is way more than like Jimmy Kimmel, for example, I feel like that's measurably factually true, but for some reason yeah. You know you have there's no trouble getting people, though do they. They have to see what you guys do and be like. Oh, my god, we don't have the we don't have the contacts we don't have the you know. We don't have all those channels that, like you, get we're gonna talk about something yeah, but I. Also think part of it is just that we I don't know the podcast is only a year old. So it's not. It doesn't like deep roots or anything yeah the whole thing's don't use like 2013 Bros. We talk right five years, it's great it. You could say you could, you could almost say [, __ ] back then almost yeah I preferred our work. I want to know about em word. What's the M word, marijuana: wait! We're we're editing that we're having marijuana, downside, ampulla, trying I, don't know win, not because it was racist against mexican-americans, because marijuana is a is Spanish, I guess, marijuana huh, and so they might, he won yeah yeah. It was used to discriminate to demonize Mexicans Mexicans eat marijuana for breakfast. Well, that okay, well I, guess here here you go I'll, give you a little taste of the of the term. What races are as saying marijuana? Why? Because it's racist, ass, color and their devilish ways now. The word itself is an inherently racist, but it was used by American, prohibitionist okay. This is why people are losing their mind exactly and coming to the Bill burr show and being like, say some wild, because this is and there's another one where I go. Is this a parody, video, the digital blackface one? Did you see that one yeah yeah video you did yeah okay I was like I was real, oh yeah? No, that one's below the way I keep hearing about it, like I, heard it on BBC about like doing a blackface like these gifts, I've our alter ego that I don't called white face man that I hover myself in, like my man here, you go dude the the craziest part about the like the commentary as fantastic. The crazy part about the commentary about digital blackface was that you know it says something. She said something like stop and think before you send that gift right. Yeah of you know, Kevin Hart right your friend. It's not that's not for our amusement entertainment and it's like that's how you know. That is just because he's here for our amusement entertainment, but it's not it's not like you're, just taking random footage of black dudes on the street. No that's a thing from his special when I duty to laugh at oh man, they kept showing entertainers the way the whole. The whole scheme was like. That thing looks crazy. That guy being less racist is so his point anyway. Is that, like, let's say, call the M word and if you really want to be politically correct, call it cannabis? Okay, I, don't want to be so just for the right hair. What else yeah? Let's not take that one away I think we should start all emphasizing that it's marijuana yeah all right, let's, let's throw it to a quick break, okay and we will be right back with the great hilarious and wonderful Tom Segura, all the specials out on Netflix and he's on tour, guys we'll be right back. You have definitely heard me talking about me and East. You know the fun comfy undies that feel as good as they look yeah Exhibit A, please to those of you who haven't tried them. Listen up. You can get incredible underwear sent to your door with me on these meaning, no more hunting around for the perfect pair at a crowded store and eventually settling for good enough mandis are made with the sustainably sourced material from beechwood trees, people. We are cutting down forests to bring you these underwear, okay, but Beach. It sounds exotic. I'll say that they're, naturally soft fiber make a fabric that won't snag down or ride up and trust me once you put on a pair you'll get it now. What I'd like to say is please turn to Exhibit B ela, to show us how flexible and breathable rideable these undies are. That's an atomic wedgie. That's the h3 atomic wedgie challenge, get a pair of me undies and give yourself an atomic wedgie and send us pictures, because I guarantee doesn't even hurt wow. You got like everything tucked right in there yeah I'm telling you can tuck everything right in there and you won't even notice it's the atomic poison challenge. It's almost like giving your genitals a massage. Am I right either? Yes, there you have it from from the mouth from ear mouth itself, Mandy's the show sure you're gonna love your first pair that if you're not happy they'll do whatever you can they can to get you into the right pair and if they can't keep them and you'll, don't refund you. So it really is risk free to try the best underwear ever made and if you're already part of the me undies fam tell your friends about it. Through the referral program. They'll get a discount and you'll get store credit when, when mother effers offer how about this for first-time purchasers, get 15% off their first pair of Mandy's and free shipping, Dean 1/5, mother, effers, that's 50% off plus free shipping and guarantee that you and your me undies will be very happy together. So get your butts over to me Andy's calm and treat yourself to get 50% of your first pair. You look go ahead, an atomic wedgie one more time. 50% of your purse pair free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed yeah. You could tuck your head right in there. If you wanted to that's how breathable and flexible these are. These are I'm wearing, like Ethan Zohn, go to me, Andy's, calm, /h I just want to get the URL in there me Andy's, calm, /h 3. That's me, Andy's, calm, /h 3! It's gonna! Take your junk. It's gonna, smooth it out! I have this problem: mice junks everywhere it itches it chafes the beltline messes up my skin. This doesn't do that because it's soft it's made from beechwood tree, give yourself an atomic wedgie you're gonna love it. Thank you to hims for sponsoring this episode. Sexual performance issues are more common than you think. You'e, okay and- and you experience it a lot over 25% of new IDI cases are guys under 40. That's shocking 40% of men by the age 40 struggle from not being able to get a fat hard to put in a hole, even the world's greatest actors can't fake one. Why do you guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when you can turn instead to medicine and science that can inject some energy into your God flow? You're blowing it down you wanna? Dump your blood flow, it's just! It makes your blood flow to your penis for hips, calm, a one-stop-shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for men, thanks to science, edie can be optional, helps connect you with real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat your limp. Dick well known generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions to help you combat edie. This is not snake oil pills or gas station. Counter supplements I see those all the time the gas stations dragon bill. It's like 20 bucks. It's like the weirdest from China God, god forbid the desperate man who actually eats whatever one that we bought just go to the package. It's like 3d. It is not that prescription solutions backed by science, so there's no waiting room, no awkward, doctors at no lines save hours by going to four hands, calm, so easy answer. A few quick questions and chat with a doctor for a confidential review products are shipped directly to your door. Being your best means performing your best with a fat raging. Boner I, don't know if it does I think it I, don't know what it does. How would I know what it does is: go ahead, dr. Klein doctor. It helps relax blood vessels and improves blood flow to your benefit. What are you reading Wow there you go to allow for a harder and long-lasting erection longer either side is thinking about signing me up for this no in-person doctor. Is it not anymore? It's a wreck tile with other dysfunction, hard made easy say hello friend, they told me to say that's pretty creepy, but I'll. Do it call to action? Try aims for a month today for just five dollars. I said doll hairs, but they do expect money from you will get. You started for just five bucks, while supplies last see website for full details this, because 100 of bucks do you want to a doctor or pharmacy so go to for him: calm, /, h3e d, that's fo, r, hims, calm, /, h3e d, forbes.com /, h3e d to get that blood flowing and get that what what is the word EULA flowing close that damn going going, I'm going, yeah, yeah thanks thanks to them truth is most of us are brushing our teeth wrong, not for long enough and forget to change our brush on time. That's because most Brent focus on selling flashy gimmicks, rather than better brushing, but not quit. So what makes quip so different? Let me tell you, for starters: it's pretty good yo. Are you good? Where are we quick? Is an electric toothbrush? Nice? That's a fraction of the cost. Is the camera merula I think you should listen. Y'all know, I have to give quip a ceremonial entrance angelic one. If you will, because this toothbrush not only changed my life, but it changed the world. Why do you think Oprah's got it on her o list? It's not because it's a vibrating tube with multi purpose, o list. This toothbrush changed my life and the world. Let me tell you why it's slick, it's modern, it's affordable! It gives you the best brush possible I'm obsessed with oral hygiene. If my mouth is gross or anyone else, I'm with I'll judge you I swear to God. I will judge you. Okay, so don't be that guy get this toothbrush. It gives you a perfect brush, vibrating, wonderful! It tells you when to switch sides, so you always know that you're getting the perfect brush now I know why Oprah was like. Oh, it's a quick, it's the toothbrush, that's killing it and will change your life forever. Okay, what else clip starts at just $25 and you go get quick calm. So I say it's true right now you can get your first refill pack free with equip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill back free and when you know are they always like at the end of commercials now you're supposed to accentuate that bug, it's GE t qu IP, dot-com, / h3 get quipped calm, /, h3 I guarantee it. You go! Try this toothbrush, you're gonna be hearing this music every morning. Thank you to quit. Wow. Those were some really good. Sponsor reads: right, Gila, all right killing it! You guys are great I want to ask you I love this story. I heard you tell about how you almost got pitched as Jared's no fish lavash younger meatball eating brother and I love this story. So much because, basically you were like you thought it was your big break. I knew it was my big right. I knew I was 25 mmm. Why are you 25 you're doing a day job here? What were you doing at the time I was working in post as a reality shows. You were editing, no I wasn't editing. I was a at first I was a logger like transcribing. What's a logger there's so many jobs, it's great! It's the worst job. You want employers write a no. No, they sent you the raw tape, so they you know when they shoot a reality for seven cameras run. So they send you. Every single tape comes in and it's transcribed verbatim so that when the story department puts together a reality, show an episode. They can manipulate all the footage so you're, just a field discovering every dumb thing. They said, if you say I, don't know, I guess: I'll go I have to write, I, don't know like that. Wow and then you know they do these things called Franken bites. You know what that's where you cut a line, mid-sentence and piece something else together to it, so that you can say, because we making bits, because we always say like this: a Frankenstein sequence. You know when we haven't always it up. Yeah the MD building a mom. They do horrific stuff with it. You know because you would say like I, love, shredder and then I hate. You know, I, don't know pumpkin pie and then they'll cut it to it. I hate, shredder and then everyone, the always like, like I hates his dog, and then they show their actions from other people from a different clip. You know yeah and exactly and then that's the episode, there's and then the reaction people are like. Oh my god, I always think about that, because it's like you're filming people doing nothing. Yeah you've got it needs work. Yeah, he's a lot of work and he's a lot of work. Then those there's people who, in that Lane that is their specialty. It's the story, Department on reality, Rankin Stein they Frank and by that I'm just typing us, and really it's horrible and I'm doing stand-up at night and then going on sometimes on commercial auditions. When I go on this one and I got a callback which I thought was cool and then they're like hey. This isn't just for a commercial. This is for a campaign, hmm meaning this will be airing and massively and all the time and it will build and grow and then the next thing they tell me is like it's gonna be it's with subway and the idea is you're gonna be Jared's brother, Jared, Fogle from Subway and and Jared, because he lost like 500. Pounds can only promote healthy subs and we need someone that can promote unhealthy subs and you look like you can do that. I love that I love. You know it's like so directly and at first I know me that I was like yeah, great and they're, like so he'll, be like get the turkey sub and you'll be like get the chicken parm and, like that'll, be the ad yeah and then they're go and you're gonna be like his derelict psycho brother. So I go to this one audition where this is like now, the third or fourth cuz. This is a huge commitment from them. This one, that's like all improv and they're. Having me improvise and with like this director, what do you do they have you in? Would you know your outfit would have been no because at first they just go they're just like you know, just show up and you're a pig. Basically, you know I'm just wear a t-shirt and jeans and and I'm riffing and I and I. Remember my friend drove me to the audition, even though I don't know why he drove me, but he was outside and I left. He goes you're booked in this job I go why he goes man, they were laughing in there. So hard and I was like yeah I. Don't know man I, don't know so we leave and then I have another callback and it's with the director and it's just weird it just doesn't it's just weird he's like like do what I tell you to do? Do okay, be like hey yeah, it's taste, pretty good good. You want me to say yeah that taste, no, no say hey, that's taste, pretty good, hey! Then no I say: hey, hey! Okay! He's pretty good! Hey, hey, hey! That's! How he's talking to me during it so I'm, like I'm sitting there, like this guy's, cutting me off every other sentence to say, like things taste good, you know like it's not like I'm doing a take and he's like try it from this angle. He's doing line reads as I: do them so I just go alright and I walk out of there. I'm like that, was one of the weirdest experiences. It just didn't feel you know like this man interaction! No and it wasn't good chemistry. It wasn't good. A good vibe I leave whatever and the next day I get a call and they're like so we heard it didn't, go well in there and I was like what did they want from you? I? Don't know, oh god, I, don't know what I'm supposed to do. Hey I started to do it like that taste really good! Is that it, and so then they're like, but you did so well on the audition before that, and the producers and the advertisers are so on board with you from that that you booked it director hates you. So you got the job yeah and then they go I'll. Just tell you I, don't think I've ever said it, but so the the the what I got was a guarantee of 250 grand for the whole campaign. No, no just like peak for shooting this and having one heir Wow Wow, but then some cheddar then as soon as the residuals exceed. So you know more money until the residuals exceed 250 and then you get residual checks and then I'll start getting checks for live appearances where Jared and I will go insane and Jared holds up his pants for a lot of parents. I don't know I think they were saying like you were gonna get something like 10 or 15. Grand I'll show up but mind you yourself, wait then 25 years old, transcribe, that's huge! Oh no! That button like $600 a week to do that yeah. So when I, when they booked it, they go. You know I'm kind of waiting for it to come together and then they said, we're gonna start shooting commercials in Jersey. They fly me out. We shoot three commercials over the course of like a week. What were you wearing? I'm really curious, so the first ad, where they just like, be yourself man, if you know uh, no they're like it. You know that song round and round yeah I forget who sings that round baby right, not right, not right, baby round. It's like oh rocks a hat or something? Yes. Yes, yes, yes, so I pull up in a Trans Am. This song is playing and they're having a family reunion and I pull up that song's, playing and I have like a leather vest on and like maybe like a like a leather wrist thing and some chains love it and as I pull into the it's like a park and they're having a family reunion, I kind of have pull onto a curb. You know like I, pull too far yeah and then I get out I'm like you're, almost like a bad boy, yeah kind of a bad boy, but totally and chicken parmesan, the in bad boy, yeah, the chicken all right, bad boy, kind of, but also lost in time, I'm like where's everybody at you know, I heard about this angle. Yeah, like who's gonna, want to be that guy they're like eat chicken, parm like this guy right. It's a weird angle. That is a weird angle and like you want to be this guy and kind of, and he's and they're kind of that kind of they are being telling me like, be be dumb, you're kind of the you're, the goofy brother right. That's like that hasn't seen Jared in a while, of course, they're named your estranged from the family. Yesterday, yeah and now you just came back to eat bad food, and then, of course they gave me. Oh the name, your Jerez brother Jerome, that's dumb and which is you know and the fact I brought up to them. I was like yeah. That's the recipe play I have to say. Were you nervous about bringing up because you said to the producers or the director, yeah Jerome seems like a black name. Yes, let you guys know yeah Jermaine. No, they I was I was not nervous to tell them that I was not nervous. I was like you're doing the right thing. I just thought I was I, go like we're about to launch onto a this. Is gonna, be what people yell at me on the street and for here- and you know they told me they go. You know we're shooting three right now were slated to do ten. If these have any these are Jarrod's in them. So if this is following the trajectory, yours can be shooting, like thirty commercials a year or whatever your life or year I'm like Jerome I'm like -, come on so I just saw him like dude. That's a black guys like it is and I mean I know the the people would be like it could be anybody's name, that's true, so can Connor that could be anybody's name, but it's not it's a white guy's name yeah. So they go alright. You know we'll think about it. What's hotter and we'll talk to you and then they came back and they're like we think you're right, I love that they make the great minds getting together. The subway might have indeed confirmed. We have our own news block, excuse black, you nailed it. Anyone could have it yeah, but it's less black excuse black yeah. We got your new name, -, Jermaine and I. Just sat there I go, are you serious and they go yeah I mean this 10 times blacker and they were just like that's your name. Final answer. Final answer, Jermaine's here, worse way, worse, which was like okay. So then we just we shot that one in that Park. Then we shot one where I was like. Oh yeah, I remember, um I was having I had a basement band. I was like guys come on and, like you know, I had like we were just like a shitty basement band. I was the lead. Man in like chair was show up, be like what are you doing, Jermaine and I'm like let's eat? We we shot that one I remember, there's another one, and then it was just. You know then you're just like playing the waiting game like a flew back I'm. They pay for those because well you I got paid all the the day rate stuff to do those the two or 50 grand I would get as soon as the first one. When I aired right- and it was like a few months later and I- remember one of my friends texted me- he was like sucks about Subway. He found out before you uh-huh and I go. What do you mean he's like you're, not doing those ads I'm like how do you know that huh wait? Was this the sex scandal? No, oh! No! This is way back when you know I, don't know how he found out, but what happened was the VP of Marketing, yeah, retired Oh? The new VP came in and wasn't down on it? Well, he just killed everything that that guy was doing. It was the greatest thing that ever happened was no. No, they were just like. I have weird new there's a new marketing team, and that's it's very common in corporate world where, if the new guy doesn't want your old idea succeed, you know he wants it to be on yeah on him. So and especially if it sucks, he can't be. You know he got to be like I I scratch that but anyways I informed my agent I called him and I was like so the subway things that happened. He was the are you talking about uh-huh and I'm, like dude I, just read this article and then he called me back he's like yeah yeah I just called him, and they that break your heart at the time yeah I mean it wasn't like this. You know life-changing breakup thing where but I remember just being like wow. That was right here. It's gone and one mm I mean like yeah that, but in retrospect surely you're just like think I'm gone Jermaine everybody French man as I walk down the streets, another like yeah, but not only that I mean you'd, be associated with the greatest Fogel, the greatest Fogel of all time. Mr. mogill hung out with him. After one of those shoots. Huh you get a weird vibe. What was Fogle like in person, yeah I mean no I, can't I mean he's not not just like a normal loose dude. Okay, you know I, don't know how to describe I mean he's one of those guys that should never became famous yeah. It's weird that he's what I think is right, I think he's just so used to being probably looked at and asked for a picture or something and there's not a lot behind that. You know that you know it's just because he lost weight and he's on these commercials. So yeah he's just kind of like. Do you think when you heard those tapes, were you like surprised so really I. Just remember I, remember you know the are the things I remember. Where is that like for the for the commercials that I got a shitty trailer like a shitty one, he had like a multimillion-dollar bus, he was like. Do you want to come on this bus and I was like I want to see it for sure yeah and I got on I? Remember he just had it was in the summer in Jersey that we were shooting these commercials and his his bus had like 60 degree AC on it and I was like I stay in here. It was I. Remember that was amazing and then I remember. His friend was with him and he was complaining about that. The subway execs were talking about how he was gaining weight. They were upset. They were like I love that, like it's man is but he's like you look great Jer to Jerry he's like he's, got yes, but being like you're, not fat, yeah, and then he goes. Do you want split a pizza thanks for real yeah and I, go okay. What so we're at the W Hotel and he ordered pizza, Wow yeah I have bet there was something in his contract was like. You can eat pizza, of course, yeah yeah yeah and they were like. You can't be seen eating other fast foods. Jarrid phenomenon is so crazy, like they're treating them like royalty, he's just a guy that lost weight. Any sandwiches. It just blows my mind to this day, like phenomenal Jerry. Did you I was by Darrell I've, never seen it it's. Why I think that marketing campaign really did a lot for Subway, because I was during the five foot, though I don't live long. If I don't follow those loves. Those things do not continue without being successful. You know I'm saying that a campaign yeah he was their spokesman for 15 a lot of Subway during those years yeah and it wasn't healthy subway either. No, you got here the Jermaine, so I got how ya doing yeah. No, he was um. He lucked out crazy on getting that gig of what she made. What's his net worth, I'm gonna. Look that up I think it was ahead of you yeah you so he'll just be one all right. Folks, Jared Fogle gotten our Internet yeah from prison. He just hacked into this stream. Oh you think Jared was behind it, I'm sure I, don't have a single doubt about it. Wait here, I can see us right now. We're live, I think we're back. Okay, whoo we are back. Our conversation was on a whole conversation. Not our whole conversation I, don't know about Jared Jared, getting our no! No. What are we today? Did they get us up? Saying the N word about your time. Can you cut that out? I, don't think we can cut that out. Can I say that you said it yeah. We said it was just us all right, so we're good down. We can continue as we were yeah. It looks like yeah. It looks like we're. When did that happen? You uh just now. I said that anyway, that was dramatic. The internet dropped out, but apparently we're back. I was just looking up. Fogle can maybe he could tweet out that we're back live or some man cares I'll. Do it don't figure? They know what they know. The rules Jared Fogle's net worth is 15 million. You guessed, it guess. 15 milli, it's good Gesine sandwich just saying I love that he was in his trailer. Take a walk, yeah, it's all. He did. Do you think he like? He lost 500 pounds, though. Actually you see I, don't know there was five. I might be good, but I mean it was over 300 pounds yeah. It was a lot a lot. God bless him. He just for them. It was supposed to be a. It was a men's health article, so he it was just like a thing where of this guy, who was super obese lost bunch of weight by going on walks, and it wasn't that subway was weight, loss food, he was like I, just I would walk and go get a 6-inch sub, a veggie, Delite, erson, yeah and then I would keep walking and I. Did this every day wait, and that was an ad and subway saw it was like we should run a commercial really I like goddamn, and that just you know, took off from there damn all the work he did. Man yep he had the easiest ride in life, but he had to be a pedophile piece of sh. I was like the biggest one of the great pedophile twists of history. Yeah I mean now. You guys see a lot of this, but this is one of the great ones. That's one of the great downs like when you look at a kind of like always a twist. Well, no, when you look at a guy like Jimmy Savile, you like that guy definitely rapes. Kids, yeah, but Jarrod yeah I mean I, guess I definitely didn't see it coming, but he have some creepy he's got high quality, - yeah yeah! Well, god bless man, glad that you dodged that hole after that 6-inch sandwich, not J, yeah I never would have been able to shake that man was wearing for years and years. Think it even if you went on to be successful as I'm sure you would. It would just be like this great meme about yeah yeah. The story is so good and I do I have I do want to see the commercials I was thinking like. Oh you know. If you can get in touch with the right person, you could get them. Then I realized. That's evidence. Well, yeah, it's well! It's just that! There's no like because he's in it. It was I'm sure it's it's a little stranger yeah! You like telling this story, no who's, that no they can't gonna do now yeah, you know and they killed it did today in their defense. They do. You know why they killed it. That all I always heard was just the marketing the marketing VP. All right, yeah yeah, that's it I, sell I, think I was told yeah I heard you tell a story another great one. From from from what was it disgraceful right about you, uh, being fat saved your life when you overdosed? No, that was on this is not happening. Are years right right was that on me, son, yeah, yeah, I, love that story so much you overdose on drugs, mm-hmm, when you were freshmen in college and the doctor says being fat saved, your life is basic or one of the two only times being fast in life and I wanted to say, because it it struck in me our memory of a fat guys whose life was saved because he was fat and it stuck with me I wanted to share that story. What is it? I was watching cops mm-hmm and there was a guy who was stabbed like by a six-inch, really brutal blade mm-hm and the cop is like how like you choked, shows up and the guy's just sitting there he's completely fine he's huge he's old beasts. Massives got he got stabbed with a six-inch blade, didn't touch, though the vital bomb he was told if he was just sitting there having anything at all good and so I thought to myself. He was fat and I saved his life dude in in the commercials for why you should be fatty, should tell these stories. There's you know, there's benefit, they should be like. Do you get stabbed, it won't hit any vital right, and if you take a lot of drugs, good chance, you live through. It be fat that should be the commercial right be fat yeah it was, it was. Mine was like they were just like. You should definitely be dead right. That's you know when they were looking at the toxicology and I was like. Why am I not dead, then and they're like because you're like 255 pounds and like that's the only? We can think that you've lost a lot of weight since then, since then, yeah I mean I actually lost a lot of weight after that and kept it off for a few years gained all that back and then some and then lost part of that again. Yeah up and down so real healthy for your system. I know, I didn't do I'm, always like that. It's so hard I'm, like I'm a naturally fat guy, no always battling I, yeah, Greg Fitzsimmons told me he goes you're built to be fat. That's what he said to me. I was like guys a great title or day to be fat is a great title. Yeah man, I, don't know, I mean now I'm, just I'm really trying to maintain. You know like with try to avoid sugar as much as I can, if, like that, was like my big thing, without one sugars, just it's just horrible debate about stuff all the time: sugars, poison, sugars, poisoned without without question yeah and the sugar lobby is enormous. And that's what you know. It's a powerful, powerful lobby. I lose my mind sometimes because I try to cut on a sugar too, at the grocery store. There's sugar and everything like you can't even find bread I'm. That's one thing that drives me crazy: in Israel, the bread is not sweet and why should it be sweet? It's mature! It's bread, and here it's I can't stand. There's someone who's like five grams of sugar, there's, sometimes like seven grams of sugar. What I want I want it so badly I want that sweet bread, all of it I want our science. No one treats cookies brownies. It's I want pancakes waffles, yeah I wanted all men, pasta come on. I wanted all the time, but yeah I try to avoid it. You know as much as I can sometimes I'll go without having it for like a month more than like I only have incidental sugar. Sometimes you know, but that and then act. Let me I've been a workout trainer. Now I didn't boxing other than are you working out four days a week? Wow! That's a lot! Yeah! Are you actively still on the decline? Weight-Wise I felt, like I, hit a plateau recently and then I increased the workouts a couple weeks ago. Where do you do it is I'm like in a gym in a gym, I go to a small gym where you just do like one-on-one training, so we start doing that, but I found that it was I liked it I go on like sometimes too, which I think is great. You know great if you and your outside you'd, like that's uphill, you're, doing pretty intense cardio I, don't know it's uh, it's always a battle, though man. You know I feel like yeah like five days away from it all falling I know I like that. People like ela she's, just like it's so easy for skinny people like you I, have that do just put down the fork. No but I understand cuz I I've been trying to gain weight before like I get a load of this I know get a load. I have been trying, though, and I'm not succeeding, so I understand the cyclic of not succeeding to make a stupid change like gain weight. What's the problem, I don't know. What's the problem? Well, we have different, you know, systems and basically her. You know her body just processes it completely differently. It's basically a more efficient system. You know I feel like she's, just not humped, like I I feel like double hump. Yes, I crave and desire hamburgers and pizza yeah, every yeah I'm with you brother. They could dry yeah it's it is it's not like it. I used to think I've says before I used to think that people that weren't fat just didn't like food, you know, but it's kind of true I, don't know I, don't think they like it as much as us, I think mmm, it's not a did. We have more of an addiction than them, but I still know a a lot of them. A lot of them like some of them, are just healthy and no like. Oh, you shouldn't eat, garbage all the time yeah and then that kind of is unlikely to be around I. Think about a lot. Is it an issue of self control or we kind of genetically? Well, both yeah we're genetically weaker or you know, were inclined to be alcoholics. For example, yeah but I think we, you know it's a matter of efficiency. - like your your body, you know some. Some bodies are like perfectly engineered for food and if you get the sugar spike, it just processes everything effectively and efficiently and then there's you know like there's, there's the super obese, where it's like. That's a that's where the efficiency is completely off right and then there's like in-between my god. He did. Yeah remains Jermaine's yeah, the Jane of the world yeah, it's just like you're, just like goddamn, it's actually worse right when you're like like me or you're, just like, like you're just hanging on like it's just steps away from falling off the other route. I used to have a roommate in college, who was like you'd like very thin that dude and he was just dying to gain weight yeah he would eat, he would try to eat and gain weight then, would make shakes and we get one day we we were counting the calories needed like 12,000 calories, yeah, yeah and it just didn't matter, wouldn't gain his body. I was just like no ya, wouldn't gain a pound. You know in nature. We were the survivors. We are right, yeah well yeah cause. If I got overdose of drugs, oh yeah I would be like gone yeah or if you can't find food out, no I'll leave right stock up. Yeah I'll tell you: what, with in the zombie apocalypse, we're gonna be, will be the survivors. That's right, die eventually it'll take a while, but we'll get to have the pleasure of seeing all of our loved ones die. First flesh, yeah you'll, be tribal leaders, yeah yeah! Well, we'll be survivors. I'm sure you know. The other thing I really related to in that story is how the first thing after you find out you not that it's like. The first thing you were worried about is if your parents are mad at you, oh yeah, it's so much like how I live. It was my first panic. It was panic when I came to I was in a coma. I didn't know, I was in a coma, I guess: I'm literally I'm. Looking at ceiling lights and I see this doctor who I know it's my friend's mother, oh and she sees me, come to and she's like you're in the hospital I was like and I have tubes in my mouth and my arms are restrained. I call this year putting together, he has. It happened like like you're in the hospital. She was you overdosed and you're in the hospital, but we're taking care. You know mm-hmm and then I just see my parents coming. My whole thought was like do they know? Do they know what I did yeah, oh yeah and they were like yeah and I wrote that down to my I really drove down to him? Are you mad at me which, like looking back on it, makes me like feel bad for me as that kid, like it's kind of a sweet thought very and you know, are you mad at me to your dad, yeah and him looking reading and going like just disappointed? Yeah is like you're alive and death yeah. Did you make the joke? I wondered about heroin. You overdosed on heroin. I said what you overdose on. You said heroin yeah, you did that I did do that. Yeah I really did do. That. I was like the part that I didn't do. I think in the in real life was right, JK, but I did write heroin and people were like- oh yeah, of course, like I'm, just killed and yeah, but to be joking in that you had yeah and yeah even back, then. Oh, that's a special moment. Jackie Jo yeah in writing on a nope in writing with the wrong hand, I'm left-handed I wrote in right hand like yeah I'm, like ha ha ha [Laughter]. So you on your podcast. You guys talk about Browntown, a lot yeah and all that yeah. We do too. You do to them. A lot of we gotta go on a double date: I want to ground the cover and what's Tina's favorite favorite, it's mine. He was not so much into it. I can't stop talking about it. It's just my life, the just resigned to it. You know he's not up. For another reason: your father's upset. He talked about poop all the time, but he won't like that either it wasn't like I wasn't talking about poop before we got married. No, you were it wasn't like we got married and alls it's all the sudden I was like yeah. Let me tell you about my one of our presence on YouTube. Was you talking about how your wife really and yeah, and it's and it's a debate that lasts to this day, so I wanted to ask you some wiping and pooping questions? If you don't mind, absolutely ok, good. So, first of all tell me: do you use baby wipes? No, but I do I have used baby wipes a white pack outside of the house at that house, fantastic. If that's your, if you're out in public yeah and I have used baby wipes in in some situations like you know the new habit you start attacking and what, but the best by far is having a bidet or a wash light. I don't get the, but did the great debate we have on this. Podcast is baby wipes. First, bidet I don't get the bidet and I feel like you're, a hairy guy. Like me, oh it's, the sky having their hairy, [, __, ], yeah and I. Don't understand this process. We have a bidet in our new house yeah and I've squirted water on my I've tried it ok, this is the update. People are waiting for yeah everybody's I, don't get it because it doesn't really clean the [ __ ], it just sprays and then and then like. How do you, because you put toilet paper on the [, __ ] and there's all this hair here, just bunches up and you've got a paper mache. Oh I hear it come over and in my house? Ok, yes, are you gonna, be there with me too, walk me through? Why? Yes, REO tell me okay! So first of all you have, we have you have different speeds. Different temperatures are you doing like we have a different temperatures. Is every temperature sit yeah, awesome? Okay! No! No! But I'll tell you it's squirt! It's like you're at amateur hour. I need to come over. Okay, so I'm having another new one installed tomorrow. Yeah I have to total wash let eat, 350s, not sponsors, but I'm, probably product, okay and then take know yes about a bio bidet sent me another one, that's the one going in tomorrow, so the these total wash, let's are game-changers I mean you guys. The price tag I think I think what I heard was I went to one of their wholesale outlets, and they told me this I was like. Could we rented a house once for a year that had one so we bought our house? I was one you needed it. We are not moving in here. Without this yeah and I mean like look at my chest right. It's like I mean why take a it's like I. Have this it'd be like somebody just took a birthday cake and smashed it on my chest, clean it up with a piece of paper you know, but that okay go ahead. So debate anyways, you have the remote here right, the wall on the wall and you can take it out and hold it if you go I think I think the wholesale. This is what they told us. The the wholesale place said like it's like 1500, or something like that. If you go order it from their company and that Amazon had them new, not used for close to that used, no I'm saying I was making the point said it's Amazon, but it's a new, but I mean if you want to buy a mine, that's fine! So I'm we've got okay, we've got a reference. Here is what we thought. You said the 350 right. So while it bidet toilet seat, Auto, open and clean, there's just the seat, my dude, no there's the remote next to it there and yeah. This is Amazon's Joe. Absolutely so wait a minute! So you press your button yeah. They have rear or front wash right because it women a lot of women refer the front wash yeah on the front. The back you ever double up, I, don't double up. I do use the dryer and dryer yeah. So what I do is there's soft pressure, so I'll run that at first right and just let that no toilet paper at all I mean sometimes, if you feel like this is a real mud. But I'll do like a curb item. Yeah, were you just like I? Don't look I'm, just let's get some of that chunk on you, don't love it then I'm gonna peek at it, no I, always pee least take one look. Sometimes I do but sometimes I'm like that's a disaster and I'll just do like a cursory wipe I'll do the soft run, which is warm but kind of soft water for a while and then I'll do a white yeah a little tease, right, yeah and then I'll do a wipe and I'm like. Is there more business to be done here or not, and if there is wait, wait you give it a soft right, give it and just let it run, and then you give it a wipe. Then I give it away. How do you wipe their area like? How long do you? How do you wipe a wet hairy ass? Well, this is the X variable that I, don't I, think I. Think it's just a matter of you don't want it to be too thin. So maybe you know you wrap your hand a little bit right. So, there's a little thickness right, what you're wiping with Ray right and then your Y feel like a dab or you get in. There depends on the on the day but like who today, I did hot ones right, yeah, it's very fiery: ass full of a day. Yeah I mean it was it's been kind of gnarly, so now that watch, there's no towel involved. Is there? What's that, there's no towel involved towel yeah? No, no! They breaks they use a towel. That's another I! Don't understand they take a white towel. Your brother is one of them he's. What he's telling me he's got a towel that he dries off his ass home. Like bro, you have a shitty, [ __ ] in your bathroom, while you're calling me that's what I know. This is what I don't understand but days that's. Why is this what the Israeli people are like? No, a lot of people do the bidet towel I'm telling you they have shitty hand towels great on the wall and I never knew that and uh he's. Not the only one they'd use a washcloth in the shower yeah. Just remember a kid staying at someone's house and they're, like I'm gonna, take a shower like here's, a washcloth and you're like I'm, not poor, like what are you talking about dude I know so I, don't love whatever I say that people get so. Thank you. I knew that about you. Just looking at yeah or just say that to like I knew that about yeah cuz you're, a little strange, you're, a little strange yeah. So, okay back to the wipe, though so we got you get that that soft run goes. You wipe? Okay, then, if there's still something there, then I go I hit the the it hard yes and then it's like a little bit like a fire hose yeah. It really revs it up and I'm telling you if you're a hairy dude that thing I love clean you up so the big day that I've got think more like a veg wash it's nothing. It's just like a faucet and you're. Okay. I. Add that lamb! No! This is like the pressure real pressure heat, which is important need to have warm to hot water. Doing this I'm gonna at my house, bro come over there you wanna test, drive yeah, take you first buy it absolutely well we're reporting back on the park. I. Is this seat? Heated, yes and of course, also here's? Oh my god, I discovered this on accident. With that thing, first of all, the lid opens automatically when you walk in to the room right. So the lid is there. So if you want to say if you want to sit down great, but here's the other thing that remote that remote, the top of it, which is mounted to your wall, lifts the seat. So when you go, you just push it and it goes that so you never have to lift up. I see didn't I mean I can jump knowledge that you call plumber to install it. You can have a handyman, a plumber because someone's got to put their hands in a toilet bowl yeah, it's nice to clean it for them a little bit but yeah I, know I, guess I'm, not I'm, not imagining. It's not legit stains in it, but I, know and wrote. I sat down okay today, so I had gnarly morning. You know hot ones dude anyway, yeah yeah a couple weeks, but so I went I. Think twice. You know, I was like as bad man and then I'm getting ready to come here and I'm, like man still feeling the rescission I, just I gotta check out. How do you know? I did I just sat on that I didn't do anything I just sat down and let water run there for a while cool it off and then I checked out. I mean you know, 15 20 seconds I was just like. Oh I mean you can let it run till it stops running which I've done. It's got some kind of tank yeah. It's got like a mechanism. Well, it's just like I think it's after a minute, he'll just shut down. What do you feel like when it runs out of water? What's the fit you're, like ah I mean yeah, you disappointed you feel a little disappointed, get them to sit and wait for it to recharge. No, no! You just press it right away again, yeah so that it doesn't just keep running. Like it takes a breath, yeah yeah yeah, it's another goes right back work yeah. This makes me think of George Costanza because it was always like in the chase of the perfect. The perfect public toilets are like silent, but this is like the perfect toilet I like I'm doing this. If you tried it yesterday, I had a break between that and something else and trying to take a in Hollywood in midday is one of most horrible experiences. I can imagine I mean like what specifically holy. What specifically is mad enough. Yeah I mean even if you go in there, man you want to see Starbucks and how I wouldn't like we have no toilet and you're like what star back to five years, yeah and they're like no. No, no, we don't even have one just I end up going to a Ralph's yeah I've been there pretty horrific yeah been there, my girls, probably not the worst. No, no. What are bucks would have been worse. I've been doing really disgusting. What well I've been to wrong, not I. Peed that you hover, you don't sit. Yeah really yeah do that they hover I, don't get the hover. There's special species and they've got a little dangling on back I. Don't know, I still, don't really understand the vagina after all these years. If they really knew the extent to how disgusting we are all right, most of them, we didn't watch those game. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Brooke gross whoa I'm, really excited to uh I'm, really excited to try that, because I am so / - like I'm such a baby, wipe fanatic that if I have I have to and I'm sure it's you have this probably worse with this whole high-tech toilet. Okay, when you have to go without it, it's just like how do I its and the toilet paper? It's so it's an amazing bro. It's enraging! It's like sandpaper yeah. When I, you know, if I'm home for a while, and then you go on the road you're, not even thinking about it, you're in a hotel and the first time you're like. Oh, no and you you feel, like you feel uncivilized what you're did I just step into sitting here with just regular Mearing yeah. That's all you're doing is like rubbing it all in there. You know, and you know you can never really get it clean with that uh-uh. Do you ever get marks on your underwear with the bidet? Be honest, I can't thank you. Can't I'm, saying I can't think of of seeing one I also have no white underwear, yeah yeah, none! It's like 96% black everybody, yeah, never buy white underwear machine be available for Europe, hairy fat guy, you're, crazy Jared. Probably is white underwear, oh yeah! Well, now it's it's! It's state-mandated yeah yeah, oh man, well, okay, we're gonna, close it off! Okay, I've got one thing: I love to ask you about. We do this with all of our guests. Okay, we ask at the bottom of all of our podcasts. It's just a little strange little funky. Okay, have you ever had a ghost experience, a UFO experience or any paranormal experience, and it's totally fine. If you're like you know what I never have I never have yeah I I, don't really feel like I have I, remember cousins. Trying to trick me into thinking like I. Remember a particular experience where they were like they were dropping red dye from the ceiling, but I don't feel like I've ever had a paranormal I feel the exact same way here. I've never done a small thing, but you know what you never know: I enjoyed, like 90% of our guests, do have yeah still Jordan Peters. Had these incredible ghost stories. I was like completely blown away, really, never know to expect it's always in the sale of how somebody presents it. - right, like Jordans, uh, he's a story. Storyteller knows how to knows how to speak. It works across yeah. Yeah knows how to work. It I mean these. People who are like I say ghosts. Okay, all right, buddy! Thank you! So it's probably generally don't have them on yeah really criteria. You know, I mean I I, never I never have I I'm very skeptical of all that stuff, though yeah I kind of go and do it like I, don't buy any of it. Poor people who have seen it are so convinced they're, condensed like I, can't I can't, and these are people that I trust and know mm-hmm and I can't be like you're, lying or crazy. So it's hard to it's hard to you know, make the difference between yeah being so skeptical of it. But then someone you trust, saying like I know: I've seen it goes, mm-hmm yeah I mean I, don't know, I I feel like being like. You think you thought I thought I said Santa when I was seven, you know in the sky, like I told people you know, and you can also like I. Remember telling you can make up stories that you believe and take years to realize that you definitely made it up. I remember when I lived in Minnesota at Minnie, as others in Minneapolis as a kid for a few years, and when we left people would always ask me about how cold Minneapolis is and I told them about a teacher we were outside and it got so cold that her ear fell off. It froze and actually broke, and you know people would just be baffled by this and you know with every year and every time you tell it more you just kind of like it just becomes this thing and I remember. Like ten years later, I mean I was late teens, maybe in college even telling it to somebody about and like going into all the detail, we're at this playground and you're so girl and somebody actually, as I told that goes that didn't happen. What they're, like you, definitely were, making that up and I just like took a beat and I was like yeah like I I. Just totally I've lied for that one guy yeah, and this took someone to be like that's, not a true story and I'll. Try that what's my next guess, you know, because you know I think somewhat. Some people would be like well, I felt like it was real, but it's somebody like. Instead of endorsing the story and being like wow, that's amazing cuz. If you get somebody with like minded experience or wants to hear it that the story grows. Yes, but if you have the person who's like yeah, it could have been a dog. You know then they're like huh I, guess you're definitely worried about that yeah yeah all right! Well, hmm that about! Does it yeah, I'm, sorry that I have to run to this no worries that was a action-packed hour. 30, that's a great podcast! The time went by it was well enjoyed. Tom Segura I'm, a huge fan and I urge everybody right now to head on over to Netflix watch disgraceful, mostly stories and completely non I. Urge you to vote at Thomas, Accord comm t om s e-g. You are a yes, sir, that helps that helps why not dot-com slash tort yeah, if you guys want to get tickets to his upcoming tour in August and and of course, the podcast yeah which I'm not gonna, mess up this time, your mom's house- yes, yes and we'd- love to have you guys on anytime, yeah, yeah, no that'd be fun to have you guys on, and we talked to other talk Browns at your house right still at our house, where you know we're in the midst of looking at studios, but so before you move, let me get in there. I can do the review. We can continue this conversation bro now make sure you have a hardy one in you before you come over. Well, let's have a cup of coffee, perfect yeah! We do know when you, when you guys want we'll be there. Okay, perfect, like we live near, but yeah it'd be excellent. Tom. Thank you. So much. Thank you for having me guys, guys I hope you enjoyed next week. We've got! Who do we have next week? Boogie boogie, awesome! That's gonna! Be awesome this and really looking forward that I want that teddy fresh swag we're gonna hug right now, when it's it's a right or Wednesday Tuesday, that's right, okay with Tuesday! So guys god bless! You appreciate! You love you and will most definitely be seeing you next time. Thanks for watching [Music], you.