-, hello, everybody and welcome to this very special Halloween episode of h3 podcast. It is I rabbi Klein to greet you, the world, the red, the temple's greatest Couture. The Cantor is the one that sings during service. Now, as Trisha Paytas had noted, I am a Hasidic Jew, so I thought that I might as well. Look the part here today on Halloween, my beautiful co-host. Isn't here ela where is ela? Oh, my goodness is that okay Simpson she brought out a knife. Okay, thank you. A banana is much more comforting than a knife, so you can just leave it ajar and so Wow Oh Jay Simpson you're, not wearing your [ __ ]. You forgot to wear your glove. You uh! You want to try that again. You want to come in again. No, but you should come in again because the gloves are very funny. There I mean they are murder. Evidence so I mean the gloves really make the part. So let's do that again? No! No! It's good! This is good. This is entertaining bad. Okay and I said Oh where's, my beautiful coves, oh it's, okay, Simpson he's got his gloves on I hope he didn't know. The knife comes first I hope she didn't murder. Somebody with wait. You gave me the knife and kept a banana okay. Oh J just gave me a I, don't know how to feel about that and he's wearing leather gloves. Do they fit? Are they too small on you they're too big they're too big I, don't know what that means. Well, it was truly it's clearly not mine. Well, AJ is obviously an alleged murderer. He was acquitted in court, but he did lose in civil court. So I think we can all pretty much make a informed decision that he is a murderer so good for you. You know now I want to show off you want to. You guys want to come, make an appearance too, because you guys is your outfits are beaut, let's cut the Zacks, oh because he can't really move. Do you know who he is? Did that looks so good? Oh, my god he's haloed by light, he has a pendant, show your pendant. The gaze he's really young he's wearing a white blouse. This is move to the left or right a little bit, so we could see. What's behind you, the gaze of miracles, Brad Oh Zach really pulls off the bras. Oh I, put back on Zach I am so anxious. Now they're, you now I feel calm, you're, really good I'm not smiling so I feel like the gaze of miracles. I was gay and then he gazed at me and I'm straight now am I saying a little lip twitch. You want to read. What's on the sign behind you, it's pretty funny. Mm-Hmm go ahead, come on every time. We turn it off. I get anxious. I'm gonna, read it for Zach. You shouldn't turn around. You keep gazing Center, it says experience Brazos, loving gift. This gentle man from Croatia named Bronson, has a remarkable gift that has helped countless lives. People come seeking help from life's difficulties, health problems, relationship issues and more, and how did you get it just by looking like cures all that by doing exactly what Zach's doing right now, yeah during during group gazing sessions with Brazos visitors describe being touched by an invisible and silent power which opens them to new and positive possibilities as they assimilate this power ooh results in a greater inner joy, peace and healings life, transformations and even miraculous experiences, so many share excitedly I feel there was a bit on there that I thought was funny where it says he he does like nine sessions. Gazing sessions scheduled nine sessions yo. He he gazes nine sessions a day in their 30 minutes of peace, that [ __ ] stands on stage for like five hours, everyday, just gazing at people, man, it's so epic, okay, well good job Zack is looking like a thousand percent. Damn. What do we got from you from me? You said you got to give the whole body experience. What do you do rabbit a spine? Is that raw is that the Ross, the Ross of the rock? Are you kidding? Huh yeah a rabbit has mine, come on where's the ring clicking on the glass, oh yeah, and then you have to scream like a like. You know a dying animal yeah can I get the full body because you do look really good. Come here. Come here stand in the toilet. Yes, yeah cuz you look when I saw down, I look dude, that's Brad, bear he's, got the Banshee and he's got the crazy hair. The blouse really pulls it together. Man, nice what'd. You talk about all right, thank you, Dad Ethan, Bradberry and finally, definitely how do they say? Last, but certainly not least, we have Ian the employee. Let's go, oh yeah baby. This is me when I'm so Flo. You want to do the line his mics not on I, won't lie. This is definitely me when I'm on camera awkwardly. Can you know? Can you do another? One with this is definitely me when I gotta pee I won't. This is don't sound. Bite me well, I, love, Enzo, everybody is is, is really keeping it 1,000 over here you know I and by the way the Hasidic Jew outfit is incredible and I yeah give it up to Dan and Ian who went on a mission of possibly today. This is all do-it-yourself um. They put this all together, so I thought the Hat was real like expensive, yeah, this [ __ ] dude, the Jews. Really they shell out a lot of cash for these outfits that you wouldn't expect anyone want to actually want to wear, but there you have it afraid. Oh really wants my glove so I'm, giving it yeah. You can yeah yeah exactly. Oh, my dog ate my murder uh, my murder evidence. So today the the big thing we've got here is a Halloween candy taste test, tear list which I am so excited to bring to you guys. I haven't had a lot of these can't here we go. We've got all these almost get into that later, but before we do I'm so excited you guys. I wanted to want to honor something that our outfits, who we are, for example, Ella's banana gag, is of course OJ Simpson's classic gag worked when he was being accused of murder. Some of the interview won't have to talk about it anymore. Just did you do it? No I did after we did you. Do it nope nip nip. Did you immerse? Two people super violently? No, no ha ha. Wasn't me he's like all jovial about it. He had a surprise for me and I. Genuinely was surprised, I think it was his idea of a joke, and this is it a Twitter world? Would you like to die hey to the world? You know what I always think about OJ I always think. Does he get girls cuz? Imagine like, like imagine being in a relationship with OJ, because he killed his ex. He killed the last person I. Think. Not only does he get girls, you know he got out of jail because he has so many fans. People don't want to believe. That's not e gonna do oh well, Ruggeri I mean he didn't convict him because they thought it was just a conspiracy yeah by the police. I think you get a girl's base. You think that some girls are coming into the little bit of like I mean it hurtles man, Singh yeah. That's if you go that's their friend, though cuz he's like not in denial, but I, wonder if it's a little like exciting it's like oh [, __ ]. Is he gonna cut my head off I, don't know! Maybe I'll lose my head tonight. You know girl. There are some weird fantasies and, of course, to honor Zach's excellent outfit. We must look at bra so whose gaze is such a miracle that he actually you can call in Skype and get a gazing session via the internet, because I mean, let's be honest. A guy like this can't be everywhere once and his power and majesty is, is just too great. He must be shared with the world and therefore on skype you can call in for a nominal fee of $20 or whatever it is and watch him. Gays live from his Spa. In Croatia it looks like a spa. Doesn't his gentle eyes with that? Would you say see he is such a gentle? He does have gentle eyes, and so do you that's why you're such a great broads when I think this just just five minutes straight of this Zach Zach sweet young Zach. We call him here for green, green and great he's. Got the gays he's got the light. He's a load, I'd pay! Ten bucks to watch the dead air Montez zach is definitely gonna win. Are you not impressed is like not even smiling it's not zags job to talk, how of course, she's gonna win dead air? Well, if we all did it, but it's dead. If dead air goes on it's my ass, are you saying I can keep a straight face, she's saying you can you could get yours talking about just a staredown yeah cuz, that's not dead air! Well, that's what we called it when we did it like you want to do that weeks ago. You wanna do a dead air right now, no, but is dead air just like try to make the other person laugh. You know what I mean: that's not dead air, it's just a staring contest. I guess dead. Air is there's. No, it's live on the show! That's why it's dead air! Okay, let's move on this is turning into dead air with words. What soap for Antonio look, we all know who so flow is, but there's one there's his classic. One is almost too graphic to even watch. What is he up to today? Does anyone know? Yes, he posts regularly on Instagram here's a real one and see what we got here so Flo he's in later housing wine later hosen Oktoberfest was a success. Excellent and here he's got a mask on looking like a little height beast and that's four days ago, yeah he's very current. Oh he's, first class Wow! No, please don't please, please, please, please, please don't let him have a child so proud to be your uncle think. Please, it I couldn't handle you having a baby, did I can't believe he's until rolling in it he's so neck. Deep and all these weird Facebook scams easy to get addicted to trouble. When you get free. First-Class flights, travel, hacks, [, __ ]. What's he got here? What is in this bowl salmon gross I won't eat on an airplane yeah, but what's rolled up here, it looks like salmon cuz. He was in Asia. That was a Kurt that ain't, a carrot who serves a carrot like that looks like LOX yeah Luke. Can you imagine eating raw fish on the plane? I, don't care with his first class or not. You know he gets for his class again. I wonder if the lady behind me was thinking the same thing. Is there anything in the world more rewarding than this? What's rewarding about? What did you? What do you mean? Did you know the girls, not thinking that anyway, I get down the flow hole and I just escape and of course, Ethan Bradberry I think there was a famous actress, find him for real yeah I. Think those Elle Fanning hold on. Let me open this back up now. Yeah pull up pull up hello piano as we do this. That is really I'm super proud of you for pulling that one off now. Why is he got this girl candidly? In the back of his photo anyway, yeah zoom in again I'm I'm, pretty sure that's Elle, Fanning yeah. What's her name, L ll e. Alright, someone tagged her in here. Oh yeah, there you go bro, that's not cool, so he knew it was her. He was just trying to flick flex, probably huh cuz. Why would he frame it so that she's randomly there I've never heard of this girl, but yeah? That's definitely her. Who is she? She were related to Dakota Fanning yeah, it's -, could've finished sister, but she's been in some pretty good movies. Let's see she's been in this Maleficent Maleficent, that's yeah, oh she's been in L AM, L fastens. Well, the new one yeah yeah. Okay, there you go good job so far he was in super 8, movie, I'm. Sure she's wondering. Is there anything in the world more rewarding than travel she's, probably on the waited to work? Idiot? Okay, let's get him out of my life spent too long talking about so Flo and, of course, he's in Bradbury who we honor and love I can't say single bad things about Ethan Bradberry owe them that he was race-baiting and for a good couple years, but other than that we concerned we can certainly look past the race-baiting when you consider this I think a Bruno Dallas what we got yeah baby. Sorry, what what race-baiting pranks Oh forgot all about that stomping on black people's Jordans in the hoods buddy Eddie of mine, that's what I think Dan you can't wear an undershirt under that I! Don't know it's a good point! Yeah! You got it Saul. How about you've been bradbury confidence? It's about! That's a swagger! Well! Kai sure is that like who wears I mean it's like a it's like Miami, Cuban or like an Armenian, he broke it. I love that. Can you give us one of your come on forget about it, buddy Eddie of mine, bra yeah? Oh! No! Thank you. What Dan? Oh I, hurt my throat I'm gonna. Do it like him all right, Cheers forget about it? Ah, this is my favorite in bradbury moment. This will always be my field where we got some new stuff, no Bradbury's yeah, don't 101 yeah yeah. We got that my favorite they're praying I was trying to say thanks for watching again, Ethan starts threatening and [ __ ] crazy for the charity stream Ethan ammo. Can we get a live regular? What? If we have a regular ritual like every 10,000? What should we do to salads cuz? They voted to have salads on. They did I think we should chemically castrate him because castration obviously is too violent. So you can give him some kind of drug that will make him infertile for less no good I'll, discuss it with them, but I like the idea of having a regular ritual. Does it look better like this Allah or like this? Well, you do need to be able to talk yeah. We do have more well you're right. We do have regular 101, you know, Bradbury's been keeping up the reglas he's been on every day on twittered having a regular ritual and that that crazy guy actually kept it up. He made it all the way to 100 I'm happy to say you got a lot of support and love to 3,000 likes 400 retweets energy levels are high. How many coffee machines does he go yeah? He goes through a lot. Okay, I was like wow. I was a great one, there's still 100 of the regular, but wait as episode. 101 is even more epic, so he's pledged to continue on [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter]. When you start to get excited about food, you started like breakdancing. That's cool that he's that fat about [, __, ], dude, he's kind of becoming like we're getting a cult following I feel like before the regular here. I mean he's really look. This has a thought this has 12,000 likes. People are getting into the Ethan Bradberry box. I. Think I said something. I said just nodded. I'm not gonna play is probably as music on it, but what it's even he's singing some song like I could, if I wanted to, but I don't want to, but yeah you think Bradbury's coming uh. You know his own man I. Don't we need to get a petition to get them out here for the charity, they've been good to the mutters. I made sure look at this right here, a regular! Well anyway, let's get to the I've got a lot of fun stuff to watch, but let's get to the Cala wean, Andy tearless, oh, not before the break. We got to go to break in five minutes. Uh. Is there any in you Oh J, to show? Oh, no, it's all the same, [ __, ], just glitter would hate were the world. So you know this football team, yeah I said this about this and I'm out here, golfing and eating sushi and remember how I killed two people back in the 2000s oh-ho-ho-ho. Well that one's crazy was it. Was it really that long ago, yes, world hate, Twitter world I, killed two people back in the 90s and I also stuck up a Las Vegas pawn shop or some [ __ ], like that at gunpoint, I went to jail for that one he made is Halloween one and he actually has a lot of likes it's kind of like he always did. No. Here let me look him up: Oh Jay, Simpson Twitter, the real, usually I mean usually you can get about 3,000 44,000 yeah use you [, __ ] know he Murray's a mark. Let's see what the comments are: oj justice, Patrick Holmes for Halloween, Patrick, Holmes right now, I, don't know any that stuff when he sees this I, don't understand all these. These sports references, so I really don't know this Twitter world. It's me, Oh, Jaime, Holmes, now, I know a lot of you fantasy, guys out there wondering if I'm gonna play this week. Well, ot tells me I shouldn't. He said: wait these 10 days get that tender ankle in that tender. Knee I, don't know martyred is people with 99.9% certainty, eight world, it's just me chilling in my yard. Well, my ex-wife and her boyfriend are in the ground dead. All right take care. Well, then! Well, while we wait for the break Dan, the break God tells us when women words break I've I, just look I, don't I will are we loving, dr., Phil or because I remembered not liking, dr. Phil, sorry, you I'm stepping on her JS under yeah they're, like okay Ethan, wants to go off on me, but she's trying to hold her [ __ ] together. What can I say is just not a big enough table. It's kind of me and my man is like a dining thing. You think I'm manspreading. Yes, so do you think manspreading is real. That's been spreading. Maybe dr. Phil I always kind of disliked him, because his content is just so trashy, but all of a sudden I think we do. We like dr. Phil, no because watch this video I've been seeing some birds in my comments that I need to ask you all about so like visco girl, bro. His head has so much makeup on it like like his bald ass dome, has makeup on it. It's epic as [ __, ] I, don't know that's vseo, girl or visco girl or by the way is that was that was thus kiss kiss kiss from Jeff Goldblum or is it predate him? Yes, Jeff Goldblum what he thought about the the spider-man he's acting I. Think it's pretty late! So what the [ __ ] is it then, because I don't know what it is I, don't it's been around for a while and it's like innkeeper culture? Do you have an explanation, I think it's like hahaha type thing, but when you're typing on a phone S&amp;K or like in that position, left and right so was people just mash. It I think it was Jeff Goldblum, actually referencing the sick, sick, sick! No, are you sure, because he goes and I'd never heard anything you play it I. Think it's completely unrelated! Well! Here let me let me let me play you this clip, which I love by the way. Why do you think spider-man is such an important part of you become better, sometimes happening this guy's on drugs? This is the first I've heard of it. You know I'm crestfallen comedic shattering yeah, wait. How is Jeff Goldblum, not like micro, dosing, acid right now, that is like the cool dad I kinda want a micro dose LSD in like 30 years. Every day he does. Doesn't he I think Elon does microdose sure seems like it's sometimes when you see him talking watch how he's looking at her, but he's always been like this I, don't know how can he be that much of a character like he doesn't even know what she's gonna ask him? Look how he's staring at her so intently. You probably guessed all this to co-produce spider-man. So it's looking like spider-man I'm, not a business person you're speaking whatever you say, is Greek to me, but to all these the mountains of brooch or the mountains of British. Are they yeah I thought he was making some actual like reference to Greek mythology learned something right: I do think that he is referencing, something that's going really slow right now, yeah I noticed that too what's happening, come on. Okay, all of the suggestions are things related to Geoff, Kolb micro? Does these the mountains of work out I'm sure well to be fair, I, think that is actually not high on anything, but you might be ela that guy's [ __ ] up on some is gonna make fun of whatever she's asked and I'm sure that I mean that question that she posted didn't really deserve a more dignified response than that anything. She may not be the first. You know so it's like! Oh maybe he gets asked that like a trillion times today, what Oh think he's heard of it like a joint what anyway? Well? How did we get here anyway, and there's one that says and I did we have that on the soundboard? No I want dr. Phil, saying it oh well. No, we don't, but we can. Nobody cares about that original. You know what I mean I need this. Should we show the original for today and there's one that says and I have a feeling that somehow knows this is a way inappropriate, so you're, probably getting a really big food out of this I love and all the answers are just total, like meme trash like I, don't think he got any a genuine answer and like the millions of comments you wanna watch the original and I hope and I hope we do have to go to break now. Oh well, now I'm, so sorry to interrupt so sorry, it's 30 seconds long. This is the original and I hope for all of our wonderful viewers at home. Carry to the car. That means my backseat I've got a million times. Does anyone get [, __ ] up and drive? We know now. I mean ours. Look at the eyes. They look like down the makeup yeah! That's! That is about name worthy moment all right. Let's take it to a break when we come back. We're gonna do this most epic Halloween, candy, tearless I'm, so excited we're all going to participate. We're all gonna have different answers. It's gonna, be the thrill of a lifetime. Do not go away, I guarantee you we're going to have some shabbat shalom and and some mitzvahs some it's fuzz as well. All right guys, we'll see you soon ever buy something online and find out. You could have gotten it for less well. Take it from me, there's no worse feeling than losing money and not saving the maximum amount of money possible. Take them from me! Ethan klein, not a seed, you that would be a anti-semetic trope, but me as a person. That's what I think there's nothing worse than loot, then not saving every money. You can it's like when you wipe and you get a little poop on your hand when you wipe nothing worse than that, not to mention once it happens, you feel like you could be overpaying for everything. Every time you buy something online. Luckily, I've got the free browser extension that saves you time and money when shopping on lime, honey, scans, the internet for coupon codes and other discounts. Are them like magic? It automatically applies the one with the biggest savings to your checkout I. It knows about every coupon code, sale or discount at over 20 thousand sites like Amazon, Macy's, j.crew, Domino's, Sephora, Target and more just shop like none just shop like normal and honey, finds you savings and believe me. It feels amazing, like when you poop, and you only need to wipe once forget about it. Am I right here, for example, my beautiful wife Ella who's obsessed with buying baby clothes for Theodore way more than he needs it's just last night was doing some shopping at Oshkosh B'gosh, which makes the bomb acid baby clothing and just Oh with the magic of honey Oh automatically applied at checkout after its scanned the internet for the best codes available, oh and I hope saved 42 dollars, a 33 cents and I hope. Yeah. That mean now give me a break. All right. Honey has found it's 10 million users over a billion dollars in savings. That's a billion dollars, jeez Louise, listen, there's really, no reason not to use honey, it's free to use and it stalls on your computer. In just two clicks. You get honey for free at joint honeycomb, / h3, that's joy, honey, calm, /, age, three holidays are right around the corner baby and you know what it's time to already stop just start shopping for gifts. Now, when I suggest to you underwear, you're gonna, look at me like I'm, a god, damn fool, but let me tell you something me: undies doesn't make just normal underwear, they have spicy prints, beautiful stylistic prints, but that's not even what's really important. What's important is that this is made of micro modal, this beautiful rare material to a thousand times rarer than AB vibranium, it's so rare, and it's the writ, and it's just so soft and flexible and breathable they're gonna see this underwear I'm, like you know what uncle Jeff I pegged you all wrong. This underwear changed my life. It's that good speaking of not wanting to leave the house on me. Undies makes perfect hibernation, undies and long wear. Whether you're looking to match me on news with your boo, this cuffing season or just wanting to cuddle up with your favorite furry friend in a onesie me Andes. Has you covered literally, the fabric is three times did I, say three billion times softer than cotton and offers in sizes extra small to 4 XL, well, model fitting them. Big boys in theory, got softer than cotton is like 3x softer than those cute little marshmallows. At the top of your hawk coke hot cocoa me Andes knows it's freaking cool, which is why they're coming up with even more cuddly products. This holiday season, cozy up with new robes robes Oh, treat your feet and they're soft new slippers and, of course, match the fan with their soft new baby bodysuit with brand new holiday prints and cozy new products me Andes has got the gift for you. My dudes mandis has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchase, so you're gonna get 15% off and free shipping. That's a no-brainer, especially because you get a 100,000 percent satisfaction guaranteed. So to get 15% off your first pair free shipping and a one trillion percent satisfaction guarantee go to me. Undies dot-com, slash h3. That's me: undies comm, slash age 3. We are back Beru, hashem base rate Hashem Hashem will HOD look ner, shel, hanukkah I, so would it be anti-semitic for a non Jew to address as a Hassid, not anti son, Halloween ya, know I taste, a medical, it maybe just a little a cultural appropriation ro. It's like how people get mad about? Oh, ok, so, no! So so yeah. What do you think that it's a little questionable I, don't have a problem here but yeah? Well, what? If we'll probably would well, because you know you do it on Halloween like it, but what if you get drunk and then you start being making being like because you know they would be like? Oh, oh, let me break some change for you. Oh did I give you the wrong change being all like yeah did you yeah? Did you hear about the new Jewish car? It turns on a dime and picks it up. Come on oh yeah, get in huh. Am I right? Do you know why Jews have such big noses? No, because air is free. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We love our to jokes, I'm kid I kid. The Jews I kid the Jews. This curly is not long enough. I want to make sure my Curly's right how's. It look, looks good. Do you know why look at those for you? You could be a rabbi. Yeah dude I totally could rock this bro. You know the thing about. Jew jokes. Is that they're funny, but once you start doing like Holocaust and gas jokes, those aren't funny you don't snack. So good point. Let's start so. We've got the candy tearless. Okay, let me introduce you. These are all the classics we could possibly think of and I think we have pretty much everything here: candy, corn, tootsie roll Snickers, Milk Duds, Jolly, Ranchers, M&amp;M, skittles, Butterfinger, starbursts, wooperz, whoppers, Baby, Ruth, Hershey's, nerds, KitKat, Hot, Tamale, dots, crunch almond, good again, you [, __ ], yes, I, love that [ __ ] Almond, Joy, Twix, Reese's, peanut butter cups and, of course, Junior Mints. We have it all right here, ela have you tried most of these or you're in the dark on a lot of these? So that's got to be kind of exciting for you and a lot of Molly I. Definitely and a lot of these I haven't had in I mean decades, you know, so we are all prepared to rate these the guy. So is this specific to Halloween? These are Halloween candies yeah. This is this is what you would find in your halloween back for the most part yeah. So, let's start with the candy corn, because this is a very controversial unknown. How familiar are you with candy I've, seen it in stores yeah, so people really trash on candy corn there's a lot of love lost for the candy corn and so well, let's just you know, give it a shot. I mean you know it's kind of waxy, but I, don't like no see I like the candy corn. Thank you, I actually do like mechanical um. Why don't you buddy? You want about it, I, don't like the flavor, I, guess just tastes like sugar. You don't like sugar, you, but you like, corn I, don't like it I, don't like how it looks I, don't like the texture, hmm. So how so? Let's! Well you know what? Which way is that are they gonna write to I mean I'm with you? Yes, okay and accordance [ __, ], f, tear like the most classic Halloween candy, no matter it's trash. You always say that the discount section yep get rid of it. I mean for me. It's like a see. What well I have there's candies that I hate way more than this one to romance a knife. These chuckleheads back here both love, it Oh. What do you guys items? A canyon I'd, give it a c2, yeah I'd probably go beat here: it's not the and shut up cuz after, like five pieces like you're over it yeah it's not become okay, but we should give it a D I guess we got our devoted no, but the consensus which it is a democracy, okay kind, not really, but I. Think candy corn gets a deal so candy corns aside now this one is gonna be controversial because next we're doing Jolly Ranchers now, there's nothing I hate more! In my candy pouch than a jolly rancher. That's gonna take forever to really well. You can spit it out. Okay, I hate, Jolly Ranchers. It's so boring, it's so lame. They get all nasty too, because the wrapper, when you throw it in like a pouch with all this crap, it collects all this dust and schmutz and I love. It I just never liked Jolly Ranchers, it's too sour, that's too hard good I'm, not into the Jolly Rancher. Oh I love the flavor, but I know people like it. Well am I the only one I'm. Definitely like Jolly Ranchers. You know alright. Well, we are back you up on that one either yeah I'm! Sorry, you like jelly ranch, room, I, think you're alone. In this one, I'm surprised you don't like that. Go ahead, I like it I'd put it on a tear, yeah 18 Sunday there. For me, I can't do that. Well, you're the only one yeah but I'm I'm, the one with the mouse, a tear. What was your ranking cuz? You gotta go up because of Jolly Rancher. If it was up to me, I'd give it up I give it a I mean seriously I just is it I might even give it a tap I just hate all right, I, give it a seat, let's just say, see because Chloe tears. So it's got to be no I use like a tear as well. Wait you guys all give it eight yeah I just know so. Do you guys agree that be then yeah I think that's fair! That's our first time! Okay and even convince me, see what okay we should go be we got to move through this, but I think that you guys really are misjudging this yeah I. Don't know that these tearless work on a democratic, although it makes people at homeless pissed, because if I put Jolly Ranchers in F, everybody would down. So maybe it's good taste the rainbow right. This is gonna, be controversial. I've had I'm, not a fan. I love skittles, but I'll tell you the problem with skittles at first great delicious, oh you're, like mega smacking your lips right now is rough. Thank you for a while yeah, but once you get to a bottom, I guess turns into like granulated sugar. No, it's disgusting right now, like I kind of agree with you, there's a there's an arc to it. Can you it starts as I guessed here and then drop right. I don't have it turns into like chewing gum, yeah, you're right about that so I know it depends on the type of skittle, the yes, it always looks like Eminem and then I'm disappointed when it goes in my mouth and not M&amp;M, so I don't know, skittles I feel like I. Think my suit is a classic I. Think skittles is a B I, wouldn't give it a higher than Jolly Rancher I'll tell you that I'd give it a see. Tail yeah, I go. Eighty really yeah I think could weigh up the atomic its class. Honestly, it's skittles bro, you can't rate Jolly Ranchers hiring the skills I won't allow it I simply won't allow it I can't I can't even see those candy corns at D. This is so controversial. I had a feeling that this it's so interesting how we have the I. First of all, the candy thing is like the ugliest candy I, really like it. It's awesome. It looks like a that's the top, so depressing I do wonder if there's gonna be one candy that we all agrees, the [ __ ], that's what I'm interested in with the 20 we have here, yeah, let's just I mean for the for the sake of the classicness of skittles I, just I can't go lower than a B. Okay, let's keep it moving. I love, dots, I loved the name. Already it [ __ ] your mouth up. It makes you baby I needed to go to the dentist after chewing on it. I've never had dots go ahead when I had a dump when I had dots in my bag. My trick-or-treating bag I went for the dots first, almost every time, yeah they're good, but it's a very accessible candy thoughts. Definitely [ __ ], your motto: yeah [, __ ] your mouth up and takes like a week to get it dang, that's a C! So we're you and I have very similar camp about to say C its dear for me. Anyone else I'd give it in us at what place one of my favorite candies out. You just get you just busted, always glowing every time. The swish does act the music and welcomes on it's awesome, Ian go ahead and speak up on what I don't want have to ask your opinion for after your easy I hate this candy? What do you hate about doc because I take a bite and I won't get it out of my teeth in December? Well, then, I think you got an S on top. You got an F on top I. Think we got to go with the C, then I think that's only fair I'm happy do we agree, I! Think it's fair, yeah I! Think it's middle -, yeah, honestly I know people have strong opinions about this next one nerds nerds ela. Have you had nerds before there's just these tiny little kind of sour candy they come in this little box, yeah box, they're sour I mean hit that I always look at the full package. You know I get sold if I like the package. Okay and I do like the little me personally. Nerds was always left at my bag at the bottom of my bag. Cuz they're, just whack like these they're, like chewing on little stones, is like. If you picked up gravel and put it in your mouth I, don't like them, they're too sour. Just not it just doesn't do it for me, I feel like it's not an it's not like a classic like it's, not on the level of some of these classic. For me, it's more like fun. It's like a funny I mean here's the Panda. If you were wondering right here, oh no, it's a classic you'll you'll end up with, like 20 of these a little box, though normally okay, yeah, that's like a big box and you shake it yeah. So go ahead! You guys I, don't know I like nerds I, like sour candy, I put it at like an A or B personally they're up there, I was gonna, go in to see for me, they're dirty I know, that's controversial I'm going d2o I'd, give them an E and E yeah. So the consensus that nerd suck well not fast I mean I. Think it's a D based on consensus. We're taking a couple I feel very nostalgic eating it. No no I I, never had it as a kid, but I feel like it's the colors. They fool you with the colors. It's like nostalgic colors, but Jesus criminy I, like the flavor same tears, candy yeah, it's not! No! The corn has to go down yeah. The corn needs to go up. I agree with is the corn should be C rank and the Nerds suck. They should be deep. You guys can't rock the boat, the Nerds are D and that's fine, that's insane! Okay, my mind. Fine D, corn and nerds are of annual kind. It's not gonna be on there. Man, you guys are just wrong. I feel like okay, so this next one has always and forever been one of my favorites when I go when I would go to a theater as a kid I would get Junior Mints my one of my favorite episodes of Seinfeld, the junior minute, all right. It's chocolatey, it's mint, I love chocolate and mint combo, the center's a little coming. So what I like to do is you can fridge them or freeze them and it becomes like it's not it. Firms up, but junior manager. So for me, Junior Mints is like a great adult, candy mmm. Does that make sense? I like it nowadays, okay, I, don't know if it would have been my thing as a kid I loved it as a kid, maybe I'm, just mature for my age. What do you guys think a junior manager I'm not a big fan of mint and chocolate, but like them, but I, but I recognize that that yeah exactly that I'm, not in the majority there and it's a well-put-together, candy, okay, bad, so I won't really dock. It too many points, it's not for me, but it's Lawson. I put it at. Like B or C, yeah, D or C, you know BB or steer. Go ahead. Dumb, guys come on, speak up, um I'd, give it a I'd, probably give it a C in yeah, I'm feeling C as well. I want to go, go B, I, can't give it an 8 cause. You guys are pulling me down we're going. You wanted a I think, but I think is what is what oh I'm just I'm so curious. What's gonna make it to the top? This is this is exciting. You guys I already have my eyes on a couple. I think I know. Yes, the thing is that the chocolates are always better, but do we have here everything everything everything cuz? It doesn't look like it: okay, tamale, you've never had hot tamales. Yeah is one of my all-time favorites all along side, Junior Mints I used to get him at the movie theater. You can eat him real fast and they're hot or you can suck the heat off. And then your heart tastes with his left with, is really delicious guard. It's not right. I, don't know when these in, like 20 years, probably mmm. It's cinnamon eNOS bite. You know you don't like it. It's an experience. It's fun right! It's really good I want to say it's tasty. What but I would I, don't think I'm my friend over the flavor but I like the experience interesting. So what does that mean? Probably a see backstage hate cinnamon should DM be maybe guys Nina and Zach help me I'd, give it an A. Oh me too. It's like a burn, so good, like I, mean a lot of them. I love hot tamales, now I'm going to e what Wow in [ __ ] it up for us. Yeah say what why actually so hold on? Why do you guys rate it so low I? Don't like mission yeah I, don't like dying eula, the cinnamon flavor, seven flavor gum, big red gum, like any other, sounds like a C, then yeah. That's a big compromise, but alright a big compromise come on. What do you think it should be a D? No, no I want it to be an A, but yeah and I put it a -. I mean that's season. If I was looking at, if I'm looking at our choices so far, I think this is like a very scientific. You know how they say there was this experiment where you put a jar full of a lot of stuff, like you guys, have all probably seen this where you fill a jar with jellybeans and everyone guesses, how many jellybeans there are and a lot are super far off and some are really close. But when you take everybody's guess and average it it's always almost exactly right. The group decides correctly and in and in that spirit, I think that the group is deciding in a very just way here. Do you think I'm understand interesting, but because, if each of us made it alone, it would be so different exactly. But this is a good universal. Where we're at here again I mean guys. This tootsie roll I mean it's most beloved. It's a touchy rolls been around for I mean a hundred years. Tootsie rolls been around it's at the center of the Tootsie Pop, it's chocolatey its chewy, and now is this where we are like complete opposite for me to cool it. Probably, and it's an A or Nash from me, it's probably or F Y same I. Don't like anything about it. This [, __ ], looks like grandpa's best candy I, don't like how it looks it, and then it's brown, yellow, color and then they've. How chew it is yeah. It's chocolate, low quality chocolate, though, like the lowest of the low claws. That's not at guys are really taking me off. Anyone else got my back, he'll spit it out out give it enough. It's probably my favorite that my boy, Ian I'm gonna, go D, justify guys expand. It is low quality chocolate. It is it's not trying to be chocolate, caramel its iconic about iconic men, real. What? Why don't? Why do you hate it in the presentation is terrible. It's too gummy! It's just like it's, not good everything about it. Listen at the description does he roll is a mildly chocolate. Flavored taffy like candy, hello, I like it. Do you like taffy, to be you're right, exactly it's it's trying to have its footing too many too many places explain how it's been around a hundred years. Everybody's favorite candy things out for a thousand years. It breaks barriers yeah, but my grandma's been around that talk. Some things are timeless, unlike your grandma, so it sounds like a C then, because it's like it cuz in 2009 and became certified Kosher by the Orthodox Union various. Well, there you go. These guys are selling international. They got that kosher market. Even well. I! Guess you love it. You hate it! It's right in the middle than a sea that breaks my heart: okay, guys again, yeah I'm, really putting my heart out here, because I'm bringing again out one of my favorites. That I think you guys are gonna Travis. Let's try Sunday okay I. So this is like my all-time favorite. During Halloween The Milk Duds was like Mamma Mia, daddy, likey, The, Milk Duds. You got this tiny little pouch, but they're, so fat they're, so fat you can only fit like 2 or 3 in it. Oh yeah, milk, milk, milk, though you know what I like Milk Duds too, and to round out the point about the tootsie roll look. Dudes are like tootsie rolls done right because it's like yeah I'm thing, but much better. I, like the necktie better than this little absolutely whoa, you're gonna. Do it chewy chocolate, it's the hormone wrapped in chocolate and a little dud bomb. The chocolate pulls it all together. Who makes this this is made by Hershey Company. Anyone else goes up there for me. I'll give it like a B or na Wow I'd, give it I, probably give it a see, there's just no consensus, just don't like it's like too chewy. It is very, very that's a tootsie roll is worse. For me, no, the milk, the milk dud is probably the worst chewy ever like that. [ __ ] does not for this one beer to be to you for me. Okay, so it doesn't I'm going to be hmm I think we might have to cuz it. It sounded like it's like an ass for you, Ethan yeah I. Think it's a tear, oh yeah, I, think milk dud might actually be our first. A tear, that's surprising! I thought you guys were gonna just like it. Well, I love, love, love it! Yes, I said a or b so I'll just say sure. I mean everybody liked the milk dud yeah, let's go, let's go with a classic next Snickers. This is timeless. Classic candy beloved by all I mean there's nothing more classic than a Snickers bar. There really is it so true and I have to tell you I get it I love this sink. Oh, what a parent does tofu is about the caramel. It's got the chocolate, it's all happening, the flavors work yeah. You can't argue on this one. Let's see it's so good to me. Snickers is good, but they're they're, better chocolate bars, so I mean I, would give it give it like a C or B I. Think I give Snickers an ass Wow I, give it an ass. Oh no! It's not my personal favorites as good as it gets, though yeah it's like they figured it out. Mm-Hmm we're gonna, get to some chocolate bars later that I think rate above it Ian and Zach. Can you please not make me ask for your opinion every time I give it an a an a I'm doing a two, so I think I gets an A, then yeah, that's that's fair I mean it has to be like this. One was highly rated overall than the duds. You think it had a higher rating than the duds. Everyone I put it at s, and you did but I can't go s unless we have like I gave it already, though yeah so that pulls down the average. A little bit I think is fair, I think. So what do we got next here? Mmm mmm, fun, side, baby me too: that's the [ __ ], with these nerds mmm, always happy to get it. Crunchy chocolaty I love the hardshell, that's a no bomb who agrees Oh to this day. I love, mmm, I, love, peanut, okay, you gotta get that heals up and gonna kill our dogs I'll, give it a I'll, give it an A. I love, peanut butter, mmm, I love. All the new flavors are coming out with a little too almond. I'll, give it a day. I give it an A -. So then, what did you we go? I gave you an S I, give it a s as well, but ultimately, what I do rate mmm? If I think it's go to add. You got three days and asses anyone who changed about to ass, like an a to me, a plus, sometimes I, like the peanut M&amp;Ms. More so I didn't give it an agree. Well, we really like Eminem is alone. If an Eminem can't get a test and I, don't know what is going to, but I think it's an aid I think it's an S, it's an a, maybe both what Ian just said: I'm, including the peanut butter and all of them. No, those are different. Candies yeah! We don't have that what you wanna write like every flavor yeah, by the way you guys messed up, not getting those peanut butter ones. Actually it came in a variety pack. You do. Mi name is anonym, in my opinion, all flavors I rate them all the same I think it's an A, I'm, sorry to say the S Class needs to be so pure, so in disputable. At the least, it needs to be majority. We have to carry out of five dresses. That's yes, okay, but ela. You generally don't like the chewy snacks and Dan. Doesn't like the chewy snacks. Bye-Bye well, chewy. Wasn't the problem with the tootsie roll. It's the low quality, just trash ingredients, okay, slow down, okay, starburst everybody throw back is like SSS FF. It depends on the color. For me. Oh, come on we're not gonna write the pink starburst alone puts it a nest here for me as well: pink starburst starburst isn't hate. For me. It's not asses guys. I may have to go ass on the surface. I'd go as 200 I, just I I. It's not an ass, it's not per minute, but clearly they're individually, wrapped dude. The starbursts people really figured it out that that's by far a highest rate of candy mm-hmm, interesting, hmm, the best. Now, let's go with the classic Hershey chocolate, because this one is her she's so funny to me cuz. It is here: it's like the classic chocolate, but I think it's an American thing and to me it's not tasty at all yeah it. This is a high love chocolate, so Hershey's is I very contested. Oh I'm, sorry I just ran over our dog I'm. Sorry, we just ran over Alfredo's my wheels so I hit on him. Why? What does that mean? I've, always liked Hershey's, but when I had German exchange students come they told me that Hershey's, they all said, Hershey's tastes like a vomit. They say it tastes like unnatural, ungodly, weird yeah, and when I first moved here you were like I. Don't know you bought these like this is a classic chocolate and I was all hyped up and I might taste a taste like [ __, ], there's it. There is a taste there, but to me is a very nostalgic taste that I like, but there's something kind of weird in there. So weird I don't got it. What do you rate that it's hard because I love chocolate but I feel like this is like the worst chocolate, so I would put that II I ready to see I like it, though actually yeah Dee. It's not good, like especially there's so much better. Chocolate bars like if you're gonna get a chocolate bar dots, yeah I'm, doing Dee, give it a deep, that's a D, then you guys outweighed my C was too generous. Here's a wild card, Almond Joy! This isn't a candy adder, not much about in my life, I. Don't think I've ever tasted that but I can tell you when I got this to my trick-or-treating bag. I was not excited about it, but that's an adult. Oh it's got like marzipan in it. Oh it's like coconut. It's chocolate! That's like the candy! Your dad would want yeah I, don't think any kid would want this yeah, it's a straight-up F. What K? Beware that D! For me it's F come on! This is something we're deeming about it. I think it's AE them! Oh yeah sounds like an e. Well there you go we're getting a really good spread here, I'm very happy with how this is coming out. Yeah. But that makes sense to me almond. Joy really isn't easy! Isn't it I love that starburst? Isn't s that shock the hell out of me? I know people like star bottom: that's perfection! Okay! Next up, let's go whoppers, that's a little wild card, I really, actually I, don't know how people feel about whoppers I've, always liked it look how it comes. There's three of them like a little tube I've, always enjoyed them. I find them to be refreshing, break from the really heavy chocolate, the snacks that you you get and I always like kicking these back a little bread. It's like a bratty crunchy, chocolaty joy, but also weird flavor in there yeah. This expired! No, that's how it tastes! I! Don't know why there's that weird flavor, to be honest with you that weird flavor really demo, ah down to uh to the expired section. No, it's not a nice table, ready whoppers! That flavor is problematic. I have to tell you in theory, I like them, but Jerry I would love to I, get mostly I'm, teetering between C and D I'm going deep. Well again, what was your vote because I was like II, so it's a bit sad tea. That makes sense. Actually it belongs with nerds no way. Now, here's a while. You love her she's crunch. It's different I'm telling you the her! She doesn't look like her I love. The crunch hit that, first of all rice, it's dried rice and chocolate, brilliant. It's tasty its crunchy, its Airy. It's light, it's a dream! No chocolate! Let me evaluate there's something with American. Chocolate is, is not it's not. It doesn't deliver. I know what you mean. A chocolate feels a little low quality again. I would like it, but the flavor is not. It's. Ok was like the crunch with the chocolate. Just it's not there. For me. What would I rate it? I think you know it's somewhere between C and B from him. It's probably a D for me or D yeah. The first one I diverged from you on either because I like Crunch Bars I, like it probably be, give it a beat. I agree, a b2, I, think I think it belongs up there uh, how girls see I, think I could go, see, I, think it's a C, then cuz I was kind of, but you gave it a see yeah. Oh then it's got to be a B cuz. You guys were kind of high on the Bordeaux put the crunch bar okay. Oh wow, oK we've got some big boys on the board. Here we got Butterfinger Baby, Ruth, KitKat I expect big things from Kit, Kat, Reese's, Peanut, Butter, Cup, also and Twix. These are elect with the big boys. I mean these are the big names in chocolate. Let's go Butterfinger I feel like this is a controversial one. You know about Butterfinger, EULA I, don't know if I had it it's a weird crazy one, its crispy crunchy peanut butter, but it's not really peanut butter. It's like candied peanut butter, which I mean I I've, always liked it well interesting, texture too, but I like the caramelized peanut butter, not my thing, I, frankly loved that we I can see why it's good but like I'm, not into peanut butter in candy, I. Think it's because I didn't grow up on that I think I think it's a bee I'm with you on that beef. It definitely tastes like a good candy, so I think I'm. Okay would be just not my personal taste I'd give it a C I'm going deep. What explain yourself that's way too flaky just made a mess everywhere. It is I. Think it's a C in that case because he really brought it down with that D I guess it makes sense, nexted thoughts and Hot Tamales into T Rosen yeah. It is too flaky. I mean I well giving me and said the I said B. You can't do that. Both you know, I didn't pour almond joy, so the only candy we didn't like yeah but almond joy does Baby. Ruth is a controversial one. This is my mom's favorite candy bar. What should tell you something? It's literally it's like a Snickers but worse, that's what I've always felt, because it's just peanuts. You know I'll be like good I! Guess it's like a Snickers without caramel toffee, it's got lots of peanuts for the peanut lovers, I, don't like it that much okay I'm not into it! No I'm, not it's a see but yeah, see see. I would say see too but again I'm looking at that, it's definitely don't definitely better than a tootsie roll stop with the tootsie roll, it's kind of like a poor man's Snickers yeah. That's what I've always thought I'd give it a deep in I. I guess deep! Are you guys trying to do at the same time yeah, okay, so hold on? No, because I gave it a CE I'm. Okay, wait that D and everybody came in and then I think it might be. A D yeah, hmm I know I would never ever buy a Baby Ruth like if I was in a store. Yeah I would never buy a Baby Ruth ever Twix. This really [ __ ] go is here with a and go s already. I mean everybody loves Twix. You can crunch him off. You can share them with your friend. You got the perfect balance of caramel chocolate, cookie I love the tube. It's a great device for eating snacks in a tube. The proportions are everything it's like. The whopper tried to do in a ball and failed miserably. The Twix is everywhere at once. There's the Alpha Omega, it's delicious Wow s, tier Twix is us it's a personal a-plus, so I could go s. I may as well. Hmm hmm as there's another chocolate bar, but you can probably guess which, but you so we have three. Oh yes, yeah I mean Twix, really how how is them and I'm not up there. I, don't understand you guys. Well, it's just at the end of the date. It's just chocolate, its M&amp;M like the classiest, okay, fine, but the times have changed. It's like saying, you know, show me another like chocolate in this kind of format that could compare what M&amp;M nobody's gonna try to do. M&Amp;M they've tried in Israel yeah, come on everything sucks in Israel, I mean at the end of the day. It's like you know, yeah, the first car was cool, but now we got Ferraris but okay, you know so now with the KitKat and the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup is all that remains and frankly, I don't know where these ones are gonna land. The kick head is similarly positioned in my mind as the Twix. It's got the cookie. It's got the layers, you can break it, you can share it. It's always bomb I love that you can break it. It's just well, and these are the many ones but the real ones you can break off yeah you got the wafer cookie. The chocolate is really good. It's like I should eat chocolate in the best way. Mmm I love it s as hard s, s +, SS s, yeah, that's I! Think the Twitter go SS, so I'm gonna give it a f - Rick to even it out, I'm kidding I'm kidding I. Wouldn't do that to you. I do think that hooks is better, so I would give it a nail. Cake is bad, but everyone just said s right yeah. Everybody else is I like twigs, but in a KitKat low okay, so there are less but their ball s. Finally, and a big part of it is just for the design that you can break it. It's just I mean it's engineered to perfection. Genius. Now, finally, I mean Reese's Peanut Butter Club, classic as it gets I'm a huge fan, I love. Let me show you the cup, okay, there's so much chocolate. The peanut butter ratio is and fit as fantastic dynamite. It's genius! In fact they have these dark chocolate ones that are off the chain, but you a cross-section, there's so much chocolate so I. Just like it's tough for me, cuz mmm, your nut butter is not a thing in Israel. What is the most popular snack in the whole country and yeah? It's not been invited. Oh wait! It's not the same. It's peanut! Flavor! Yes, what's the difference? I, don't know it's not fair. Okay, there's literally a snack called bomba in Israel that everybody's obsessed with all people, eat, I, don't know if I've just eaten too much candy. You know my enthusiasm here, yeah, it's it wait. What is Bombo? What does it taste like? It's just, it's literally tastes like peanuts. We had it here in the office and get our Trader Joe's. Oh, oh, oh you brought anyway. That was good. What I'm saying she's like I? Don't like peanut butter, it's like dude! It's all! You guys eat it's different. I! Don't know! Butter has like a really heavy tone to it. The cup I given it but I, could be just because I've eaten too much sweets and I might give it a s on a different day. To be honest, it's an S for me but and what I recognized yes. For me, it's an S but I recognized chocolate, peanut butter, combo isn't for everybody, so mm-hmm Rob, ibly gonna get brought down a little bit. But for me it's an S. That's up there with the greats I, don't like peanut butter yeah, so you go I know I, give it a D. Oh holy [, __, ], I, think I that misses I can't recognize that a really good, candy, okay, but not mine, so what you're ready so between B and a and a and you don't even like it be honest yeah, because it's so really it's really not for me, but I can tell that's a well made it's well male! That's real I understand how classic I know that it's a classic and I didn't ever grow up here. But what do you say? - Zack gave it a D on American. That's not good cuz I'm going D as well your neck starting to hurt. Oh yeah Adam, you know boosters, give them power, encourage him. Zack gave that he look at that. What was your rating? Anything I gave it a name okay. So we have. We have addy addy [, __ ], it might be an SC yeah. Oh here we go. Is this I think where I'm pretty happy with this yeah? We didn't happen because it's candy almond joy needs to be after it might as well be I'm. Sorry, it's just I would spill it at all o'clock. Is it I mean this is the most popular candy in the world, so an act for for them to have been around for all this time. Being that bad wait, oh I'm, enjoying the most popular candy in the world? Well, it's no I'm, saying definitely not I mean it's got like the two worst things almonds and coconut and meres marsupial. It's a neat I, don't think it's an enough I'm! Sorry, Zack, okay and no amount of gazing is gonna change. My mind I, like it I, think it's a good list. I think everybody should observe, know that guidelines, but the Sun, the candy corn is the candy. That is an F. What do you think if you think it should be enough? It's not even in consideration, I think it should be there, but, as the only I think you guys are obviously freaking wrong. We don't like by the way. This is the thing about candy carton. Whenever you see it, it's always this much yeah like of all the candies yeah, this milk bags or a bucket of candy schmudge. It must be so cheap to make this the day after Halloween like go to any grocery store and you'll see the biggest back a bag of candy core for like $1. This [ __ ] literally cost nothing to make it's so Halloween, though. That's why they probably keep those same packs for the next year. Good hater ass! Well, there you have it. Alright did pretty good overall you're, pretty good with that list. Oh my god ate too much. [ __, ] yeah haven't eaten much from here, no well. What else we oh I have some other videos I want to show you, though, before we take off, we swatched off to fail on the hoop now ela this one's for you, as you guys know, I love, Instagram food. There's all kinds of interesting, fascinating, amazing, inspiring things this one inspired me I. Think I found a recipe to make for ela for dinner tonight. This is a burrito where, instead of tortilla, it's fried cheese check it off mute, so the guy literally you know, fries cheese puts the astata lips it into a god. Damn burrito, that's pretty amazing. Isn't it that's Quito [Laughter] there should be no diet in the world where you're allowed to eat that you know anything that is a hundred percent. Keto, you know is bad. If you can eat that well, I mean it's kind of I mean. Do you wake up the next day after you die in your sleep. By the way, it's pretty cool, though it's pretty inventive, don't you say it is, but I would not touch that I would I would definitely I mean I would take a bite, it's kind of like an omelet just without the egg. It's just just the cheese through that, though. Anyone who could actually heat that whole thing really really is looks bomb yeah, yeah I knew you would like it. I love that that's keto though it is I know it is, and that's why I think he'll such bullsh. Well, anyway, it's fascinating! No matter how you cut it, you got any feeding window updates if anyone who's going great I mean I'm really sticking to it. It really works for me personally, I like to be able to get breakfast and dinner and I'm done. I mean it really works. For me, the biggest problem I have I think is, after our snacking and vegging and extra meals. So when I cut myself off around 6:00, then I think that that that really keeps my weight in control. Well, see I'm not been weighing myself I feel like weighing myself discourages me some people like it, so we will don't like when I lost, like all that weight before you came to Santa Cruz I, never weighed myself. I had no idea what I weighed at any time. It was just all I'm with you, I, don't like weighing myself trying to gain or lose I feel like you can see. You can see what's happening in the number I. Don't think the goal should be long-term. It shouldn't be short-term because sometimes you put on weight after a day, and you don't know why and it discourage you or sometimes you lose a bunch of weight and then the next. It's just it's a long-term process I just for me. Having that focus on that day to day short-term is uh. Unhelpful I just want to keep doing this for as long as I can, and you know see where we are in a couple months, but it is work. You definitely and I'll. Tell you after I ate all this candy I certainly don't feel like eating anything else for the rest of the day. I feel like ass, feel awful yeah. It's disgusting, isn't it crazy in which I'm kind of worried as like as a parent? How do you let your kid do this? That's what always that's the eternal struggle of Halloween, because kids fill up an entire pillow sack of candy and then the parent needs to do somehow not make their kid hate them forever and also I think what most parents do and probably what we'll do is like when they're sleeping you go, throw out a little bit every day. What because that way, they think. That's so shady. What do you? How else are you gonna? Okay, what do you? What? How do you do it without making your kid hate, you I, don't know yet that I think that's a good idea. Every night Ruggiero did you finish all your candy? Okay, yes, and do you think your parents, probably they did now I- mean I, never suspected that at the time or I'm never thought about until now, but I'm telling you a lot, there was like a million calories of candy in my in my soul, possession you know what the trick is. You gotta have multiple kids so that when they do notice the candy disappearing, they blame each other, hit them against each other, but I feel like there's gotta, be you need to control this because I'm telling you, when you see Theodore, come home I'm already worried its way. Crazier than this you know, but the sad thing about Halloween, because you've never experienced physik when you eat all your favorite [ __ ], and then what you're left with at the bottom is just the sad enough like. For me it was nerds. It was right, Jolly Ranchers, it was a peanut. We didn't get circus peanuts. What the hell you guys! Well, those are, after those dude circus peanuts would have been a half for sure. I. Don't never I, don't even know what that is. There's the gummy ones: circus yeah they're, like orange peanut like fluffy pseudo, oh I, know awful I'm telling you that would have gone. Oh, that would have been easier, yeah, maybe yeah. Oh yeah disgusting yeah gross yeah. They were disgusting, so those were at the bottom. That's a sad sight when you're like I, don't even want to eat this candy like yeah. You know ask what about licorice. What do you guys think of liquor? Love yeah, hard love, big love, big beautiful love, fan personally, love, black licorice love, red licorice I, even like purple, licorice I've never been a fan and I'm kind of just don't sometimes I'll kind of like it. That's weird I, mostly don't like it fascinating mm-hmm. Sorry I mean the don't clean you, but we were all talking about licorice, but I have to seesee in here who did a Halloween special on his Instagram page and, as you know, czn always turns up always so welcome to czn halloween bonanza Ethan Bradberry. Stop you could put on the music I. Think it's the vengers music I don't know about. Oh, it is okay. Nicole I thought they had like YouTube loyalty, free [, __ ], it's like so Ethan Bradberry, spider-man Elsa, so they shot it all backwards for I. Don't know what reason I guess so that so that the spider-man can look like he's jumping up there, but that wasn't that bad and then well I guess it was also. It could look like he's pulling it out with secret powers, but yeah Iron Man doesn't have super person. Do you know what I'm saying nice cinematography? What with his mask would have worked either way? No, he gravitated the pizza out of the oven. Oh oh I see what you mean. You can't do that Iron Man doesn't have that power. He he'd figure out a way. What what well I get tony would figure a way out and well, regardless just four point: three million views, so the reveal that smile yeah yeah that helmets, sick I want that helmet um. So Oh we had like the Twitter ban, I mean who gives a [ __ ], just taste this we have the anal fissures yeah. Did you do some follow-up on the anal fissures I did uh-huh? What did you learn and I heard it I've been getting a lot of heat, what I said yeah so, okay, so I guess I was improperly advised. The person was just [, __ ] with me. Well, you reveal who that person was uh. It's an ant Oh. Your aunt got you good she's lucky she got her [ __ ] inverted so, but I did I did okay, I I do have a doctor friend close to my family, who you know is this proctologist and said? Sometimes they put Botox I write I, find that very interesting. Did they do do that Zach, so well, I I was hoping that you were right because it's so funny, but so I do apologize. I was wrong. There certainly was a lot of backlash against Zach in the comments people said. Zach knows nothing about anal fissures. Why would I they said you're, either poorly describing lateral internals. This is a good one. Finked errata me sphincter, oh no, Meah, that's funny is that where they put the Botox up your ass, whoever had the surgery was a very rare case of someone who had chronic anal fissures that required an anal reconstruction, that's hot, or they had some other non fishery lated pain in the ass. Why do they have to have vision which look the funniest word ever combined with inside your [ __ ] like it's just so funny an anal fissure Zach for your educational purpose. We were recommended a very informative video that I think you should watch called what is an anal fissure, okay, so Zach. This is for your a little purpose. How explicit is this going to be? No, it's just married they're, just talking yeah. So this is a YouTube channel called talking with doctors and they brought like a proctologist to talk about you know four years ago to middle and the guy in the left can't even really keep a straight face, even even he's a doctor. What are you gonna talk about today, so I thought. Another very important topic was anal, fissures, I'm, really so oftentimes I'll see people in the office who present saying that they have a hemorrhoid but I think it's very important that people know that not all pain in the butt are actually related. Think she likes ass. But you to know like if your proctologist do you like ass player, you know I, guess the real differentiation with probably don't work, yeah I, don't know you probably do they probably find the prostate, like a mother, also related to a really hard bowel movement that passed and then all subsequent bowel movements, cancers going to look really painful, whereas it actually comes out. You feel a sharp stabbing debility, even potentially spasms in your pelvis as well. Okay, so that would be the hallmark symptom of slowly following along that make a note yeah, which differentiates from hemorrhoids, because hemorrhoids will have painful. Hemorrhoids will have an obvious lump where, with a fissure, you won't see a lump you'll and sometimes you won't even see the little tear fissures a tear in the in the largest College reaction, excruciating pain, I think it might be sure what do I do so. The first thing and most important thing- is actually get a clear diagnosis of what is giving you the pain but start you're, all brand buds, quarter-cup everyday things, love's going to be all brand new. I regulate your bowels regulators that was relevant regulation about regulators. Mown up. It was about them, taking the Metamucil money. What I think it is one of Muslim graduates? Yeah no I mean you, don't want a big heart. Don't miss this! For you, one of the biggest office bomb. It's not hard, not too hard, like Goldilocks I, think it you gotta stretch it out. You got to stay limber, the sphincter. So so, basically, you already watch this video. You want a big car or you want a big poop, but something yeah, because you want to basically massage the sphincter as it comes out, and you really want to avoid those anal fissures, yeah so bases so the fissure is when you poop basically cuts you on the way out right. It's a big bowl Duras. You ever had a [ __ ], you ever I mean I've had one of those before work. I don't get them often, but man, those things are crazy. They like softball, it's like giving birth and they just you can feel your [ __ ] tearing up you're like oh, it's so painful. You know what I mean you guys get the lottery. You you, how regular are you um I did when I was younger, I gotta say being vegetarian. You poop pretty healthy. It's good for that. That's good I had this. When I was younger to I, don't really have it no I think Zac probably is gnarly poops well, I've, taquitos jet absolutely I have a slight case of IBS. So that's good right. No but I mean IBS mixture, but he gives you like diarrhea. No yeah, it could hit you at the worst times like I, had to pull over on the side of the road like yeah. But it's not you don't get the fissures. You don't get desiring. Fortunately, no well, that's good yeah. The diarrhea is bad. Obviously, yeah Ian EMI have some monster sheds. That's not too bad, not too much blood I got a piece, so I've been out of I haven't, had a bloody [ __ ] in a while, though so I'm glad we're all good, but I gotta, say I can't speak highly about Metamucil enough yeah I mean Metamucil is amazing. Anyone who's tried is like the shiver rules. Well, it helps me like both ways if I'm constipated or, if like today, either way it's just the center. You know what evens yeah yeah. It's like what the Buddha talked about the center path, the center row a middle way, the middle way yeah. He was talking about me not too soft, not too hard, not too soft. The middle I was good. That's that's in the enlightened path right there. So let me ask when you guys are on the toilet. Do you like to enjoy it, or are you more of like a quick and get I'm, not quick and get out? Okay I. Do it so fast, I love! It I. Take my time, I don't like when it takes too long what I hate, but since I started using baby wipes. The wiping doesn't usually take too long and I'm happy to announce today on the show that we bought some tote. Oh yeah, electric crazy. Our new place does not allow for flushing baby wipes because it had a certain septic system and as well. That's that's everything. I'm, not worried about the city. I'm just worried about what were those things called: oh yeah, they were called uh-oh the sewage monsters. They were called something Oh fat burn yeah so anyway, I'm off baby, whyne, so I gotta get this Toto do vase, so the seat comes up and it shoots hot, warm water at your butthole. You finally got on the bidet yeah there. All this time, alright well I had to get to the totem but yeah. It's ever been there right. Yesterday, I mean it's DB day yeah. You can control the angle of the water, you, it's got warm water, you can control the pressure. How do you? The pressure of the water and I'm, still not quite sure how I'm gonna get out of there without wiping, though, because well I've had this we've had this we'll see, everyone says that it's possible I guess well, I mean you know what I could do is have a baby, wipe that I clean up with it and throw it out. Yeah cuz, there's not gonna, be a ton of [ __ ] on it. It's just to make sure cuz I like to make sure yeah you gotta make. You know what I did yesterday that I haven't done since I was like 5. This is embarrassing to admit, but I was having like really itchy [ __ ], which and I put vaseline on my butthole yeah I took the baby Vaseline for healing. Why are you - I, don't know I may have a fissure I I get I get what you're talking about. Did you did say that you get itchy when you have a fish after I think she said the healing process? Oh yeah, I I! Don't think it's bad! It's just I think. But you know what it is is that I haven't used baby wipes in a long time and I'm using a lot of toilet paper and I. Think, like I, think that's irritating my my butthole and it's gettin itchy site I, just [ __ ] scooped some Vaseline up there and it actually was really nice. It helped a lot. It's almost instantly, isn't it yeah? No, it was amazing. I thought my it was gonna feel all gooey and nasty, but it didn't at all. I I was talking about I should do this every day. I should keep my [ __ ] nice and like lit moist yeah, so you can insert you can surf [Laughter], okay, I, don't know if we all needed to know that yeah. Well, honestly, what didn't you need to know? I mean really at the end of the day, and all it knowledge is not much. Knowledge is a it's very objective to continue on the Fisher. I got an email from a fan: Zack hi I'm from Australia, so the figure surgery may be different here, because the other way get it. But I like to tell you my experience to assist your recent debate. I obtained the Fisher when I was 17 years old and I didn't know what it was at the time, so I just ignored it for years. Big mistake, that's what I'm doing right now! I'm just putting Vaseline on I thought, pain and bleeding was normal. I didn't have a close relationship with my parents, so I never opened up to them about the issue. This Liat led to long term constipation problems even now, eleven years later, due to the pain preventing me from using the bathroom for weeks at a time Wow, oh god, poor guy. Oh, it's a girl, Kayla poor Kayla end up seeing a doctor when I was 19 and he prescribed me cream that I had to insert into my butt hole three times a day. That's what I was doing. It's almost embarrassing, even when you're by yourself, it's like it's just me, some Vaseline a finger and my [ __ ] knowledge and your finger really goes in there too cuz, it's all the dope with the Vaseline okay. So it's like [ __ ]. Well, it was crazy. You want to know more. No. This was an unpleasant experience that never held my issue really I liked it. I ended up being referred to a specialist after a year of using this cream, and this specialist insisted that I had to keep using the cream. I was also put on laxatives by the time. I was 22, the specialist finally agreed to perform the surgery. He said that it was very painful and the success rate was not good, which is why they persisted with the cream. For so long turns out. The procedure fix the fissure was to cut another piece of my anus muscle, which would allow for more blood to flow to the to reach the torn piece and help it heal. I was put to sleep for the actual procedure, so didn't field thing was horribly painful recovery though, but it was worth it to no longer have the pain of taking a giant dump. I couldn't sit for days and I had to have a lukewarm bath of salt water twice a day for four weeks to prevent an infection in my anus and lots of laxatives - I'm now 28 years old and I have a perfectly happy healthy butt hole. So it has a very happy ending, fantastic and, as she says, I hope this helps report. Thank you for reading Kayla, so Zack she did have the fissure surgery. Okay and I will have to read it again, but I didn't read anything about flipping the anus. Well, it was an exaggeration. What I was told I see so I do apologize. I wish that was a real tight dude like imagine getting a fresh, tight young anus I'm sure they can do it. Imagine cuz mine is all worn out. I've been putting blah Vaseline all over it. You flipped that baby around ooh fresh anus. It's like flipping the pill. Oh yeah, here's some feedback for you, Eva, hey, that's it that was the feedback. Kevin writes dear Ella I'm, a die-hard h3 podcast fan I have listened to every episode at this point. I am an exclusive iTunes audio listener. That's interesting and I'm being 100% serious when I tell you that eating segments are the best part of the podcast I'm, usually on your side either, but I have to go with Ethan on this one. Well, I do not enjoy the sounds of you've, been crunching away on lettuce. It doesn't bother me and in fact, I feel that eating segments are so informative and interesting. It's as if I'm watching a must much less dignified report of the week. That's for sure nobody's more dignified than him now I know not to get talked about salads. What a great thing to know now I can avoid that cancer being more informed by the podcast I've shown the segment's to my friends and they all agree. You'll the eating segments are the best. I, truly believe that the eating segments enhance the show profoundly. Thank you for taking your time to read this email and please please do more food reviews in the future. I suggest you try fast food soups huh. Do they serve soup at fast food I've. Never ever heard that my life Kevin I, don't know if I believe in you think he's being ironic. Oh well, you probably read some comic Stan. What do people think about the eating? The salad section, dance headphones are messed up so, of course, well, basically, we've got the millionaire. I puts it together, a segment of people getting the first question wrong, a millionaire which I thought was great. It's always fantastic, but that that's evergreen. Is it not sure so we also have the Twitter. Let's talk about Twitter, more wrapped up want to give a big shout out to Jack Dorsey I believe is his last name who announced epically that Twitter is banning all political ads. How cool is that very interesting? He said a political message earns reach when people decide to follow an account for retweet paying for each removes that decision forcing highly optimized and targeted political messages on people I'm not reading. All this I'm over it, but basically what he's saying which I like that he's saying this isn't about free speech, because I hate that all these companies like Facebook, always their their big excuses. Like oh it's free speech, we don't want a home free speech, funny idiot, it's not free expression or whatever. Well, and first of all, it's a private company and, second of all. Well, here's the here's. The difference is, if you take out an ad on broadcast like let's say CNN and you there has to be some truth and advertising. For example, I have this clip of of AOC asking the Zack, for example, here I mean I thought I thought this was was a very telling moment in primary is saying that they voted for the green new deal. Would I be able to run advertisements on Facebook targeting Republicans in primaries, saying that they voted for the green new deal. I mean if you're, not fact-checking political advertisements, I'm trying to understand the bounds here. I think so you don't know. If I'll be able to do that, I, don't think you could do that on broadcast to just outright like smear somebody, she says, could I target a Republican and say he voted for the green new deal, which obviously is to them. Like you know it's targeting a liberal and saying they voted to make abortion illegal or something similar to that I would imagine and it if it's just patently false that I mean. Does the platform have a responsibility to to control that messaging, because right now, I think we are in the middle of a information crisis and that's what Jack talks about he says here: I, don't know if you're right, though I think they you could run it on television I, don't think so. I think that is part of the conversation. No, the part of the conversation is that on on social media, there's no auditing, there's no verification and people are just taking it all at face value. If you go to a major broadcasting network and try to run an ad like that, they're gonna say no cuz, it's an outright lie and I think there are truth in advertising laws. It gets really tricky with political ads. There are yeah, but the FCC has a very light touch with that kind of stuff because they don't want to appear partisan. But what you just said is correct: it, the the stations generally yeah they'll they'll, refuse to Erin had if it's just like you can't just be like [ __ ]. You know you can't just run an ad and be like yeah and Zuckerberg Joe dances, Donald Trump attended a Nazi rally, I mean it's like you, you know what I mean right and so Facebook doesn't have that they don't care and Jack very wisely, said internet political ads present an entirely new challenge to civic discourse, machine learning, based optimization of messages and micro, targeting unchecked misleading information and deep fix all increasingly velocity sophistication and overwhelming scale. This isn't about free speech is about paying for reach and paying to increase. The reach of political speech has significant ramification. That's today's democratic infrastructure may not be ready to handle it's worth. Stepping back in order to address I mean how how cool is that? That's so nice I think that he's he's putting a you know our democracy ahead of Twitter's earnings, and you know when you see little [, __ ] boy suck here who's like he's doubling down I mean they here, let's see a little more after an hour of Jack, announcing that they'll no longer run political ads, Facebook doubles down, says Google YouTube and most Internet platforms run these same ads. Most cable networks run these same ads and, of course, national broadcasters are required by law to run them by FCC regulations. I think there are good reasons for this in a democracy, I, don't think it's right for private companies to censor political called politicians or the news, and although I've considered whether we should not carry these ads in the past and I'll continue to do so unbalanced, so far, I've thought we should well here and then to follow that up again. It's like she says if you're out, like I'm lying I mean you know it's it's a it's a clear and present danger, I. Think in terms of we have it. We have a issue of information. There's too much information we'd. A lot of you don't know. What's real, what's false, it's super hard to know, what's real, what's false and when people are exploiting that, as Jack said, you have algorithms in real-time crunching data, manipulating people -. That's why it's just not real I can't stand when Mark is trying to defend it with free speech, because it has nothing to do with that yeah. It's it's not really speech. It's really just like large-scale emulation. I think you Jack Dorsey, explain it like. When you follow someone and then you see their feed, that's free speech, but when someone is paying for rich you're gonna see something that is not something you would have it's not natural they're paying for rich. So it's not there's nothing like here. He's a he's about said. A free speech and paid speech are not the same thing. Our current policies on fact-checking people in political office or those running for office are a threat to what Facebook, oh yeah. Employees of Facebook are now rebelling 250 employees of Facebook wrote a letter to the zuc, asked him to change his policy they're concerned. That Facebook is a place for free expression and they worried that the policies will undo the work that has been done since 2016 election to fight misinformation, free speech, they said and paid speech are not the same thing. Our current policies on fact-checking and political office and those running for office are a threat to what Facebook stands for. After the recent controversy over Facebook's political ad policy, where Zuck essentially has said that politicians can literally lie and advertisements on the platform the company is getting pushed back internally was signed by 250 employees who are now unemployed, sucks, put them in the meat grinder. It's like a meat meat on day. Contrary, like their argument against the doors is decision set, is saying that removing a major source of low cost political advertising from Twitter harms those who don't yet have a large audience but are looking for an inexpensive way to reach votes and identify new supporters. So I don't find people think that that's the reason why it should be allowed dude that is such a minor consequence of litter I feel like nobody actually thinks that yeah, it's so great, he said no political ads. It's the only way you can do this. Nobody no plea even said no single policy ads either like if it's a single issue of like gay marriage was a big one or whatever gun rights. Marijuana stuff, like that, no political ads, the only political as they're allowing are to get people to register to vote, that's the only ones they allow I. Think it's fantastic I think that it's become too sophisticated to manipulative that these these platforms are posing too great of a threat to the information exchange of knowing, what's really going on and I. Think these kinds of debates and conversations need to be happening not on social media and I. Applaud that move and I think Mark Zuckerberg is a sociopath I think he may be a psychopath. He certainly is placing the value of Facebook above the welfare of the entire world at large. I think that the dude is super rich and he's got like a $30 haircut I. Don't know why the dude likes to smoke, meats and he's gonna end up smoking civilization if he doesn't get his [ __ ] together, good smoky flavor such a weirdo, so I do have, to you have to say: I, went and looked up the rules, and it's true that what he says TV networks there they aren't allowed to reject ads because they find it objective all or miss Lee like the rules against false advertising and the kind of stuff which is probably what you're thinking of do not apply to political ads. So, basically, yes, you could that's what I rely on TV as well yeah, the same way that you can on Facebook I feel like there's got to be more to that I mean we're. Not experts on this field, but I, don't think that it's perfect on TV no way. There's a guy there's got to be more regulation than not fit on Facebook. You can literally. You can say me. There's crazy, conspiracies, like this circulated on Facebook, that, like Hillary Clinton is a child molester and like a lot of people, believe that [ __ ], you know what I'm saying like you can run that on Fox News well stuff like that I mean you're right. They would probably deem that inappropriate, and you got to understand too that there's a distinction between what a candidate can put out and then what like these PACs, which are sort of these kind of gray area independent, it's all packed school right, and so the laws don't apply to packs. Like the laws saying like you can't censor a politician that I don't there's some God did. There's better government prevents from censoring political ads censoring, but that doesn't mean I can run ads, saying that Elizabeth Warren a you know, drinks the blood of children yeah good, because it gets hard to decide what what is false. You know what makes it false, what makes it false yeah that she blinked that she drinks the blood of children. Okay, no I, understand but I, just something that you don't do. The level of [ __ ] on something to a Republican would look right to a Democrat. Would look like a life so hard? That's what you see on Facebook is a coordinated, intelligent, algorithmic there's what they're doing is serving it on such a granulated level, where they go it's more complicated and it's a difference, but nothing. But we're talking about the point that you said that on TV you won't see fake eyes. You do I! Think, okay, it's different! They don't have the smart algorithm like social media, does I think the difference is again. I I mean can't be back. That seems overly simplistic. I have a hard time, believing that that I could run an ad saying elizabeth warren trench baby. But if you, if you are the candidate like if you are running for governor or whatever and you run- and you want to pay for an ad that says that your opponent in the race you know- has sex with animals or something you could do that and but not a PAC is what you're saying a PAC couldn't do it on your behalf, right so I think on Facebook you have organizations, not the candidate who are REME. Most ads are coming from PACs, like you said yeah, so on Facebook. You can have you go on in Kansas in this or this it's, the small subset of males who follow this page in the city, get really activated when they see that Elizabeth Warren drinks baby blood. What's going on in Facebook, okay, but on the on television. It's not like that. It's not just black or white. It's like I'm! Just reading now, like you know how so, when they're in commercials, they can use like language that may suggest something, but doesn't say necessarily like like the top brand of laundry. It doesn't say we're number one, but it it it's a language that will imply that they're number one so and they do the same. Okay, there's misleading ads, but the level of the of [ __ ] you see, that's coming from Facebook is another level and but and like what Dan said. Okay, if you put your candidates face on the television, you say: Elizabeth Warren, [, __, ] animals and say this message and I. My name is George Bush and I approve this message right, that's different than some anonymous PAC, there's just running all this straight-up slanderous [, __ ] on Facebook, that's happening and on they have and they're so good at doing it that they're, based they are literally affecting what people see as real yeah I mean. Look at Hillary I agreed that it needs a different treatment, yeah and I. Think and I. Think Zuckerberg is purposely taking advantage of the fact that these things are very complicated. Yeah most people don't have a grasp on it. I mean it he's. Definitely, you haven't even gone into there's distinction between broadcasts networks. You know like NBC ABC, you know the lower stations versus cable, like there's distinctions between those things too. So there's like a lot of layers: - yeah, it's definitely playing dumb, but you know, and and- and that only goes to show how much money he makes from that all right right. This was just a couple million bucks or even 10, 20 million bucks. He wouldn't give a [ __ ]. He would take the good PR and he would cancel the whole thing, but how much money is? Actually all this dark money is flowing into Facebook because they go well. I can't run this [ __ ] on Fox News, but if I go on Facebook I can basically it's like the Cambridge analytical [ __ ] they're, like I, can reach every I can literally change the election on Facebook, with 50 million bucks, they're, all they're, making so much money off this [ __ ], making so much money and all those people that say. Oh, it's silly, you know, Facebook ads, aren't swinging an election or whatever they wouldn't be spending this kind of money on it right. It didn't have an impact and and I thought and Zuck wouldn't be taking this bad PR. If it was that little money yeah exactly he's part dude, they're, probably making money like you, can even guess, they're, probably making hundreds hundred million dollars yeah for sure I mean it's just crazy, he's definitely I, don't know it's acts. Like he's scary, it's weird cause. It's like! Oh he's. I was trying to try to like defend his actions with free speech and whatever, but is actually doing like real dark. Well, look back! There's these these famous leak, - dams! With luck when first made Facebook at Harvard, you said something like these idiots just give me whatever they want. I have all their social security numbers and driver's license number just. Let me know if you want him and the person says: why did they give it to you says I, don't know they're [, __ ] idiots like verbatim. That's what he said about people on the beach I mean he's a meat chef, but like sweet baby I do think he probably has some kind of clinical I mean I do think he probably has some kind of sociopathy. He must yeah. He does come off it's a little off. Doesn't he well yeah I would think that, like if my company had so much responsibility that you could actually like affect the elections, I would want to take more action. Well, Jack did yeah. That's awesome, yeah and I hope that that amounts pressure against Facebook. To do the same thing. I clearly did, but I will say about they. They put a statement that they're not gonna. Do anything well, we'll see, I mean it yeah. They did, but I'll tell you. Facebook's tools are so robust man. We've done some mild testing with like marketing on with Teddy fresh and for whatever reason the Facebook returns are always like insanely, better than the Google AdWords stuff, but Facebook is always just such. Is it actually better or is it just telling you well just going off of like what it tells you? How many impressions are our I think it's actually better? Okay and you know they got sued and lost about the whole thing with faking views yeah yeah on the video when you were buying impressions and yeah. No, this this is based, I mean we have all the cookies and it's like straight up conversion and everything right, yeah yeah, but man I mean I, just don't get it I, don't know. What's going on on Facebook well, because they've spent over a decade now building up an extremely detailed profile on what like over half of the country, I mean almost everybody. That's a Facebook at this point right, I used yeah anymore I mean I, don't use mine at all. No, yes, but it's a long time, though so I mean they still got that info on me. Yeah I hope they saw us. I, swear, I, hope the Facebook died, so bad I'll make meats now smoking these meats. Here, such a word over the smoked meats. Yes, it's just his attempt to look human I, wonder what he does on his free time. He's probably does I could totally see him doing that smoky flavor, though so I think that's it. We've done it all. We've seen it all. We've talked about anal fissures. What you want to play golf sure, I'd, love to I feel like [, __, ], there's a lot of candy. Oh, we have The Witcher trailer. You want to watch that, let's not get claimed over a dump, yeah yeah, whatever honestly I hope you guys all had a great Halloween I'm very happy with how my costume turned out. Thank you to the boys back, hey making that happen either looked fantastic Dan. What the slamming looked fantastic Ian looks: fantastic he's, still balancing it on his head. Well done, Ian, and only by the grace of Zach's beautiful gaze was he able to make it through it? And basically this is this is why we're here I mean miles ACK, no gate. No, it's adults mile brats! It don't think about all the horsey sauce. Don't listen to her so much! Well guys. I had a lot of fun here on this halloween bonanza I had a lot of fun, lots of laughs, gaffes goofs were had I, don't like candy anymore I'm over it and that's it so taste Friday, that's pretty cool hope. You all have a blessed weekend, a fantastic! Let's all go and do nothing. How does that sound I'm in baby? You know me I'm always in for that. These doggies are ready to get at her. They were good boys, though I love, you guys so much I mean a burro Hashem got blessed and everything else that rabbi would say during a sermon. What something a rabbi would say, he would say: listen you would you go home, you must remember, actually have no idea what they would say. They would say you must remember to always when you have sex, you must put a hole in the sheet for your dick to pass through, because God God knows that you mustn't lust over your wife, even when you're having sex. So that's why we put the hole in the sheet. That's what they do right, the Orthodox honestly they put a hole in the sheet and they have sex through the hole that sounds kind of hot. That's a good thing like some weird porn yeah like just a dick to Oishi, though, but then how do they have sex do this? Does he lay over her and the sheet? No idea, because I imagine it's like doggy style, but then that means you would have to pin the sheet up and then the girl would have to do. Some kind of balancing act seems complicated. Well, I'll. Look that up later tonight, there's probably some some kind of there's some sub subcategory there and well. That's it guys and I and I and I hope all right guys. Thank you have a blessed blessed beautiful weekend. Tell the people in your life, you love them. Tell the people in your life. They all that you hate that you don't hate them cuz, you don't hate, that's not what God would tell you to do. I'm a rabbi right now so and say blessings for the beautiful food. Do you eat on your dinner table because there we don't have the bless I mean I mean Moses, walk down. I'm raiding is that the sex through the [ __ ], is a mate. Nobody ever [ __ ] to a sheet I had a feeling, though I'm utterly well. Logistically it doesn't make any sense right. Well, do some research for Bob say blessings for the food Moses walked through the desert. He didn't have food god, damn it so be a goddamn prayer and speed hack, be goddamn thankful that you're here on this earth, because a lot most things never even get to exist at all, but you do exist, and so you know what damn it get out there and exist the [ __ ] out of it. That's what God said when he created the earth, the [ __ ] out of it. Now this play, it created the earth so and the Spirit of God and I and I and I so bad. Alright, let's wrap it up. Thank you guys thank you for watching. Nobody made it this far. If you did make it this far say and I poop God said, say this God said on the seventh day and I hope and he knew his creation was complete. Yeah, let's go hang out with shredder love. You guys thank you for watching stay, blessed, keep the dick swinging and [ __ ] to a sheet brush brush your teeth. Definitely [Music]!.