To welcome everybody to an extremely ordinary episode of the h3 podcast, thank you to candid quipped, hems and door - for sponsoring today's episode. I was expecting ela to be here today, but I, don't quite see her in her seat. Hmm Oh. What is that is that American, music, that's weird! That's coincident cos ela just passed her citizen test. Yesterday, ela just became an American citizen. Is that mobility Mary? What is happening? Oh [Music], my goodness, ela, are you here? Oh wow. Oh my god welcome ela a tango guest. Today she left last time as an Israeli. She enters today as an American ela. How does it feel talk to me? Tell me how did it feel to read the Gatsby and all the to glory? Tell me of you like now. I can really write it. You know, I got the flags and the balloons like I feel like every old person on a mobility scooter. They always have this like personalized write attached to it. Absolutely now we got ours right, we're all well, and the red of the Gatsby matches perfectly I mean wow I feel worthy to be. Writing it. Now, as an American, well, yellow uh, we've got more surprises for you today. You know when you, when you pass the citizen test, you do a oh ceremony when you pledge allegiance well, we have an an oath ceremony of our own here at the HP podcast. Now I'm gonna have to ask you to join us back in the main lobby. You're gonna have to back this thing. Up no meet you, okay, let's gonna back it up here! Try to capture this Dan cuz! This gonna be sloppy. Oh I'm, sorry, I just ate my words, you lose got it the manoeuvre, so you're, coming back towards Dan, okay, all right! Okay, all right all right! We do have workers comp, so it's fine, well you're cold on Pook, for it go forward. You're on condensed, cable, okay, great okay, come back now go ahead and show what we have here: cue: the music Zach. Now what we have here is this god, damn god damn Oh sama. Let me is the music playing okay. Yet let me hear that I gotta get an American spirit, god, damn bow! Sama I! Tell you what the sama! Damn come, damn take them terrorists down man. Now we got to have Gatsby in that goddamn eel American, citizen, Ming, god damn of salmon. So today Europe we have the Gatsby the American vehicle of choice. It's like Ford of mobility, scooters. We have Osama here in what coincidentally looks like a twin tower. That was not by design dancing, no, that wasn't by design damn it's just boxes on top of each other, because that would mean you're taking down the tower and that's not American yeah we're taking out a salmon ELA before you take out Osama here. Do you have any words for the troops to Osama bin Laden, his sons, who are still out there or Isis at large? Do you have anything to say as a as an American citizen, something for our troops? That's right! That's the only correct answer and to the terrorists out there that threaten you, a pledge to uphold the Constitution and all of its enemies. Do you have anything to say to the enemies of the Constitution I did pledge that I will serve the United States if needed. Watch out. This is a need, I, think and I think today you're about to make good on that pledge so ela. It is with great pleasure I present to you the burning of a sama via Gatsby ela, [, __ ] him up [ __ ] that terrorists come back up back up back up over that get that bloodlust going you up, let's bomb some butterflies, [Music], that's good right, all right! All right! Yeah now, you're, scaring me try to catch me. Dude now, you're, scaring me dude we're on the same side, huh all right. That's a gun expected to it! Well, you actually have a mind. Yes, what should we do at this mic'd and turn it off dancing? Well, congratulations. That was a lot of fun. Was that. Thank you like me, though, we're both American mobility, our spirit before you got on that thing. You were like I, don't want to hit the table. Setting and I found myself when I was going to trying to [ __ ] with Danny and like you charged at him, but you actually came at me. I did jump on the table and I was a little scary, I, never I, never shaved. You guys that close did I down yeah. You know pretty good one boy. Well, that's the Gatsby and that's why we have workers comp. So not a problem. I wanted to test you guys all you, members of our cast here, the h3 nation ela, had to take a civics test. There's a hundred questions on civics that you have to know so. I picked 20 of the choice, questions out of 100 I'm, gonna quiz, you guys and I- want to see what the [ __ ] y'all were talking. [ __ ] like oh I'm, a genius to be fair. They all 80 of them are like stupid, obvious. Also. They asked me like the easiest ones on the test. How many states are there? She like that, not even like who's, the president. Right now they asked you that that was Rhonda, what they aren't even trying who's the president right now, yeah. Imagine getting that wrong. I don't know. Is it cool, okay, who's, the president right now, yeah George Washington. Do you remember any other ones? They asked you [Music], one was about. Let me say if it's one of the questions who was the president during the it's, not the Great, Depression and World War two, it was a little spicy, yeah. Okay, so I've got you guys, ready back there yeah. Okay. First question: how many amendments does the Constitution? Have we got to see you guys go ahead? I get just you want anybody to jump. Anybody jump in I! Think I wanna see [ __, ], 23! Okay, you you guys are wrong. You guys are all wrong. 27, 27, hansol, okay, whatever we're over 27 yeah Dan yeah and you guys speak up cuz. You know we got it. You gotta expose yourself to hear true. Okay, you all three have to answer at the same time. In you know five seconds. The idea of self-government is the first three words of the Constitution. What are these three words We, the People. What are two rights in the Declaration of Independence life and liberty? Free speech, I need a name, a California, State Senator Dianne Feinstein. Look at you, you guys come together. You guys came together how many house, how many representatives are in the House of Representatives, one hundred hundred what the [ __ ] Zach hit hit him with a man. Definitely not, oh, you know. I actually do know this one. It's time. It's 438 is that right, Louis, but it's 435 it changes based on states get more or less depending on the population. Oh I was you know what I was I was confusing it with the electors, it's 538 for the cover track, honestly it if the president, the vice president, cannot serve, then who becomes president the speaker, the house Ian this one's for you, because you're quiet how many justices are on the Supreme, Court, nine who's, the chief justice Ian of the supported again well, you're, the supreme court expert, apparently Cavanaugh. Isn't it Robert? That's Roberts I told when I was trying to help either remember that I said think of the white under the Constitution, this one's for Zach. What powers belong to the federal government? What powers you can name, one [Music] head hit that time, clock wanna know. The true answer is to print money and I thought and make treaties make treaties, but the president is the only one that can declare war. That's the executive know that Congress you're wrong. Okay and that's like a hundred years. That's been a little questionable. Well, there you go. Thank you. I do like I did like your first answer of marijuana, this one's for Dan, I, don't dance dan knows the [ __ ], okay, one under the Constitution. What powers belong to the state, good Dan and it I'll give you a hint. It is marijuana what powers belong to the state, yeah yeah, all the powers not articulated in the Constitution or well, that's a really poor answer. Well, I mean technically no there's powers in the Constitution that belong to the state. One of them is to issue a license Oh another to provide education security. Another is to provide security thing. Leila police poll is, are those specifically articulated, though, according to the flashcards we use under the Constitution. Those powers belong to the state. That I mean that is I mean dude I've got flashcards. They were pre, they're, pre-printed, okay in no this one's for Zach, who is the Governor of California Gavin news new, something that's close enough: okay, Ian? Who is your state representative? If you know this, I'm gonna give you I got a I got a do something nice for you. If he knows this I'm sorry I, don't know or anyone anyone Adam Schiff. Are you serious? Where do you know? Yes, I thought they. This guy was the whole Burbank I wonder if they have a different representatives in our minds: brad Sherman! No I did you vote for brad Sherman, yeah yeah. Why is that? Who is the Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi Ian? What, when is the last day you can send in your federal income? Tax forms, April 20th, April 5th tardy tardy is what the federal government and so students in another 20th [Music] [Applause]. It's April 15th! Isn't that right, Zach! Congratulations! Ian! Why did the colonists fight the British, the Brits, all sorts of [ __ ] their teeth? It was. It was because they were living in their houses, they had no self-government and they were paying high taxes. That's right with no representation exactly in okay, then, because they call soccer football. I had got the distance themselves in who wrote the Declaration of Independence. Wait why you [ __ ], try to goof on me and now who wrote the Declaration of Independence jae-in? What's the Declaration of Independence adopted he in I'm gonna phone a friend and pass it along 1776 wrong? Okay, this one's for? Oh, this one is for each one of you name, three different of the original 13 States, the name not just three I'll name, the best three good Massachusetts New York Pennsylvania go ahead, sac Delaware Virginia and are we going with Virginia, yellow and remember that is correct and and and get hidden in and name the other eight [Laughter] Hawaii? Hmm? Okay? Let's, let's move it along what name? One u.s. territory, Zach Puerto, Rico? Okay, let's move on! Congratulations we're also to say how many amendments there's the [ __ ] lot of a comment. You know yeah and there's been repeals there, who could keep track of all that [ __ ]. Exactly now, I want to announce right now. Do I have to the folder, with all the photos of the rip and dip. Where is that ela, it's in Google, Drive and The Shard drives Jesus, go ahead and talk about the meetup as I polish, alright. So tonight we are flying to New York, which I cannot believe we didn't pack yet, and we are gonna, be there on Friday at the meet and greet the rip and a pop-up shop. Do we have the info? Yes, we do it. The info is okay. Thank you. Rip and Devin. Meet-And-Greet me either are gonna, be in New York City, this Friday Beibei in Manhattan we're doing a pop-up store there in collaboration with rip and dip. We have another collab that was extremely popular and exciting from last year. We're doing it again. This year, bigger and better than ever. The address which we'll put in the description is 107 Grand, Street, New, York, New, York, Bay Bay. You don't need the zip 100 1 3, it's Manhattan. What do you get it? Huh, 103, Grand Street? That's all you need to know. Let me show how I know 7 107, I, guess I should say it right. I'm gonna hit it. So here we go the sick. Here's we got the hoodie, we got the camo pants, we got the plush. Everything you see is for sale except the big ones. If the big one we got the loved the cat and bear cut up is so sick hoodie we got the whole thing. We got the rug, that's not for you guys! That's for us. We got the camel what we got. The socks hold the phone. We got the slippers, oh god! Oh no hold the phone slippers, the t-shirt, oh my god, the plush doll, oh the slippers, who's gonna, cop, those everybody right. Oh my goodness. It's all happening on the bottom. You got the rip in depth. Eddie fresh, the shirt, oh Jesus, oh they're, hiding in the pocket, [ __. ] me. You've got this shirt. You got this puffy jacket. You've got the windbreaker hold the [ __ ] breaker turns into that. It turns into a frickin fanny pack case you want to carry I frankly, can't ever see anyone doing that, but maybe maybe, if you're looking, maybe do you see? Do you see that ever being a thing, maybe I mean I, do hate carrying and jacket with me, but it's not like a functional fanny pack, but it's better than like holding it right. There you go, so you can do that, but you don't have to either it's just enough yeah and breaker. There you go. You got the long sleeve dude. You got the Hat, this jacket, [ __ ] rules. Are you serious right now? Look at these two cool dudes. Ah the beanie forgot about oh yeah, this long-sleeve mm-hmm. We got a lot of stuff. This jackets, so sick, huge chenille, patch, right, mm-hmm corridor in a corduroy jacket. There's those got the you there I mean it's and we're gonna be there in person for four hours, I mean we're gonna try to go longer, we're gonna try to go as long as we can, but I. Just those things are very. What's the word? It's very hard work. It's hard! It's exhausting it's a lot. It is because each person that you meet- it's like you, want to give them girl yeah, but anyway, we'll be there for at least 11, if not 11, to 3. Sorry we'll be there for at least 4 hours. We're meeting jontron that night for an easy meal, I'm happy to announce to everybody as well. What you are all not invited to mm-hmm. We simply don't have enough seats at the table, but I'd love to take you all with me. So everything will also be available on the roof in the website. Yes, and in their stores in LA and Japan, they have a store in Japan which nobody isn't in Japan, but if you're in Japan it's there, so there you go guys. We're excited we'll see you guys in New York. This Friday details are in this script and exciting stuff. Now Zack we got so much to get to my goodness Zacks birthday, we're gonna miss because we're not doing a Friday episode because uh we're not here. So we wanted to honor Zack our sound lad of one year. He's really blossomed, he's really grown. He's served us laughs, goofs and unforgettable moments of eating mayonnaise and horsey sauce. You got any mail, we do that. Thank you for asking yeah Zack should duck join us in here Dan. What do you think? Yes, I guess so dad please join us today. It is his birthday and we also recently realized he's been with us one year. Yeah I did say that you did say that it wasn't sure if you said it as like a birthday thing or is that okay, oh, did we celebrate his birthday when he joined you're, saying Zack come in here we got a celebration for you, I, don't know I mixed it up, yeah sit, sit, join us I've, got questions and I've got celebrations and I've got so many things to honor you with here today, so well, just wait so Zack. How was it been? You've been here for one year? It's your birthday, tell us about yourself. Ah, it's been amazing, absolutely amazing, and am I how like tell me about how good of a boss I am? Thank you the best. That's not, and okay, great we've covered all that. First of all, we have a present to honor by all means. Yes, absolutely. This is from everyone in the game. We put, we pitched all in together. You get something really special, so we are sure you're gonna enjoy it and, let's see, what's inside it's a shoved inside of a Dollar Shave but I assure you it's not a razor [Music]. Can we get oh yeah I'm asking for sound bites, but our sound guys like it like a drum roll or some so describe what you see? Oh no way, yeah hundred dollars the RV's with a bunch of horsey sauce, the guy likes horsey sauce we deliver am I wrong yeah in horses. Thank you! So much you go to prison. That's probably currency, hey can I eat one now, so we got $100 of gift card star bees know your favorite restaurant. So much absolutely and there's probably I, don't know five hundred packets of and tell us about your journey due to obscure yeah. I said to the lady, give me as much horsey sauce as you're authorized. That was a good line. How did they? How did she react to that? She was very game. She didn't ask a single question: she's, probably seen weirder [ __ ] she's, like yeah. No, no worries check out our office to dining in over yeah. You guys really outdid yourselves. A can or not. Zack had nothing to hide dan and Ian, really uh round of applause for making this a special day for everybody. Now, let's act, go ahead and I see, you've got a horsey. All queued up. I did not ask for this, but you again, you've served the show and uh. We appreciate you so much so Zack hitting that horsey sauce. Now you have to do all of these okay. Well, here we go. The fun is just beginning. So take this. This is yours. We have more to honor us, go ahead, put that down and then there's a plate on your seat. Was there played on your seat? Not okay, go ahead, sit down, Dan bring in the cake. We have a specialty cake that we made just for you, oh yeah, we bake this or so it's specialty we made and bring in space. Got it it's a cake instead of an icing mayonnaise. It's covered in mayonnaise, like Ann. Tell us about this cake as dan prepares it. Oh damn, that's cold-blooded! [Laughter], oh wait! Dude Ian is that Manny's in the middle? Is it actually? No it's from Ian's bakery, that's mail right, yeah and that looks like a masterpiece. Yo I can't believe you actually put mail in the center cut of the cake. Dude. That's next level I mean seriously Dan Danny puke yeah dan. What do I got it? You have an early signs that it's showing on the screen den. What do I got to do to get you to come? Take a bite of this really come on. Come on your one bite, you can take a bite now, a party bro. If I pay you two grand you're gonna, have to eat that whole slice, I didn't [, __ ], it off Danny sure are in yeah. The smell is pretty overwhelming. Get us out of that Ian. Did you uh it's in my Copen huh yeah. So tell us about this. Oh my god tell us about this cake. It was disc, Ameen, I just bought well I bought the layers. I didn't bake them, cuz I didn't think anyone would eat it. Yeah well yeah, but I asked a woman just for two loaves with no icing and she was so Confucius like wait. You don't want me and I'm like no we're gonna, do it ourselves and she looked and all I had in my car was four jars of mayonnaise. Please give me that, like the good brand, not like the Kroger [ __ ], oh, this is top talk to you come on. We this. We we make. We make this with love. What else did you put in it? It's all mayonnaise! That's it! Now you experimented with middle layers, mayonnaise yeah! Now you experimented with trying to thicken the male right. I tried it was. It was too tough too. Nothing is better than the real thing. Well is that we honor you today on your 23rd birthdays, all right, 20 seconds 20, so young man, your stomach, should handle that yeah. You know last time, I haven't eaten mayonnaise since, when I ate all that mayo, it I literally puke straight mayonnaise for the whole week I'm, not even cute, like it was straight [, __, ], [Laughter], wonder what the Guinness record lady, what her like, [, __, ] and puke, looks like cuz I had to puke. It was just white and chunky and I was puking from the taste of the mayonnaise. Make you puke more it made me puke. My I would rather throw a balcony day. Well I, can you get a shot of the managed sliding down the side of that I'm gonna? Tell you I'm not confess that the smell is quite getting to me at this moment. Dang be a good sport. Tell me your damn. Ian the Baker doesn't want to taste this cake. What Baker doesn't taste his own? That's true, I, just decorated, I, don't eat it all right! Well, are you special pie? Why don't you go ahead and take a bite and I'll think about taking a bite? Okay, if you want I mean you know, we can't force you to do anything, but I noticed you took one with a lot of cake. You want some horsey. On top of that, it looks real I mean it looks like the real deal. If I just saw you bite and not I'd, be like yeah that looks like bone. That looks like a ball mask cake, happy birthday, Zack. We appreciate everything, not bad I thought you were gonna say not bad. Hmm, oh my god, dad's not looking too hot vacuum switch to Dan for chrissake. Can you split screen, so you can watch me taking a bite and Dan at the same damn watch this clothes got to get a bunch of frosting on there. Do it just do it touch your tongue? Have regrets I've been a band-aid off? Let's do it. Oh it's like those flavors, don't marry. The sweetness helps [Laughter] [Music]. Oh it's rural America wait, but you gotta get frosting. There's a lot of pricing here. Take now: okay, yeah, no you're right uh, my honor, your I honor your service go ahead. Elona watching salute the troops. Thank you for your service. I'm, proud of you, Joe dan, for a minute I want to see Dan's face up. Dan is really suffering Joey. Let's show you look well show Dan good job that was awful, I'm proud, as hell of you I can't believe you took a dip, that's different. When you become an American citizen. Well, Zach, you have any words for uh. Thank you. You're welcome, absolutely I'm, loving working here and it's an honor to be a part of this and yeah. Thank you. Thank you that, by the way that we have a real cake to wear after this is reborn to watch people, you cake, Cheers, hey, hey Cheers Zach, we honor you. We think you lost something into a fantastic young man. Thank you. The potential is limitless. I see when I see you shoveling Manny's into your mouth, I. Think, there's a guy that cares about the show. Unlike these other two foods back there, I was elbows deep in mayonnaise. Oh really, you didn't need it, though it was permeating yeah. Well. Thank you. That's true in that is true. You guys both put in a lot of work, I appreciate that, but ultimately, when we're live, that's what counts. Yeah and zach is the king, so guys. So you want to take that on your way out. You might take that home. You want. Let me know we got to go to break anyways Oh got about break just 33, okay, let's throw it to break we're. Gonna, clamp this mayonnaise situation and we'll be right back with all the great scoops top stories and the top gaffes and all the laughs you could ever expect from this show a free podcast. We will be right back. Are you losing your hair? Do you want to keep that hair on your head, you're, beautiful and gosh darn it you deserve to have a big, beautiful head of hair. That's why him is riding on on his chariot, with a bag full of hair to tape to your head. They actually have more elegant solutions than that. We got to prevent that hair loss before it starts because we got to keep those precious locks where they belong on your freaking head. So here's what we're gonna do about it for hems, calm, a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care and sexual wellness for men. Thanks to science, we can keep the beautiful locks on your head where they belong. This is prescriptions backed by science. Hims was created by guys who know that some men's health conversations are easier online than in person. There's no more awkward, in-person talk, their visits or long pharmacy waits for hims connects you with real doctors online, which is going to save you hours and hundreds of dollars. It's completely confidential, discreet. You answer a few quick questions. A doctor, a real doctor will review and if they terminates right for you, they can prescribe you the medicine. You need to keep the hair on your head, prevent hair loss and is shipped directly to your door. This is the real deal. This is prescription back to sciences. Keep that beautiful hair on your friggin head order. Right now, my listeners can get started with hims a complete haircut for just five dollars today, right freaking now, while supplies last and subject to doctor's approval, of course see the website for full details and safety information. This will cost you hundreds if you went to a doctor of pharmacy somewhere else, so go to for him home, slash, h3, that's fo, r, hims com, / H sleeve for hims cop /, h3 holidays are coming back. You want a big, beautiful smile, because everyone's will be taking your picture and you need your teeth on point. Okay. Now, if your teeth aren't straight and perfect, they're not holiday season, you're gonna have to look at your ugly mug every frickin time that family photo comes up and, let's be frank, that's just gonna. Throw you into a deep and let's despair, depression that you're only gonna get to climb out of till next season. We got to stop something right in the path. That's why I want to talk to you guys about candid candid, as candids aligners can help straighten your teeth faster than traditional wire braces treatment takes only six months. On average, an experienced orthodontist who is licensed in your state creates a custom treatment plan. Then they show you a 3d preview, so you can see how your teeth will look after they're done. Candids aligners are comfortable removable and completely invisible candid ships, your liners directly to you and there's no hassle of going into an orthodontist office, and let's be frank here guys, let's be candid, if you will cost sixty five percent less than braces holy crap I wish I had this when I was a kid braces are the worst and with each aligner purchase canted donates $25 to smile trained, who brings safe, 100% free, cleft, lip and palate treatment to children around the globe. Let's be frank, I mean who cares about that I'm? Getting, that is very nice. That's very nice of them call to action. Get your photo ready. Smile by the holidays, go to candid c/o candid co.com, slash h3 and use code h3 to get $75 off holy crap. That's candid: co.com slash h3 code h3 for $75 off candid c/o, calm, slash, h3 cottage: they god bless america, it's back to school. That means it's time to take care of those teeth. Those gums- that's disgusting, breath so that when you're talking to the cuties boy or girl, whatever you're into they're gonna want to grab you by the neck and thrust their face into your face and kiss you and then from there who knows, but your beauty. Whatever happens, you want your breath to be spot-on. That's why I introduce the only toothbrush will ever enter my mouth quip. Okay, Dan! Do you use quip I, do actually exactly damn. We didn't have a quip in the office because somebody jacked them all but they're like solid gold. We don't know where they went. I bet Dan's, like I'll bring in my own I was like Dan I'm, not gonna, break. Make you bring in your quip. You guys know Equipe is it's an electric toothbrush? It kicks ass, it chews bubblegum and it has hit a grand slam. Every time it's been at that the quip electric toothbrush, it vibrates. Okay, it's a little pulsating tube. It's on power, vibration style as a $200 mainstream brand. It pulsates- and it tells you when to switch quadrants in your mouth, to make sure you're getting an even brush and make sure you're brushing for long enough. So it tells you when to stop, and it tells you when to switch quadrants. Is that these soft rubbery bristles that are just heaven they don't harm. My gums I'm telling you when I use other toothbrushes, it [, __ ] my gums up, it really does and the gums they don't grow back. They recede when you brush too harshly. These have this very unique rubber bristles that I, finally, frankly find to be a delight. It's it's as good as it gets, I mean really. You got no reason not to not to just give clip a shot. It's perfect for getting back into them the morning routine. It starts -, just $25, and if you've got a get quip, comm slash h3 right now you can get your first refill pack for free, give it a shot. It's 25 but I'm telling you just put this thing in your mouth and you're gonna be like, oh god, that's your first refill pack free at GE, TQ, UIP, comp, slash h3, let's cut the BS okay I've got a door - ed in front of me and I'm gonna go straight to the bottom cuz. This is the best part. Okay, if you go to a door - app, it's a food delivery service. You get five dollars off your first order of $15 or more when you download the door - app and enter promo code, h35 three dollars any meal of any of your favorite places. I'm talking about three hundred and forty thousand restaurants in 3300 cities, I'm talking about door-to-door delivery in all 50 states and canada, order from your local goat, Tues or choose from your favorite national restaurants like Chipotle, Wendy's chick-fil-a and the Cheesecake Factory. What about Popeyes didn't include. Popeyes includes chick-fil-a come on. What is this? You guys don't need to worry about dinner, you're gonna! Let dinner come to you with door. -! You don't want to cook. You just want to pamper yourself and that's what I'm talking about you get five dollars for freaking free on them right now, our listeners five dollars off the first order of $15 or more, when you download the door - app and enter promo code h3. My dudes, don't forget that sperm will code h3 for five dollars off your first order from door, - we're back, we've celebrated and now it's time to get serious. The talk of the town, Saturday Night, Live cast member fired for racial slurs, Shane Gillis, a comedian I, never heard of it was announced that he was hired to Saturday Night Live alongside I, guess the first age that can be true. The first Asian comedian on SNL, first Asian yeah. They never hired a Asian I found that hard to believe too. But if that's the same reporter parently not and I, can't think of a single cast member who's Asian. So well, congratulations! -! They aged -, the Asian community. They made it, but so at the literally the exact moment that they announced this guy Shane Gillis is hiring almost like -. Within two hours, people started combing through his material and they're. Like oh well, he's he's a racist. He said racist joke. So what I would like to do here today is get out the the judge. I would like to get out the gavel put on the powdered wigs and take a stand on the h3 jury. This is the agency judgment, and this is when we pass judgment on these controversial issues and I'm not gonna sit on the fence. I'm gonna weigh in I'm gonna. Give you my true opinion on this. I'm gonna take a deep dive and we're gonna pass judgment on this man. Shane Gillis I shall pass judgment and the judgment shall stand and it shall be decreed the law and therefore the correct opinion. Welcome to Judge Ethan. We gotta get some [ __ ] like that cuz. It's all wait. I feel like [Music] welcome to Judge Ethan. The only judge who's got a blood pressure higher than his IQ I. Don't know what pressure numbers are jersey, 'then. He weighs in on controversial subjects to make sure to divide his fan base and upset everybody judge ethan. Just when you thought judge shows couldn't get any more interesting judge. Ethan breaks down the wall like the kool-aid man on the gatsby, and he says uh uh to all the haters. That's right, judge ethan has never been accused of sexual misconduct. Yes, judge ethan has never sexually assaulted and an employee, that's known that we know about judge ethan has never shown his penis to coeds, at least that we know about, and most of all judge Easton is a wholesome. God bless america with an American wife and he is qualified to pass judgment on any man or woman. It's part of the correct opinions on this is the correct opinions. Own judge, Ethan, take all soul. All rise for judge Ethan should I keep going no Zack Zack sponsible. You hit me with that music that the Spirit of Christ compelled me. You did bring up something interesting for me. Like the way you were saying that you haven't sexually assaulted. Anyone mm-hmm like I, wonder if that's kind of becoming a part of like hiring someone on the resume, just kind of denial accusation: yeah no accusation so far I mean anyone yeah. So far I mean who was it? That said this I think was Chapelle. He was like and it's new special yeah I mean I, don't think I did anything but we'll see perfect, yeah we'll see I think I'm fine. But let's talk about Shane. Let's, let's talk about Shane okay, so they announced on Thursday and with two hours a video from 2018 surfaced and what you used. A racial slur specifically against Asians used the word [ __ ], now I'm allowed to say [, __ ]. For some reason, that's fine and the rep see I'm. Not I would never use that to refer to someone, but in the in the context of a conversation about it, I feel comfortable, saying [, __ ] son does YouTube probably, but you can't do that with the n-word. You know what I mean like I can't use the n-word in the conversation of the n-word sure I got in trouble for that yeah, but I'm gonna, say [, __, ] and how I said that's okay, I mean. Are you? Do you know that I feel that it's less severe I do I feel like it's less severe and I and I'm? Just these are my feelings. I mean you guys, surely agree with me back there I mean, oh, my god. We see when we got deimata to be honest, forget about the amounts. I've talked about social norms, yeah I mean in the scale of racial slurs. I suppose that one but I, don't even is that fair I mean I, guess it doesn't have. The n-word has a lot more of a loaded history. Exactly that is true. Yes, yes, I, don't know. What's the point, is it I personally, don't even know that word so I have no cure nowadays, I hadn't heard it in a long time. It's like all the good ones. You know, there's one for everyone. Everyone's got one and we're for the four black people is, is like SKS, tear racial slur and then, like I, would say: F tear racial slurs like what is the one for the Irish people like Patti Mick, a Mick, it's like well, who cares that's an F, T racial slur. I would ever think a [ __ ] is probably like that's right below the N word. That's like a h-here slur right, Dan yeah. We should totally do a power. I was gonna. Ask you what you where you would rate the K word yeah it's high I mean that [ __ ] is packing with a lot of heat. Yeah like you, don't say that unless you really [ __ ] hate, Jews yeah, you know what I mean yeah yeah. So that's a good, that's a powerful one for sure, but nothing can uh. Nothing can deem out the the n-word. What about Fredo Fredo Fredo? As we all know it's number last year, I can't believe you even said that oh they're banned all right. Well, here here's what he said: okay podcast from last year. Let's take a look talk about town and he says: let the you know let him live. There come on ously he's like doing what I would have tore that, as is erase what a racist person would say like. Oh what the mm-hmm, let him let the other people live there right. Obviously, an attempt at humor I. Don't find it particularly I mean I, don't think that's enough to cancel somebody over, but it goes deeper. We unveil more. Let's see what this this video is not available. All right. Our research is over. That's all we have no I'm kidding. We got a lot more, so he issued a statement. This was this. That was the clip that went viral. He issued a statement, he said I'm a comedian who pushes boundaries I, sometimes miss. If you go through my ten years of comedy most of it, bad you're gonna find a lot of bad missus I'm happy to apologize to anyone who's actually offended by anything. I've said my intention has never hurt anyone, but I am trying to be the best comedian. I can be, and sometimes that requires risks. You know that's a fair point and I have to say: I saw, I actually saw Rob Schneider tweet about this, and I I will agree that Rob Schneider I hate to say it made a good point. What he said. All the people who are talking, [, __, ] and wanting to cancel comedians would never have the balls to go bomb. Onstage or something you know, it's like you he's right, you got to take risks, and sometimes you don't know where the boundary is and at maturity or an experienced iPhone victim -. That myself here on this show and I've grown a lot. Wiser and I've learned a lot more about where the boundary of funny is and and socially responsible, and just looking like a [, __ ] idiot are, and you got to throw yourself in the mix to learn those things, and so it's really it's just. It's not fair to judge people that they're, especially someone who's, a entertainer and comedian, who is figuring out where those boundaries are and stuff, because it's all recorded and like forever right available for everyone. So so this guy I mean it was, it was almost I mean it was hilariously. Like I mean it was like an epic thing where he two hours, it's kind of what happened to Kevin Hart like this guy's yeah, we're celebrating him. Oh [, __ ] this guy in two hours and SNL fired him yeah. So we go. We go deeper though so there there is other things that I want to watch and weigh in on here's another one. He says he hates the sound of Asian people, learning English more than someone listening to music on their phone speaker from the same podcast. That's that's more annoying than any other minority playing music at a restaurant on their phone scare is clearly trying to make a joke, though it's part of the same conversation -, which kind of like when you're cutting up little bits of the conversation they make. It seem like worse, mm-hmm, obviously trying to make a joke and I and I agree. It's not that funny. I agree with him. He said that most I mean that's really obscure. I, don't know, I've ever never heard that I don't alert. Yes, I have no idea. What is I. Don't know that you know hey. There was um something odd with the audio right there. Oh should I play it again, uh, no, not yet just we're gonna be working on fixing it right now you can move on, but I just wanna give you a heads up. That's like when the doctor goes, Brian there's a Brian, Regan joke joke. He goes he's at the eye doctor and he's like one of your eyes is set a little bit lower than the other one. There's nothing to do about it. I just want you to be self conscious. Thank you. Dan I'll do what I can information he goes on and calls the Democratic candidate Andrew yang, who, as you well know, is a coveted member of the h3 nation who, by the way, is up to seven percent after the last debate in the way I might be able to vote. That's true. What's one right of every American citizen to vote absolutely and to serve on I know, that's a responsibility. He called our boy Andrew yang, a Jew [ __, ], [, __ ], right, which he was white, vulgar I, don't know why he had to combine that you and the [ __ ], but I mean it's like it's like when you you know it was part of a I listened to that clip. It was part of a wider discussion where he was talking about Bernie being a Jew he's like. Oh, we got a Jew [ __ ] -, referring to yang yeah yeah I mean I'm. Thinking about that. If that's a funny joke a Jude said I guess so: cuz he's math oriented it's very racial, but I guess andrew yang makes the joke about himself that is math, so you're oriented Oz to the Jew joke, no I'm, just trying to understand thing yeah exactly so. What's the Jew part I didn't I, don't know be honest, just that he's like at it. I think he just I think it's just funny to mix up all the I mean in his mind. Again speaking, off-the-cuff and I have to say as I look through this guy's work. This seems to be a reoccurring topic of being kind of an edge Lord. This is a reoccurring theme about like kind of I'm I'm off the rails, mm-hmm I'll say any [, __ ] thing so I have a hard time, thinking that SNL didn't know more about this guy when they hired him right. But anyway, let's watch what he had to say about our boy: I, don't know! That's not an analogy. Don't worry about that! Andrew yang, [, __, ], Bernie, Sanders, Mario, Mario, [Laughter], [Laughter] they're, like we're just a couple to drinking beers and a living room, we'll say whatever the [ __ ]. Yes, I bet you he would never say, drop the n-word. He knows good enough to not do that. Well, as I was saying he basically just I'll recap: that's fine! You don't need to hear it again. He was saying that he was just saying: Jude [, __ ]. He was kept saying that a lot he was referring to end to Bernie as a Jew and then he said, they're running a Jew [ __ ], which would be Andrew yang. Who I was telling you he was pulling at 7% he's in fourth place, I'm so happy to hear that yeah who's, Jude, [ __ ], now by the way like what? Where does that word, come from what today yeah oh I, think probably around the when what was it like the 1900s, a turn of the century? There was a ton of Chinese workers that came to America to build like the railroads across the country. Yeah, who were just like super [. __ ] had the worst conditions ever and they were super like marginalized and they called them chinks, probably they're, making fun of the way they sounded like ching, chong, ching, chong yeah, it's rich, it's definitely racist, but I, don't see any. You know it's the problem and it's not even funny so like the it just keeps using it, and it's not funny and I agree like I understand trying to be funny but like. Why does he keep using it? It seems like he keeps I think they think it's funny they're all having a laugh about it. You know I agree with you that it's not funny, but there you have it. He keeps going. We got the Jew [ __ ] reference. We've also got a video of him doing a racist, Asian voices all stuff to service on Twitter. These are all the charges against him, essentially that we would like to review here this to NYC grappling Krug NYC grappling club, grappling club, NYC, calm people we're speaking like him now, Thank You, graphic Rob, oh by the way he didn't even participate in this and I have to give him credit funny. Why? Why don't like the small [, __, ], they're too strong or leotards as we call them? Oh man, god dammit sucks. How much I look like that kid, but there you go it's a running theme is what I'm trying to establish here is that he and he associates other comedians with him, who are basically they're things that they're shocking, that they're unrestricted and they could see them, throwing around the R word and saying either. You know they're insisting on it they're kind of that. That's the vibe. Let's continue on has said on his podcast. He said on this podcast there's only one way into Muslim heaven. You got a spill blood and praise a lot by subpoenaing. Blood has referred to women who disguised themselves as men to find the Civil War as flat-chested [, __ ]. Okay I mean we're really getting into into the the mud. Here you could you could do it right up on me. That's a if you're gonna take stuff from high here and just like right. Oh no! No! No! Oh yeah! Oh I'll, never get a job! That's why I'm self-employed mm-hmm people go Ethan. Why don't you want? Why don't you get a show? Everyone tells me that I was like yeah I know that talented so Ethan? Why don't you get a shot go? Are you [, __, ] kidding me some was gonna hire me said that n-word said the artwork said. I've said everything I can't stay here on the podcast and and I think you could easily weaponize that against me. So my I don't know at what point do you want to come to a conclusion? Well, we're thank you or keep us on track here. He said about Sarah Silverman that [Music] whatever this is the way you know yada yada yada. He says later in the podcast. He criticized comedians, who talked about the depression and their Santa protein, calling them gay again with the edgy guy thing. Those guys are [ __, ] gayer than Isis. He said well, there's nothing gay about Isis, so I see he's just kind of making a joke. At least Isis is out there. We need to get [ __ ] after we blow ourselves up. We get a bunch of [ __ ]. These white fat hit comics they're like I'm. Just sad life is hard and I'm gay I think he's trying to be louis c.k. But like his way, that's funny he's clearly trying to be funny, but not my cup of tea. He also said Louis CK's his favorite comedian, so louis c.k is like I'll say the most offensive [ __ ], but it works because I'm like hilarious, you know louis c.k, he never. He didn't even come famous till he was like almost 50 mm-hmm. That's how long it takes to actually get good at that type of brand of humor. So you know louis c.k could have sounded just like this guy. At his age, I mean who knows he used in the same pause. Girls continue to make homophobic comments using [, __, ] and other slurs. Hey, stop calling me [ __ ], gay, dude, I ain't, no quitter I mean okay, whatever we get the idea right. So here here's my here's, my judge Ethan's about to weigh in okay by the way Andrew yang and him are a conversation yang, made a statement saying I, don't believe someone should lose a job and be canceled for something like this I think it's important that we learn from it and move on, and now that he's been can andrew yang has set up the conversation. A sit-down with him yang is gonna, be President. I saw someone say it somewhere in the comments. If yang can bring YouTube comments together, like think about what it could do, wow I, don't think he's a you know, cuz think about. It is well let's not go on the okay and yeah cuz I got the whole yang segment to stay on track here. He issued a cell pipe in the music Zac, as I make of as I make my verdict now. Judge Ethan has thought carefully about the proceedings. He judging thing is waiting for his cinematic music before he issues a verdict. Okay, we can work on the music a little bit for next time. Judging the seventies, like you know, drama all stand for, judge Ethan, judge Ethan is about to pass his verdict now who stands before you Shane Gilles comedian versus Saturday, Night, Live Shane is a young comedian known for his no hold back attitude and for his edgy brazen comedy he'll drop an R word an F word a C word: that's [, __ ], not [, __ ] for clarity, as judge Ethan. Clarity is number one in this courtroom. You see I used both of those words in a way that I thought was comedic, ly appropriate and not offensive. Do you think I succeeded in that? No, no, okay, the verdict is against me. Judge Ethan. Thank you. Good night, Saturday, Night Live with any small amount of vetting, would have come to the conclusion that this guy was an offensive brand of humor had something that was. They saw something in this young man that they thought would bring an edge and a value to their show Saturday Night Live. They didn't certainly knew about his history and his brand of humor, and it was only until the Twitter mob came riding in like Gandalf at the Battle of Helm's Deep, but with purple hair sort of white here and said you shall not get this job mixing up scenes the Lord of the Rings, but you could hear- and it was only then that the Twitter blacklash struck that Center Night Live pulled back. Judge Ethan thinks that this was improper because, let's face it, they knew what they were getting themselves into and I think we got to stop allowing ourselves to be held prisoners to these Twitter hate moms that guy's an offensive comedian. We knew that when we hired him, I mean what do you [ __ ] stupid. Of course it's unlike every clip like every [ __ ]. Clip of this guy's like ching, ching, ching doo-doo-doo, okay, let's give him a shot, they said he's got something, but here we are now another Twitter hate mob is taken out a young man. Now is it funny? Is it tasteful? That's like debatable. I would I, probably like his show I, don't like the song. You know don't find him funny, but that's how people become famous people like what they do and they go to their shows and that's how, like you get bigger comedians, because they're funnier its buddy's trying well and he's got a try, but it's it's comedy like I. Just don't think that you can judge comedy, like you judge other stuff, there's a difference between like a secret recording of him being like man, I hate, Chinese people, you know you know, and then him on a podcast being broadcast publicly. Trying to make jokes comedy is a trial by fire. You got to throw it all on the line baby, you put it all out there and your bomb and you get embarrassed and you get humiliated. I've experienced all those things myself. There's triumph, there's defeat, there's humiliation! You got to put it all on the line and you and it's a trial by fire. You improve. You need to see why your pudding, you see what works you figure out, who you are? Who your voice is. If people don't like, it's not gonna work and then you end up finding it one way or another. Ultimately, if I would am I surprised, it's Saturday and I hired this guy. I am I am too, but since they did, they got and they saw something in him. They got a [ __ ] stick to their guns, mm-hmm. You know they made the decision, they put their foot down and they said Shane you're out you're in, but then they said what you don't think. So all free deiay, I [ __ ] hate these Twitter mobs there. So it's like dude I, agree but I don't know man I think we should all defer to Andrew yang on every topic. I can tell you from our experience. I can see someone like taking stuff the user, that's what I'm saying and writing like identical article. So the only difference is in my case, it's true and you weren't hired by us I know. That's true. Nobody hired me, but my point is that it's just not it's not fair. This is not gonna lead us anywhere, good egg-like, hmm, what's gonna become of this podcast if he gets fired for that, why should we have a podcast? We say Brandon taken away, though, to be fair, but they hired him and now they're like forced to fire him yeah, they kind of like publicly shamed of it ends up being like worse for him right now. Yeah now he's like, like now he's blacklisted before he even that's true yeah like he got us any, was before dude. He got his foot in the door, it's so hard to get on SNL as a young comedian. He got his foot in the door, then they're like oh actually. This is your grave, not your door to opportunity. You know. Maybe, though, we'll see I mean this probably raises his yeah exposure level. A tonton I mean I bet. His podcast popularity goes up now, certainly there'll be a counter support, but ultimately I think as a young comedian. He has to be funny enough to retain the audience and I'm just not sure he is that's up to him though, but SNL is like a you know: -, it's a proving ground because, let's face it that show [ __ ] sucks dead, yeah, that's the other side of my god holy crap, so I, it's like easy to make fun of them, but what they so hard yeah I mean dude bro I mean I would never attempt such a thing to do an hour of sketch comedy live every week. Its call me dude, 97% of sketch comedy, is awful first of all horrible and then to do it every week. Live I mean it's hard to make that look good and then to make it family-friendly too right, even though it's at 12 yeah, but it's always like very they do you can't say [ __ ] on SNL and you most definitely certainly can't say: [ __, ] or mmm I'm kidding. Had you got your pulse up there I loved it though didn't I. Can I play with it, though the idea you know the boundary see sit. Was me going hmm like putting that like I was gonna say: oh you definitely can't Satan like. Is that too much? That's you kind of following his. Is that tasteful? It's just not that funny? It's not it's! Not fine. Does anyone back there think it's funny, because he was laughing man well, I feel like Ethan judge, Ethan has weighed in and has closed the book on that one I mean look, I gotta be comfortable, I, don't know what to tell you gila manspreading. Look at you well show my feet even show it like. Can you understand that I'm totally on my side and he's on my side, some real exposure? What are you an investigative journalist I either? Would you like to make a bow in a man spray Kareem said Chris Hansen would like to talk to you all about it. Yang is being ignored. We do not like this there's a very political show: yank is being ignored. Andrew gang the the [ __ ] Jew, as we like to call him here on the agency podcast. No, that's not that see. What's that funny cuz, it was a call back, there's a call back, it's a little different, but somebody could cut that and then my career is over. There you go and you yank friend of the show I'm supporter I have contributed to his campaign. 100 dollars in full disclosure I want to be upfront with you, guys, yank 2020 yeah in game I want to show you guys so yang has been growing in the polls like for so long. Look at this [ __ ] and there's like this whole thread about how the media is crazy, how they they continue to ignore him here. Look at this I love! This photo yang is at at this point like 4% mm-hmm, where the [ __ ]. Is he there's space for another face here? It wouldn't be perfect, he's above O'rourke and this phantom undecided only 2.2 percent. That's not a lot that many people made up their mind. A lot of people are not that strongly committed to their current choice. So, and then here this was from the most recent debate. I know this from the first debate: yank 2 minutes. You know it's funny. You yang had such an impression on that first debate. He made every minute count. Every minute was so impactful Biden spent 40 minutes, saying [ __ ], nothing dude. By the way, all these people are out Bennet, Gillibrand, Hickel Dubrow, with the name like Hickenlooper when you Hickenlooper your way on out of here, SWA well and Williamson, all-out yank, he's at 7% California on a poll that just came out today is that [ __ ] crazy here new Iowa poll, Joe Biden leads the pack look at this. You notice anyone missing. It's like it's, it's it's! It's wild! The contenders they're like sorry. There just wasn't space somehow on the bottom row, but it would fit perfectly exactly they the bottom row to leave out one spot man- and these are some [ __ ] here that I ain't never even heard of in my life, a lot of attention is gonna, be on that Bernie, Sanders, Joe, Biden, dynamic and then, of course, those other candidates. You know, folks, you look again who else is on that stage with the former vice president with Bernie Sanders, you know Andrew yang Chris, that's so good! Oh man, nice coat. So let's see MSNBC another one yang is coming in again at like 2 or 3 percent. Here you go, there's just not enough space for yang he's coming he's really growing in the polls man. When he came on here he was pulling around 2 percent and he's really growing. Here's another one NBC again, it's like dude. He doesn't exist to these media people. It's crazy! It's like wait. What was it that positive Twitter mentions? Oh that's, very complimentary, positive Twitter meant. That means that 60%, the 61% of people that mentioned O'rourke are talking [, __ ] about Bernie Sanders, Wow 66% of people that mentioned Sanders on Twitter, a talking [, __, ] and Biden coming in at a whopping 69 percent of the people talking about Biden are talking [, __ ] about him. I congratulate her congratulations to Rorick. You know it's funny, I thought Trump. He tweeted out some celebratory message about how he's at fifty percent approval rating I was like bro if I get 50 percent on a test. That's a [ __ ] F! That's like a [, __ ] ass. That's like a hardcore fail, but there you go. That's the way. It is that's the way our world is. You know, welcome to democracy. It ain't pretty [Music] here, thanks for accepting our invite to speak to our audience today. Here's live footage of Bernie here, she's talking to yang. They invited him on the [ __ ] show to talk about like mass shootings, for something you know, that's what they're showing the footage up is that good or what I was that was spicy, spicy, good, good good. Let's see anyway, you get the idea it goes on and on and on and on and on it's crazy. This thread. It's got it all. There was a recent one NBC referring to him as John yang now. This is one he tweeted out, John yang Kraus deserves. This was just recently didn't get his name John yang, the [ __ ], you gotta know his name, ain't John and then on the newest debates. He was coming in at like five four than he's up to 7%. Now the newest debates look how much time he spent talking. This just happened like a couple of nights ago, he's falling higher than all these people mm-hmm. Where did you say he was pulling? The at7 I just saw today in California he's pulling at 7% he's in fourth place. Dude, it wasn't freaky. He passed Harris he's in fourth place. Isn't that crazy? It was crazy, it's good! It's exciting, but I'll tell you what I think yang strategy is to talk as little as possible, because these guys drone on and on they say the same dumb, [ __ ] they fight to speak over. It's all. Just I mean it's it's worthless. They all look about. We they just end up. Looking so like petty arguing, it's just boring it's empty words always and when yang speaks, he speaks with purpose and clarity and and I think that you know in a sense he likes being marginalized like this. It gives him the underdog story, so it might be a very strategic and intelligent thing he's doing here. You know, can I get an amen, Gila, hey man, that's all I have about that. That's all I have to say about that. Can I send Ohio real, quick gunfire, that's the best. That's the best way to like someone's life up, hire and fire them. Well, I've got it. The KFC I've got the KFC dating app dating sim game and I really I, don't even want to give them the satisfaction. But it's like it's so bizarre. What is going on with KFC's marketing really watch the [ __ ], mind I can see. Maybe I shouldn't show too much of it and walk this worldwide. Less than wait. What Oh for the for the music yeah a good point? It was um G last time to be fair, not actually case yeah, but let's watch it. I think the animation prefix I kind of want to watch this anime I kind of want [, __ ], the colonel all right I'm in let's go to KFC. Why is it so good dude so like what what is going on with their marketing department man? They already did the whole thing with the CGI like hipster, KFC dude. You know they seem to be trying to push like [ __, ], Colonel yeah. They want yet. Yes, exactly. We don't want a colonel. That needs a colonoscopy. We want us. We want a colonel, that's gonna, give you a colonoscopy with this [ __ ] right, ela nope. So here it is guys September, 24th, I'm, afraid it's gonna be good. Cuz, the graphics are sick, but their food sucks. Don't forget that have I just played into their hands. Cuz I really don't have anything to say, except that the animation looks really good. Is there gonna be nudity I mean? How far do these dating sims go? That's a good question. I mean some of them. Get pretty raunchy I. Think. Is there a rating rated them? You know. Do you know be sick? If he served you like a bucket and his [ __ ] was in it and said chicken yeah yeah, he's holding the puck and he's like yeah baby. Tell me the right things. What is going on at KFC seriously? Well, I was gonna talk about this, but I thought you had a hotter take on this Yili me cuz, you were like yeah I thought you only why I was just so confused. Why don't? They have a video game but I agree and they, the graphics, look good. Actually, it's just so confusing. Let me read some of the dialogue ever since we were little babies playing together and you rescued me from that quicksand box. It's been clear to me that you're, the most loving caring person I know you're gonna do great [, __ ] you! This is awful, so those titties will damn its Ashlyn whoa, look how they spelled her name. Your archrival Ashley. Oh just spell she's totally evil, but you can't help but be filled with jealousy. She can't get anything she wants and she knows it anything for a fellow chef, a daughter, [ __, ], a dog sick. Professor dog steps in to settle the class down and set some ground rules. Yeah I'm not gonna, continue on with this [ __ ], okay. Well, there you go Colonel, you got your advertising. We got a new Lincoln ad by Matthew McConaughey. You know I'm a fan of this shed. I love him I, just love! Mcconaughey performance comes in lots of flavors selling cars, there's the amp up over tuned feeding, frenzy of sheet metal kind right and then there's performance that just leaves you feeling better as a result. Ian, that's the guy Lincoln's about that's the kinda becoming creepy yeah he's becoming like the character from true detectives that he's hunting, yeah, I kind of want this car. That's in the smoke performance comes in lots of flavor comes in lots of flavors. There's the amp up over tuned feeding frenzy of sheet metal kind. What what he left it behind! That just leaves you feeling better. As a result, that's the guy Lincoln's about did I guaran-fucking-tee, all my heart and soul that Matthew McConaughey doesn't drive. A link in the Lincoln is like the lamest car you can buy. Am I right? Do I have a wrong person, 22 million views on this. It doesn't need to drive it in my fan to be in a commercial but I know, but he's he's pitching it. If you're gonna have someone like Matthew McConaughey selling, Lincoln's you're, like dude, you don't drive a Lincoln coz he's he's pitching it like this. Is the car yeah I like that, you know: do you see this 22 million views, probably probably just cuz they paid for it yeah there's a lot. Do you guys agree that Lincoln's are just like it's kind of a just, an old person car right, yeah yeah I mean it is a luxury brand, I'm sure I mean Matthew. Mcconaughey's probably has a few cars, you know what I mean he's probably got a Lincoln or two. They probably gave him only so he could say you have one yeah, it's probably good I, just looked it up. There is a website. That's dedicated to what cars celebrities drive. Oh I: don't no idea how accurate this is, but it does say that he owns a Lincoln, but then he also owns a bunch of Camaros which yeah Camaro is Chevy and their competitors yeah they're competitors. So yeah, that's what I thought [ __ ] about Lincoln sees he hands out with the new video. This is that big fun time portion of the podcast- it's probably not gonna, get claimed. But look at this mother. This is the biggest watermelon I want a [, __ ] watermelon that big he's got uh. He take. He takes the top off. He puts like a juice blender in it and some damn knobs it mixes it up with ice, puts the top back on and wouldn't you know this crazy Turkish chef has got watermelon juice, filling up a whole goddamn sure this crazy, goofy smiling. He kind of looks like Turkish benches. Fear of him being honest, except much happier much happier now now he cut him open up a water money's, putting all kinds of fruits apple, honey, milk, pistachios are you've taken the soup bar now ice. You got that blender in their industrial baby looks like you could clear, a septic tank with that thing and a pump dude I mean this guy's, not from another level. That's probably really good. I'm I you this guy's, really something isn't he it's funny. How he's adopted the the smiling through the camera thing? You know he keeps taking it further and like he just smiles to the camera, he did one recently where he wasn't smiling and everyone was concerned about it and he just looked really sad and all I can do that me. Try to find that since I'm here was funny, I was thinking of pulling it to keep tabs on him. If he ever like does a celebrity chef, those dates. We got a hmm well this one censored. What the hell Oh cuz he's like burning, full carcasses. I gotta find the one where he's not oh [, __ ], oh sick! No, no! He's fine! He's all happy here, where's the one where he's not happy dude! It's! Oh look at his face. Eight million views everyone's worried about this guy dude, this one's trippy watch. He just decided not to smile yeah. Look at that mug man, it's almost threatening when he doesn't smile in it. There was a face. Yeah! That's you know, you know, pay your bill. You know look at him. He looks so sad it doesn't. It doesn't work if he's not I wasn't feeling it that day or something that's the deal, but the visas are there. You know so I'm Feliz. What he's cooking? It's like a mash he's got some steaks. Does this guy ever work in the restaurant I? Wonder because he's always in back doing some crazy [, __, ], I, assume somebody's running the restaurant we've had some Turkish fans, email about him and he's very well-known in Turkey dude. This has 8 million views his restaurant, sir, but man that looks crazy well, I hope he's. Ok, I, don't know why he wasn't smiling on that day. The way the fans have described him. Is it honestly, it kind of sounds like the way we think about guy here, he's kind of their guy fieri, because he's kind of like a joke there mm-hmm no make sense, I love him. I would totally eat at his restaurant. His food looks amazing, he's a really common chef thing. This guy he's really creative he's out there doing all this crazy, [ __ ] he's got a damn smile too. Well, he's no I mean what more could you ask for in life? Usually, we've got the Guinness records, but I think weed. That's everything. Let's just save that and get the [ __ ] out of here. Well, I'm gonna get cancelled now and I'm gonna be in New York. So, hopefully we'll ruin my trip to New York awesome. You guys are leaving tonight. Huh Alex exam exam. So tomorrow because you're gonna have to be upper, that's going to I hate flying in New York. It's like the time switch the five hours plus the three hour time switch is just the right amount to [ __ ], your whole life up, you know yep! Well, we are seeing Hamilton yeah and we're gonna go get a nice dinner with Jon. We got the fan meetup on Friday and we're gonna meet your mom. Yes, and my sister been to New York before my sister had a baby. Just three months before me, so where the beep, the babies are gonna meet each other babes are gonna meet, look honey. He looks like Theodore, but Israeli. You know it's pretty funny, that's it! So, hopefully we'll see you guys on Friday. Let me give you a dressing, but it's in the description. If you are curious to join us, 107 Grand, Street, New, York, New York, the pop-up is all weekend Friday Saturday Sunday. We will be there on Friday at 11 o'clock and we would be there for probably four hours we'll try to endure for as long as we can, because we love meeting you guys and you know, get out there and shake our dicks touch. Dicks put my dick in your hand, and then you can describe it to Ben. Shapiro I was thinking of making a tweet like I can describe bench. Piero's, penis message me: media outlets, I have credible accusations against beneficiary I can describe his penis Derek. Go ahead. Ask me: what is the inch beers penis? Look like? No, that's not I'll tell you. You already you've already been hired and fired like twice during this episode. I'll tell you what if Ben Spiros penis looks like off there, but I have an accurate description. I can draw it for you, okay, go ahead and cue the music. Then it's going well guys. Thank you so much. We will not be here on Friday because we'll be in New York, but we wish you all the best week, the best week and the best times the best friends, the best laughs, the best goofs the best times baby, save that money use it responsibly, save for your future. It's important! You know peace of mind is everything you know. A bird in the hand, is better than two in the bush. That's what Benjamin Franklin said and all humans of us. The diplomat that really polish so take care of yourself out there. You know not you, then, who write ela. That's right! Not you, then, who take care of your body, eat right, meditate, talk to a doctor, a therapist take medicine. If you need to you know what I'm saying like, if you got and take care of yourself cuz who was going to do it thanks for watching everybody pouring see you next week, [Music].