Hey poppy here, it's Papa, John and you're. Listening to the h3 podcast go Ethan, go ela, welcome everybody to the h3 podcast previously recorded, not live. What's previously recorded. What did they say on late nights? Weddings not live. They say they say previously recorded right, dan, no, they say sure or live to tape, live to tape. That's what we are guys. It's good to be back here on the h3 podcast sponsored by hymns and expressvpn. Today we missed last week and it feels like we haven't been here in forever, but there's so much to talk about you know. We've got Papa John, calling in later to discuss all the beautiful things that Papa John always discusses lots of drama and instead I'm drowning in drama. It's like. Sometimes it's like a drama tsunami. You know it's like there's an earthquake and you're like oh that's drama, but then there's a tsunami that comes later. That's what I'm dealing with here, but before we get into that I do want to announce something going on on our Twitter called help. Ela and Ethan lazy, Phil, Aunt Ida's are bored to say, philantropy plant plant philanthropy. That's doesn't sound right that hard to say go ahead, ela you're, saying philanthropy go ahead. Gee. Do you see lo? How do you say it? Then? How do you feel and throw P right philanthropy? No, no see it's not that easy to say here's what we're doing I'm very excited to announce. We've been doing this now for, like nine days I think we decided we are giving away a hundred thousand dollars cash of our own money, no strings attached, no sponsors! That's just a hundred thousand dollars from my bank account to yours on Twitter. We are making the tweet every day for 100 days, giving away a thousand dollars every day, so a thousand dollars every day for a hundred days to two winners, 500 apiece, all you have to do is retweet and comment with your PayPal info. The retweet is annoying I know about all these bots. These bots require some kind of action to draw a winner from and that's it you don't have to follow me. You don't have to comment and tag 25 friends and basically we just want to get cash to people who need it now. You know the unemployment rate is. Some is like it's crazy, it's over 20%! Now it's staggering! It's just it's scary! It's gonna continue to get worse too, because big companies are closing now right because naming Marcus is just the beginning. I think, because the way I see this playing out and I won't talk too much about coronavirus here, but is that there's gonna be a second wave and it really is just a matter of how bad the second wave is, but I think there's gonna be another stay at home order, and even if there isn't, people are not going to want to go out in public, so I think shopping, malls, I, think movie, theaters I think restaurants are gonna, continue to suffer for a long long time, and so anyway, we wanted to help in whatever way we could, and so the best way we could think is just to send out cash to my dogs on twitter. So hit me up on twitter and just yeah to enter everyday. Just just respond to my tweets I. Do it every day at 12 o'clock and then twelve o'clock the next day we pick the winners. Now here's where it gets cool we're gonna make a quick note about it. I just want to emphasize share your paypal dot me link, not your email, don't don't post your your public paypal email, because people might try and scam you right! Thank you. Dan now, Brendon Greene, the creator of pub G hit me up was like y'all want to give 50 grand I said awesome, so we have a hundred fifty grand now. So that means we get three winners a day and we may have should I announce what I know now or is that? Well we shot our call with Papa, but you guys will hear it Papa John donated $100,000. What can I can't contain it so now, so now we're up to a quarter million dollars in the help fund and that's five winners. Am I doing yeah five winners every day? That's $500 apiece, that's $2,500! Every day you guys exciting stuff so make sure to follow me or you don't have to follow me. Listen yeah I'm, just saying: watch my Twitter okay at 12 o'clock. That's what these raffles go out. Okay, promoting our site, don't care! If you follow me on Twitter just way for us to literally hand you money. We just found this to be these. Take my money take my money. You take my money because people have criticized that aspect of our donation but Chris. Well, we found people will pretty much criticize anything. I even saw people a couple comments of people saying that the app that we're using to randomly draw write doesn't work and it only selects from the hundred most recent people. Yes I'm. The one doing the drawing I can tell you right now: that's complete [, __, ] I, don't know where that's coming from you could I'm able to see. You know where the winners are being drawn from, and it's not just the 100 most recent, so I'm not sure. Well tell you why, because from if people actually believe that or if they're just trying to troll you, but when I was doing recently for this, all the free [ __ ] is like, and actually even some of the paid stuff is limited to the last thousand. Tweets, alright and so I went and found this premium service, which actually is like what are we spending like $100 a month or something it's pretty pricey yeah, but anyway they. This is the only one I found and it is expensive that can actually do a raffle with that many people. So and yes, it does it's not it's not just the last. Whatever amount of people yeah every manually verified that I've gone and looked when the winners responded, and you know, there's people that have one that responded within the first hour of you posting it. So it is totally legit. It's a hundred percent all good and- and it's great I'm really happy with it. It seems, like we've, already helped a lot of people yeah, it's actually a really touching. When you look at all the comments, like then showed me, I didn't even realize at first, but some people have been just commenting. Their story of you know why they need money and what's happening with them, and then some random, really nice people will give them like hey here's $20 for me just right. It's so cool nice wholesome the whole thing every day. I agree. It's been a it's been a very great thing and we're only in day 9, so there's still full 90 days left and now, there's five gonna be five winners a day it's out of control outrageous but thoughts anyway. So that's that that's really exciting. I also want to say that there's a couple items on today: fresh real fast. Let's see it's everything so slow here because of the co vid, but we're gonna start some stuff going in, but we got some t-shirts. We got some bucket hats. We got some belts. We got some shirts. Alright, that's that Teddy. First man look like there's not a lot going on, but we are working really hard on Teddy, fresh lots of exciting stuff. Welcome preach I think around June is when things will start to finally release preach it and then it's gonna never stop, including spongebob restock and new designs in July. Okay, some ordinary gamer was the first drama now, as you guys know, I have been the subject of many videos in the past several years. People do not like Ethan. Ethan is a hypocrite. He is a greedy. He stopped making h3 videos because he is lazy and he only wants to make money on the money. Money. Money, I, love money, that's what so, anyway, yeah you guys have heard all that some ordinary gamers is a guy who made this video about me saying that I was a hypocrite because I donation, shame Jeff Bezos, which didn't happen, which is funny things just didn't happen, and this video really upset me because, like people would take, are always cutting clips from the podcast and making videos about it. But this is the one of these times where he he makes this assertion that I donation sham Jeff Bezos and then he goes on to expand about how that makes me Saul this like a hypocrite and the whole premise of it is not only something that never happened. It's something that he never even sites or shows in his video and yet everybody's taking it for granted, which to me was just so I was like wow. This is so [ __ ] up like people hate me this much that they're willing to just accept whatever is said about me without any evidence at all and then so I tweeted at him and I says yo. Just so. You know very politely really I said just so. You know the comments I made about Jeff Bezos were like 15 days before he donated a hundred million dollars, so I couldn't have donation shamed him and in response to those tweets he made and response to our charity. He made a second video taking credit for my $100 $100 donation being like oh I, wonder why that happened and further saying you know: I did Ethan, didn't donation, shame, Jeff, Bezos, but it's hard to give him credit because he's oh, this is to quote him: he's always punching around billionaires, cuz, I, really dude. So it's my fault. You got that wrong. Cuz, I'm, making fun of billionaires. You know billionaires the the most disenfranchised a group of people in America by the way, let's all [, __ ], let's all smile in the world yeah, that's true! That is true. Chile I love the whole premise of sticking of like working people sticking their necks out. Well, it's it's also funny because we actually we talk about it. A lot in both aspects. We've also been on the side of saying that you know they should exist versus like we had this all whole argument. When people were saying billionaires exactly you guys, maybe I'm wait harsher on them than you guys right. You know defended the idea of people having that much money, but that that is so frustrating because I couldn't possibly pack that detail of our argument into the video yes so much, but for but you guys know that, like only like a month ago, I was talking about how Jeff Bezos created amaz. My opinion is that you know I, obviously I. Obviously it's complicated right, Jeff Bezos is a guy who created Amazon that revolutionized the entire world he's wealthy beyond imagination, and so I said you know the guy. He does he. He earned it her so to speak, whatever you want to say, and so so people were upset. First of all, that I was a defending billionaires and then you know a month later, I'm on blast for donations, shaming, Jeff, Bezos, a lot of people which I didn't do. Obviously this whole concepts very complicated. And frankly, you guys I, don't I'm out here. These aren't well formulated thoughts. I'm often times talking off the cuff. That's the nature of a podcast right, I'm, just here kind of thinking and talking and sometimes one thing I say, might contradict another thing. I say because, because maybe it did make me think about this, like because I think a lot of people use to see us only in our highly edited videos, because when we make our videos on h3, you know we think about it ahead of time. We have some kind of preparation to what we're gonna say and then, after recording there's a lot of editing. So if there was a weird take of something you cut it out, you leave the good one. You know, if you didn't say something right. You cut that out, but I think for a lot of people who don't necessarily follow us all. The time seeing us like just as a hard transition go from those edited videos to this podcast that is so unedited. It's just two hours of us saying anything just talking. We don't plan like what I'm saying right now, I didn't think about this point, I'm just making it right now, yeah I! Think for them. It's a hard transition to see you've this versus this and I. Think that's a lot of times. Were those kind of videos come from like right and and then, when you watch a lot of the criticism videos they're like central thesis is like they have to stop the podcast people hate the puck. They hate that we make money from it. People hate that I'm saying things they disagree with people, don't like I, think a lot of it comes from political stuff, too. I think like I, think that, in a certain point of my career, I was making a lot of videos about social justice warriors and feminists, and all this [ __, ] and I think that I attracted quite a bit of more conservative, leaning audience there. The truth is anyone that Falls his podcast or knows I'm I'm. Definitely a Democrat and I'm, definitely extremely liberal in all of my personal doctrine, socially and and economically. So so, like he made a comment. His video, like oh you're, I, cuz I, said we're doing this charity and I intentionally made it under $500. So you don't have to report to the IRS just cash in your pocket. That's the tax law and it was oh, don't tell your buddy Bernie Sanders as if that's some kind of a slam on me that I'm, like oh you like Bernie, Sanders, yeah, your body, Bernie Sanders, it's like so I think a lot of people see me as I'm trying to think of the best way to say this, but they see me as I'm, not I'm, not one of them. They thought I was one of them and I'm, not I'm a Trojan horse, even I'm, worse and so I think a lot of I think a lot of this stuff. It comes down to to politics. They think that I may be a hypocrite. They hate who they see me as here, which is not a feminist, hating, red pillar I'm, just not I'm a coastal elite, bro I'm, a [, __ ], rich coastal, elitist. You know that's who I am thrown, throw [Music] totally if I, given the opportunity to sing and imagine I would if they. If, if gal gadot asked me to do a verse and imagined I would have totally done it. Let me just put it that way. Imagine all the people, oh I, would have totally done it. That's what a Costa Lolita I am speaking of making money on the podcast we're out 15 minutes. If you owe my odd cast, thank you. Damn nice segue hold on to that thought guys, because today we are sponsored by expressvpn. We all know expressvpn protects your privacy and security online right, but here's something you may not know you can also use Express VPN to unlock movies and shows that are only available in other countries and boy do I wish I had this when we were living in Israel I think we talked about this last time, but man, oh man, now that so many you know that I heard that they've got all these Miyazaki films, but it's only unlike Japan Netflix bro, I needed I need I need to hook up my Japan IP with expressvpn. So this whole week, I've been using expressvpn to binge Doctor Who on UK Netflix. Actually, what I need to be doing is using my expressvpn to binge Miyazaki films, Japan Netflix, it's so simple to do. I fire up expressvpn app change, my location to the UK, refresh refresh Netflix and boom pesto bingo bingo. That's all expressvpn hide your IP address and let you control where you want sites to think you're located. You can choose from almost 100 different countries, so just think about all the Netflix libraries you can go through. Do you love anime, use, Express, VPN to access Japanese Netflix and be spirited away. Miyazaki reference everybody, but it's not just Netflix expressvpn works with any streaming service. Hulu BBC, iPlayer YouTube, you name it goddangit. There are hundreds of VPNs out there, but the reason I use Express VPN to watch shows is because it's ridiculously fast there's, never any buffering or lag, and you can stream an HD. No problem at all. Expressvpn is also compatible with all your devices. Phones, media consoles, Smart, TVs and more so you can watch what you want on a personal device or on the big screen. Whatever you wherever you are so visit, my special link right now, expressvpn comm, / h3. You can get an extra three months of expressvpn for free support. The show watch what you want and protect yourself with expressvpn, that's Express, VPN comm / work. Thank you very much to our sponsor, and so anyway, we're talking about that via so I responded. I really went into the into some kind of crazy video making frenzy and we made our longest video ever 37 minutes and response and I there was just so much to unpack. I mean the guy. He takes every opportunity to paint me in the worst possible light and everything he says is wrong. He goes Ethan. Why? Don't you Oh Ethan, the owner of teddy fresh? Why aren't you making n95 respirator masks and then he goes? The death toll is getting pretty [ __ ] high, then I'm like dude I'm, not killing people you're, making it sound like I'm feeling yeah I'm like well I cannot make n95 respirator masks. I can't just go. Do that it's very complicated, there's only like a handful of manufacturers in the world that can do like 3m. You know 3m Dalek huge, like there's, there's literally a handful of companies that can do that in the entire world and just sit there and just throw all this [ __ ] at me. You know very upsetting, and so me actually donation ashamed, us yeah, which was very sad. It did hurt my feelings. He goes. He goes. Ethan I could do the same thing you do like you only donated a $1,000 to team trees, but I'm not gonna do that, but he did do that and I did it. So I talked about this at length in our video, but it was um it just. It felt so bad that, like this, video was going viral he made- and you read through the comments and everybody's, just convinced that somehow I'm, like the worst person that has ever lived and I'm really I realized. This at 8 is very chauvinistic because all the hate is only going towards you and I got none of it. Nice I wish I wish I could do with a little chauvinism. Well, I was well I, don't know. I was here - teddy fresh, where, where am I in the conversation, I think I write and I and I'll. Tell you why I think people do that they are always avoiding criticizing you because I'm the easy target and people are more protective of you. So they know if they go after you- and this has happened before when people go after you, that that people are not receptive to that criticism because they see me as the problematic person and you're just trying to clean up my mess but you're right. They are well you're right. Why aren't you Allah making? But that's a little bit so monistic way to look at it going to think like I'm, just here, cleaning up your mess, yeah, it's! No! We blend everything together, whatever you're saying saying, I usually agree with him. You know unless I say otherwise, which I normally will say on the podcast. You know. Sometimes we disagree, but I just always find it funny, like not always I will say in your defense like, for example, the whole PewDiePie fiasco with the n-word and the drunken rants, and all that and we're not here right. You were actually there tending to your father, who's dying yeah to make things worse. So it's not. It is not always your fault not always but anyway, so that was happening and I. Honestly. During that whole week, I had such tension. Anxiety, I felt like I, was gonna puke all the time because I was just I, was so upset about it. Mother-Fricker, mother, freaking, crap mushrik also it was the timing, was very annoying because we were planning a donation and we have been thinking about it for a long time. We weren't sure what we wanted to do like you guys watch the podcast know that we have done those charity streams a few times, and that was initially our first idea, but it didn't feel the same like we just felt. We just wanted it to go directly to people and not to some charity fund that you know it's the game philosophy. I again was curious. Yes, it was very much inspired by yang. Well, the whole atmosphere right now was like the government sending people checks. People are talking about ubi, so it's very much inspired by the movement of the time and and yeah. You know it's much easier just to give money to a and we never did share this much when you we wanted to do something big so but I don't want it to think about it. You know and I know you guys think we're rich I know everyone thinks we're rich and like and okay, we're rich $100,000, a [ __ ] lot of money that hurts my bank account. Trust me! No, but it doesn't hurt. Isn't it more? Isn't it more um? Isn't it more admirable if it's painful every time right, because if it feels good, then you're like hey everybody, take my money, I'm feeling happy! It hurts me every time, I give that money out and that's what makes it beautiful so it doesn't hurt I'm kidding I'm kidding whether it's a lot of money is my point. It's a lot of money. Yeah! It's a hundred thousand [ __ ] dollars. It's a lot of bubblegum Thank You Zac every times that plays a sound bite, it switches to him. It's awesome, go ahead. Zack play something anyway, yes, I was I, was very upset by that and I honestly just had to to respond. So that's on our YouTube channel. Everybody loves Ethan, it's up there, so please enjoy that. But I will say that oh great, now, Fredo your bark is not high. Determinating is more intimidating, shredder Alfredo's, Berg, yes, shredders hurts more, will be cuddling and he hears something and it'll just barks trade into over here yeah, it's so painful I think he's a fraud damaged. My hearing, crazy astroturf. He did make an apology, but I will say after we made ours. He here all open it up. We can. We can watch a bit of it, but he basically made a sincere apology. He's like yo I was wrong: I'm, removing both my videos and straight-up apologizing to Ethan. You know so there you have it I own apology 100%, ladies and gentlemen. Sorry for the off-the-cuff video quality out there, it's it's just it's! It's an apology that I have to pretty much get out 100%, because I kind of want to make this video before sort of like any other. You know hundred like many channels pick this [ __ ] up and covered it, because the reality of it is I. Do an apology, and the last thing I want to see- is people fight for me when I'm clearly in the wrong now I made two videos, one of them was the Hippocrates incline. That's it I mean clearly a heartfelt sincere yeah. I won't say anything I mean you know what you know. What the the problem with this guy for me is that he actually seems like a decent guy. He seems like a dude I would like and there's so many comments on your response. Video to him saying this is really hard to see because I like both of these guys but obviously he's in the wrong here, but it does seem like there's quite a bit of overlap between the audiences, so yeah I mean it is unfortunate that uh, you know it's not like that Dancing with Logan Paul, or something where there's almost no overlap between the the audience bases hit the video he made about me kind of reminds me of when I made. He reminds me of myself. You know I I've made that same mistake that he has where I like, for example, looking back at like the Wall Street Journal, where I kind made a video too hastily got it wrong and then had to retract, and it's like the first video is so explosive and it's so compelling. But it's wrong. You know, and so I've done this that's that's kind of where I have a level of empathy for him. I've done this myself, so that's it I mean I really got no beef. With this guy I responded he apologized and that's it it's a simple matter. No, that's it. There's really! Nothing else to say: yeah I appreciate it, so that was that you know the beef is squashed. Clearly the drama is over with him, but isn't it isn't it so does it? What do you think about the fact that the video we made has 65,000 dislikes I mean that's three hundred and seven thousand likes at this moment, but there's still 65,000 people who watched a video where I can clearly materially defending myself yeah, it's weird I, don't know don't like Age 3. You know the first hour we put it up, it had like 50% dislike, like his fans were ready. They were on the trigger and I was like what is going on and I thought I thought I was in bizarro world. It's 37 minutes, though so it took. It takes a minute to get your teeth into it. Anyway. Everyone loves Ethan. We all know that to be true right, so moving on then. At the same time, I was working on this video Trisha. Yes, Trisha Paytas the one and only puts out a video I was like man. This is way too much for me. [ __ ]. She puts out a video called h3 ruined my relationship out of control. I cannot believe what this [ __ ] has turned into a Trisha. Can you believe, no I can't believe it I keep remembering the last time we saw her. I was sitting next to her in our podcast room. Everything was nice. She wanted to [ __ ] us I was a 10 back that you wanted a truffle, um throuple yeah, you said trouble, it's my accent say throuple sorrowful. Oh you, huh yeah. You can't do that. The a that was good, say throuple, but it feels weird. Let's try. It just write her up. Paul. Is that like when I'm speaking here when I go and it will go safe, I'm, not gonna, interesting, even after all this time you can't- or it still feels weird yeah. Well, just derailed that point you were making. You were saying you were sitting next to her and it was all good. It was all good. We had a good vibe going. We complemented each other, she loved us. She was saying we're her new best friends: I, don't get it and since then we never talked so I, don't even know what the hell well. She she started: [ __ ] your brother straight up. That's what happened and it's just she goes on and she says honestly, her video is so [ __, ] long dude. She needs to editor bro 33 minutes, I mean dude, come on, I know, I just said: I made it 37 minute video, but I really feel like she's lost. The plot here like this is like a three minute video, because she she basically says that we are pressuring Moses to break up with her, which really is not the pic. My problem with this thing in the beginning was a clearly vocalize here. Is that I don't know what is happening? All I ever saw was that all the sudden Moses's and all of her pictures and videos and I'm like what also we've said to both of them I brought a photos at the show, so he also knows but to Tricia. We told her what happened last time with a bachelor. We talked about it on the show and we said how there was a wild card and that ended the show. So we said whatever happens just tell us right, but that makes the see yeah, that's true, but then I haven't heard I, don't care about the show right, no finds what I'm saying like we just never never even heard anything well, yeah all I saw was a them in a picture together, and what? What really? What bothers me is that the word colliding your brothers, someone that were very closest, that we see all the time and Trisha is one of the subjects of our pop one. The like we're having like a huge Trisha arc right now, and so for these worlds to collide, I mean it's it's ILA's brother. Do you understand how weird that is this girl that were old, it's like I've, had beef with Trisha and now all of a sudden, her brother isn't is like her best friend I mean this is just so strange. Anyone who watches Seinfeld knows the words should not collide anyways. Someone I saw this response on her YouTube video. That I thought was great. They says, oh and then of course, keemstar the ever truth. Pursuer of truth, he, like he's so desperate to [, __ ] on me, he'll goes he even tweets out her video in defense of Trisha. Oh he's such as I forget what he said. He goes. Oh yeah he's such a snake. This is totally something he would do. It's like bro when you find yourself tweeting in defense of Trisha, saying I ruined her relationship, that's rock bottom desperation. King star will never miss an opportunity to swing at me and and that's fine. Anyway, they say post. They says she posts a picture with him posts about how much sex they're, having gets obsessed with his religion right because he made like uh all these Passover videos and hebrew-speaking videos, post videos, teaching people, Hebrew, post, videos, eating sacred Jewish food and a messy and uneducated way, post really rude things about the dudes brother-in-law on Twitter dude can't even take a [ __ ] without her following him around to most people that would scream red flag and make them run for the hills. But no, it was h3 that ruined your affair. Okay, girl, keep it up. Out of you, that's a great point. It was a comment on our video, but what I said is like I. You don't need any help, ruining relationships from me. Maybe that was me, but I was a little annoyed on top of everything here we have just heads up where we're at the 33 minute mark. Actually one more sponsor read: we are sponsored and supported today by hands. Hems, hemp, hemp, hemp, hemp, I, listen, you've, heard us talking about hands and how they're helping guys look their best and if you haven't yet it's time to see what they're all about 66% of men start to lose their hair by age, 35 and once you've noticed your hair is thinning. It can be too late. Is that hair line slowly starting to move backwards? Do you have any bald spots yet? Well guys? The best way to prevent more hair loss is to do something about it. While you still have some dying, why do you guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when they can turn to medicine and science? Here's the solution guys for hems comm, one-stop-shop for hair loss, skin care and sexual wellness for men. It's time to write a new chapter folks, one in which you have beautiful, luscious, hair hims, is helping guys be the best version of themselves with licensed physicians and fda-approved products to help treat hair loss, no snake oil pills or gas station counter supplements. Folks. This is the real stuff prescription solutions backed by science. Hims was created by a guy. Who knows that sums, men, health conversations are easier online that in-person. That means no more awkward in-person doctor visits or long pharmacy lines connects you with real doctors, which could save you hours. It's completely confidential and discreet. All you have to do is answer a few quick questions. A doctor will review and they will determine if it's right for you boom right now. My listeners can get started with their first month for free go to for hanscom's, slash h3, that's for him. Calm, slash, h3, disclaimer prescription requires an online consultation with a physician who will determine if a prescription is appropriate offer valid. Only if prescribed three months of minimum subscription. Additional restrictions apply, see website for full details and important safety information. Remember guys for hams com, / h3, keep that beautiful hair in your head. What were we talking about? Oh yeah, we had this insane Twitter beef. It was like non-stop and I was just feeling so bad about this. Oh yeah. She erased this one to it, which was a shame, because my response was so good. She said something about how she wanted to [. __ ] me in Hilo, for only fans and I said. I would rather put my dick and a wood chipper and she removed the she removed it, and so we were beefing on Twitter. It's a lot. I, don't have it all in a folder but lots of back-and-forth. She says I hate. She goes I, absolutely hate Ethan like crazy, like she lost her mom. You know crazy. Thank you feels like yeah. You go Trisha and like the day before he's like saying awful things about her, but then all of a sudden yeah with him ruin my relationship. You go girl, I've, always been a huge fan. You only speak the truth. She said, and then today or was it yesterday, I thought if we go I, don't look III, don't know what to say at this point: I'm just gonna cold, my tongue I'm, not gonna, think but then now she he pops up in her new video called my special guest is water and by the way, is this social distancing, EULA? Well, if they've already [ __ ], then I guess what does it matter? Yeah I mean I'm I, don't know we we're not seeing any they [ __ ]. Are you saying you don't know I, don't know if this qualifies as quarantine for me, but they had sex already yeah yeah they're in the as the New York naked, but no Reming. So then they they're eating cheese sticks together. This just pops up on my feet and I got to tell you no word from Moses last I heard they weren't hanging out and look I'm, not upset I'm just find it bizarre I mean. Can you keep that for me that this is so [ __ ]? Bizarre that my brother-in-law, Sheila's brother, is now in a Trisha Paytas video doing Mook, bangs and I didn't even know. I, don't even know that they're hanging up I mean guys. This is this is bizarre. You cannot take that from me. All I can say is just really the words should never collide. I can't I did not watch this. Video I am NOT I'm, just out I said. Are you boycott everything I'm out? This is not content for me. I'm, not the tart I'm, not the target audience for this month. Then it's just maybe I asked to well. You probably might be someone they're eating I want that [ __ ] I'm, not gonna lie, can I, say something. Actually, that's probably gonna sell Trisha more. Those cheese dogs are not that good Ian brought him for us once and they're kind of over overrated. How do you think she you know? I might get a bit rash to be fair, cuz I thought well there, but it would have been way better if you got it right out of the oven because he had to drive over and, like my you know, it was like 45 minutes later at that point. Well, the problem that threw me for a loop is that they coat it in sugar and I was like what I don't want sugar all my deep, fried cheese. It's not sweet and savory kind of thing. I wasn't like huge on it either, but I would want to try it fresh out of the oven. Cuz with anything like melted, like think about, mozzarella sticks once it's like coagulated a little bit and it sat there for a while. It's not as good so I'm. With a case of these things. Okay, we'll get some more tequila, but I. Just imagine I mean. Can you just imagine how strange this is? What am I supposed to think about your brother or not? Does he owe us to tell us when they're hanging out or I mean at this point I mean am I not supposed to be shocked? This I just don't get it like. What am I so am I supposed to react to this I mean really. Doesn't somebody guide me? I, don't know man. That is the weirdest element of all. This is how I mean you guys, obviously know him way better than me and I. Don't know Moses that well, but from the outside. Looking in it's bizarre how yeah ambiguous about it, he's being like I with the amount of time that you guys talk to him and everything I would've imagined that he would have been more forthcoming with yes going on, but he's he's an enigma, I, don't know it's nice I couldn't agree more I, don't want to say I mean I, can't say that I'm surprised, because my brother can be ambiguous like that. I guess it's just that I was never involved on that side of his life. You know it's like I, always see him from here from his sister. It's just that and he always follows our channel and he watches every video and every podcast. So it's weird because we're always able to talk to him. We always talk about whatever we just posted, but now that it's like we're going back together from the other side. Just getting well, listen: I, love! You brother, I, love, a great guy! He's done a lot for us, I, don't know: I, don't I just gonna bite my tongue, I guess I have a lot to say: I'm not going to, but he has his own channel and if this is helping him also like rich, you know new audience, then I'm happy for him, cuz channel water, that's the name of his channel channel water. The comments on that video of them in the car was so funny to cuz um I guess you know, but as this was talking like philosophy or something at one point and she's, just like scarfing down these she's talk now I wanted to ask it. Are you aware of the fact that there's some people that think that this is all fake yeah? It was a good coming at you for that, not so many people, this kind of a part of the same conversation of people, just literally so like people, have pretty much combed through every podcast we've ever made and and and- and you know, milked, every drop pretty much so now. What you're seeing is people just outright making shut up? Okay, you've got this: some ordinary gamer, saying a donation, shame jeff bezos, which never happened, and now there's this and then here's another video, this grow, it's called a creep show art is her channel. The video is called h3. H3 is faking drama with Trisha Paytas for views, and it's gross right now. It ain't big trust me I, wish it was vague. I wish it was, but you know what this [ __ ] I'm dealing with is like [ __ ]. You I wish that [ __ ] was fake. Look at this tweet and then people they speak so harshly. Look look what she says on Twitter when she announced it. She goes new video remember when h3 h3 was known for calling out and making fun of [ __ ] on YouTube, because now they have resorted to faking drama with Trisha Paytas for money and clout and how the mighty have fallen. But lo vapenation a do. You feel anything from doing this with Trisha. What clout well yeah, exactly I've got I'm crazy, ass clout. Well, she hurt her or proof that I'm faking it is that our content with Trisha gets more views than average. That's it well! That I mean that you transparent that there's! No denying that you parent Lee, said that you love having her on, because it's great content and people check it out. I mean entertaining is [ __ ]. What do you think I endure she's insane, but it's entertaining that's why people like it? It's crazy! The woman puts alfredo sauce a purse-snatcher. What the [ __ ]! That's that's yeah! That's great rating! Actually Dan you'll be happy to know that she I think she used that clip as proof that I'm that off enter her equation about how I'm faking it when it comes to the stuff. With Trisha so, but trust me, my brother would not fake anything participating Emma, we're not milking it. That much like I'm, barely talking about the fact that Moses and Trisha are hanging out now and it's totally out of control. It's not like I'm [, __ ] running some kind of it's not like I've got a hidden camera on Moses's [, __, ] nipple, or some [ __ ], the tip of his dick. You know what I mean I'm like if this was fake, I'd be milking it a lot more, but it's just it's annoying. It's just [ __ ] up that people now are just straight-up like I'm such a common fulfillment. Now video have a lot of views. Yeah, okay, I mean I mean it's not a small amount under 50,000 people are just willing to accept anything about me at this point. Remember when Ethan used to call out [ __ ]. Well now he eats babies, but vape -, right I was like whoa. The talk comment on here. This is a common theme. I've seen a lot of talking about how the Kings have fallen. Does anybody else find that to just be the craziest [ __ ] ever like referring to to you as a as a falling king, yeah I? Don't like it either I mean look. There's this whole. It's just stupid. There's this whole narrative that, because I moved on, because I dare to change and embrace a different type of content. That I am that I've fallen, I mean fell out, yeah I mean it's just I, don't want to make [ __ ] I don't want to make the same [ __ ] that I was five years ago. That's it I find this more I find this content to be more dynamic. It's more collaborative! It's more interesting! It's more in-depth! It's we're just place in our life -, and this is what works for us right now. This is what we feel like make it. You know what people don't want us to make this content, because we make money from it. I find it so funny. It's like YouTube logic, like there's logic, that only works on YouTube and if you ever talk to someone outside of YouTube they'll be like what like, for example, us being successful, is somehow a point against us right now, right, right, oh they're, so out of touch ever since they became successful they're. Just like a point of ridicule every well now that now that we're actually likes you know wealthy everything is now we've now everything we've done in life is for money yeah, which you knowa know the reason I mean way of looking at it. Anyone who does anything goes to work anywhere. Does it for money and also being able to actually make money off of something you love doing like your hobbit, make that a profession is a goal for like a lot of people. I, don't understand! That's something that I'm proud of. That's, not something that I'm ashamed of. You should be because you soul, your soul, because you stopped making good videos and you started making bad videos and when you start making bad videos, you also started making a lot more money. That's pretty that's a speculation by the way, that's what they say. Everybody likes to assume that, like we make a hundred thousand dollars per episode, I always see that get thrown alright, just crazy hundred thousand dollars per episode and now I'm. Seeing all these everyone thinks that we're worth like 25 million and all this crazy [ __ ], like all these kids busy counting my money have never heard of a mortgage, but we bought a nine million dollar house and kids. You, you understand what a mortgage is right. Just because I I owned a nine million dollar house doesn't even mean that I'm worth nine million dollars. If anything it, if you got a loan for it, it subtracts from me net worth yeah well. Well, let's say you got a nine million dollar house, usually a down payment for something like that would be like twenty thirty percent you're looking at two three million bucks down, so you own two to three million dollars of a nine million dollar house. Now, obviously, that's a lot of money, I'm not saying that I'm not wealthy, but all these kids busy, counting my money and inflating my net worth I have like it's like dude. Of course, I have a mortgage on a nine million dollar house. What are you crazy? You know I mean not that rash, I'm rich, so I'm, not gonna I'm, not gonna, sit here and deny it I'm, Rich's fuck-boy, there's still something that is so weird and I feel like just on a personal level. It's still something that is kind of new to us, and it's not really like I, don't know, I feel, like that's a whole other topic. Ya know it's like look. We we were broke our whole life. We were almost like starving at some point. Wall Street I almost had to go back because I couldn't afford staying and for us we're still that people. You know it's not like all of a sudden I'm, a completely different person. Now that we make money I, we work hard for our money and we pay taxes 50% of what we make. We pay taxes, so I'm not gonna, sit down and feel bad because people are like. Oh, you, sellout, no I'm, proud that the fact that we made it here and it's hard-earned money that we can taxes on we work, [, __, ], super hard meant building Teddy fresh into a successful company, wasn't something easy that we did overnight. I mean that's a lot of work and a lot of energy and a lot of risks, and it's it's not been easy, but it's been something that we're passionate about. We love doing it, we're passionate and so I. Don't think we even talked I, don't trust rated. This is like that space that I get in whenever I start looking at any of those like stupid videos whatever, but I, think I think the board comments. I. Think the big issue here is that we as as muda har the some ordinary gamers, even said in his original video. He goes look I know. Ethan is an easy target and I think that's. What's going on, there's a whole economy for age, 3, hate videos for one reason or another. So it's not even that these creators hate me the per se, it's that they they're taking the angle that they know works and they're feeding into it. That's exactly what happened with some ordinary gamer with this whole hypocrite thing he he knows this video is gonna, get him tremendous views and accolades, and he even says it in the game is video. He goes. Ladies and gentlemen, we've got a hell of a video for you today because he knows that this is what the people want and so I don't think that that guy, even he doesn't care that much about me being a hypocrite. He just wants to make a video that people know that that will click and consume, because it's just I'm an easy target, because I never respond to this [ __ ] and if I do what's on the podcast and and it doesn't have the same amount of teeth. That's why I feel like I had to make an h3 video in response to that one, and so you know everyone. Everyone accepts that I'm now the most evil, dude and I suck and I'm a hypocrite and I've changed, and all these things and so yeah everybody is very happy and willing to accept pretty much any premise about me. So there is an incredible economy of h3 hate videos and people are just feeding into that I. Don't you know what I mean they're just playing into that, and it's like this crazy echo chamber, where it gets worse and worse and worse still, I'm, basically like I'm, like Jeffrey Dahmer. At this point, like they hear people talk about me, they think that I'm, like Epstein or some [ __ ], when all I did was like mad worse, say some things that they didn't like. You know what I mean and somehow I'm like [ __ ] Adolf Hitler reanimated. Well, how am I supposed to feel about this by the way Trisha Paytas and this video she made with Moses, so I'm gonna I'm supposed to just let them be right. Your brother is hanging out with her somebody said in a comment. This is the exact inverse of Ethan. Ely Ethan is more talkative and is the one that likes to eat food, whereas eva is thinner and quiet and he's healthier. Trisha is more talkative and likes to eat, she's. Basically saying you're, you guys I'm Trisha and you're your brother and they're. So so she responds she says net in all caps. Never compare me to that thing ever again with a hundred exclamation marks. So how am I supposed to feel it's like? Do you want? Do you want your space? Do you guys want to do your own thing, or do you want me to talk about you guys and to your brother I, pose that some question because he's there hanging out with her like it's all good, but like am I not supposed to acknowledge comments like this I don't know and by the way Trisha your [ __ ] mask has holes in it. So what the [ __ ]! Are you doing your corrent, your mask, like met is made of mesh I mean that's so sweet? Yes, oh gods, no I maybe's be dazzles like what the [ __ ] is wrong with you. This dumbest thing I've ever seen in my life. It might be bedazzled because you know what I think I think that they might be rhinestones actually yeah. It looks like either way it's probably rhinestones, but let's say it's holes because it's flares anyway moving on one more topic here and then we're Papa, John's gonna call in and give us updates on the Papa verse, but I actually ate a bread of just about 55 minutes in okay, perfect. This was so you guys know that we've been SWAT victim of swatting us. Well, we moved to this house. It happens several times last week. I got a letter from the Department of Justice. Was that one on earth is this and he says this is for the victims unit and they has a time and date of a court appearance and the information about some dude I, never heard of I'm like I'm, so confused and I google, the name and look at this [ __ ], former ODU student pleads, gets a plea deal over neo-nazi groups. Swatting calls this is the [ __ ] that swatted us and by the way, is this. The most white trash looking I love that these guys are neo-nazis. Like then masterrace dude Hitler would have exterminated your ugly ass trust me. The master race was with white supremacist. All looking like. There's nothing supreme about that trust me yeah I mean it is uncanny that they almost always look exactly like. That is why power reminds me of the Chappelle white power. The white man is supreme man. This guy is like anyway, so this guy's in prison and actually the details. This guy is pretty prolific career. Apparently he has swatted a hundred and thirty people crazy. That's a full-time job hundred thirty-four people across the country. Let's see I mean no surprise that they actually caught him with so many cases. They, probably it's so cool that they can catch these guys, though, because they all think that rings slick because they like use skimpy ends and Skype and nobody know, but the FBI's like [ __ ]. We know who you are I'm so happy that these kids are going through. They have back doors to like all things. Yes, things were secure using Skype prosecutors in the court filing called it. One of the most far-reaching and prolific swatting, conspiracies known to law enforcement, Shannon calls included in November 2018 bomb threat against a predominantly african-american church, nice in response to another swelling called last November against a vape shop. How would you do my big job? Yes, Ave now I'm pissed come on Dan. Have you Dave? Have you baked at all? Are you still off I'm off the bait brother? Was that I mean the last? Well, you guys my date was when we went to Disneyland like I was waning off at that time and then that day at Disneyland, because I couldn't really do it there. That was like a push so yeah I mean how are you doing? Are you chewing gum or getting nicotine in any other way? No, no I'm, Nick Nick free Wow. How do you feel good now sucked quitting but huh yeah man I mean there have been a few short periods of time where I wasn't on nicotine or. However, you want to phrase that throughout the years but I mean I had started smoking cigarettes at like 18, mom and I'm 32 now and so yeah I mean that's it's a long time while I'm happy a claim 13, that's not easy to do so. Fantastic work to you, I'm very happy. Thank you. Thank you. Don't want you dying on me. You know this coronavirus, don't [ __ ] around with smokers, right, yeah and yeah. I'm. Definitely thankful in that regard. I mean I, I, don't I! Think the jury's still somewhat out on the whole vaping thing. I know that there was that scare last year where people got really worried, but it seemed like it was about contaminated things or whatever blah blah blah. So you know I, don't want to it's, not good for you. I, don't want to write it off completely like it's. It's it's horrible, you shouldn't do it or whatever it did, I mean it. It ultimately helped me quit smoking cigarettes, which I think you know I, think it's great for that, but I don't think people should pick up vaping instead of smoking. You know what I mean yeah and I mean, especially when there is a pandemic going around that attacks people's lungs. It just seems like you, should probably try and keep your lungs in fairly tip-top shape. So now is a good time to kick it if you are doing it, but the job then yeah. Well, here's where the story gets crazy. So this is this guy and then I got another letter from the Department of Justice. Yesterday I was like what and so I open it similar thing different name. Also what? Because we've been swatted several times so I, don't know if this was from us difference incident or if they were working together, but get a load of this guy. Okay, bro this guy I, don't want to have anything to do with this guy as Charles Manson face. What do you hear this headline accused former white supremacist leader who shared child pornography and is implied in five murders nationwide yeah, this [ __ ] guy SWAT, was involved why the [ __ ] dude, now that shit's crazy, this guy's crazy? The implication is that they are linked because they were bad at this Adam Waffen division, which is a online neo-nazi group, so the Adam often. What does that mean? Is that German often is sort of a reference to the SS right I think it means they like waffles. They, like the muffin top yeah. Listen this [ __ ] waffen-ss was you know the term for that's I, don't know I, don't think. So I think it's a reference to that. This is why I bought a shotgun by the way. Look at this [ __ ] again, what's so great about the white race, look at this guy he's got a very symmetrical face. I won't [ __ ] him. I want to reproduce with him. The alleged former leader of a white supremacist group, accused of threatening journalists and activists was also involved in sharing child pornography. This guy's that got the triple threat. Mister Denton's arrests in Texas was part of a national crackdown on the Adam Waffen division, described by prosecutors and experts as a group of extremists bent on provoking a violent race war. Excellent, isn't that what Charles Manson was doing to exactly what he did? Wow, oh and tough, fascinating, but I don't want to be what was the name of the actress Thea's house? They went to I. Definitely Sharon Tate I'm, not gonna, be your Sharon Tate, you [, __ ], this guy's doing them. Ah, that's not cool. They also got another house to LaBianca, which was a yeah. They did like two murders on this thing night or something like that. So you all think that, like it's so fun and games until you get a letter from the Department of Justice saying this guy is cracking down on him. Cuz I've heard about this atom. Often did that group, oh yeah, they I mean not like a ton or anything, but I I was definitely aware of them as being a prominent online, neo-nazi group or whatever just looked it up. It means nuclear weapons in German, attracted the attention of the feds, so I mean I, don't know what yeah well, they killed five people, apparently yeah that'll. Do it because they're more information, I look at you say my attention to co-conspirators, have told investigators that mr. Denton scans and sent photos of a 16 year old girl dating and other white supremacists. It's because of such Fox. She said they also told law enforcement that Denton was trading child pornography back and forth with another individual I had a folder with material on his computer sick, that's nuclear bro. What was the part about the murders? Was he he's in jail? He's gonna get coronavirus. Now it's crazy! It's a shitty time to go to jail. Somebody got out, it was um. Oh Michael Cohen got out, but our Kelly and Bill Cosby, naughty or avenatti, or whatever trying to do the same I. Think because Michael Cohen cooperated so I think they're tossing him a bone, Oh God he's under house arrest. Now, that's gonna, be so nice to think you're gonna be in prison and then you're like yeah. You get to just stay at home, but Bilka yeah he's basically free yeah, yeah, yeah uh blah blah blah more than six idiot yeah I'm, trying to find the [ __ ] about the murder. Oh yeah. This was great in his Adam Waffen chatroom. He went by the nickname rape right- oh my god, this guy, so dark he's accused of organizing a threatening campaign against probe Republic reporter, who had named him and other Adam Waffen members. Fake threats were also called in to probe Republican New York office on the reporter's name. Yada yada, yada I, don't see the part about murder, but it says in the headline look at this crazy [, __ ] that he is connected with five murders, so that's fun and exciting times, not really not really at all, not at all, and so with that being said, let's let's go ahead and get pop on the phone and see we'll see what he's got for us. So we'll go to a quick cut and we'll be right back with your boy, Papa John. Today we have a very special guest, the one and only Papa, John part, two back to give us the pizza updates, the pizza secrets, the pizza dirt. Do we have any pizza dirt? Papa John's beat the pizza grease. What do we got here today in the pizza world pizza if you're the pizza delivery business? This as good as you get it's a good time to be selling pizza? Oh my gosh I mean you got 310 million people trapped at home. You got cheese at an all-time low. At a dollar a pound fuels low yummy. This is as good as it gets. If you're in the pizza business I mean you could sell, [ __ ] on a stick and some are so Papa. You are not really in the pizza business that much anymore. You you last after your last appearance, you sold a lot of Papa John's stock to the tune of what was it like: a hundred million or something by my basics like that, and so that I think you know if you right now, things are really good, so I think it's maybe a good time to really look its own some stock as long as people are confined, I think sales and the pizza deliver business or continue to go up, which is a good thing when you're selling stock, because you want things to go up. The question is when the restraints lesson and it gets a less restrictive and people start guiding out. You know that curve for pizzas, probably going to start going down, but what's inevitable short term, is the price of cheese, cannot be sustainable in a dollar path. I think the Farmers dairy farmers give or take the size of the farm break-even about a buck 65 a buck. Seventy worth a dollar. If you look at the chart real quickly, you see the job right, the fees it takes and give you an idea. Papa John's uses about two and half million pounds a week, so $1 pounds is what two and evvamean a week, which is three hundred fifty thousand bucks a day, a staggering amount of money, but it goes up as the farmers have more head of cattle demand exceeds supply and the price goes up. The problem with cheese is milk is perishable within you know three days so once that curve goes down, then the dairy cattle go to the slaughterhouse, become hamburger and then you've got a supply and demand. So this this will not go back up slow. This will jump back up to 250 300 pounds so right now, it's the gettin's good, if you're in the pizza delivery business, but once that's it, the sales start trending down which they will when they release the restrictions and cheese soars to pick the number to 253 three dollars a pound, because historically this has never happened. Then, that's probably when you want a short Papa John's stop when she starts or enough, because our model breaks about $2, a pound to 20, pound franchisees, don't make any money, and this will jump back up rather quickly Pablo. Why is the cheese value so low supply and demand? You know. Cheese is used to a market demand of say, X hundred million pounds a week and when the restaurants aren't open, you have a product, that's perishable in three days, so you have excess supply and demand goes down. When demand goes down, then the price goes down. The problem is even in the short-term, the dairy farmers can't survive at a dollar twenty pounds, Allen 30 much less a dollar. So was it when this trend reverses, it will spike way up in a hurry, so it spike down faster than it ever has in the history of cheese, it'll spike up faster than the history of cheese and remember, 35, 40 percent of the cost of the pizza is cheese. Hmm there, you have it the Papa in sight. Now tell me: what is your favorite cheese I'm? Just curious? Oh, come on. You know what the answer is well, when I was making pizzas at Greeks pizzeria Montse, we used a little bit of a provolone and monster. Oh, but it's got to be mozzarella right. Oh, it's gotta be mozzarella, yeah Nick's, the monster of the provolone or whatever you always mix it with mozzarella, six cheese blend of Papa John's. It had six other cheeses or had five other cheeses plus mozzarella. So yeah you want to blend it with mozzarella. You got to otherwise you're, not even making a pizza. Now by by as I understand it we have well. You are involved in some kind of charity for Kovan 19. You've got some updates regarding Richie aka Judas from the biblical times and I'd love to hear about both of those topics. Let's take the easy one: the fun one yeah I love entrepreneurs, I love, the small business owners, I looked at Papa John's, not as 5,000 stores, but it's one store 5,000 times. Papa John's is a family of small businesses and I like that, and so the two things I really enjoy are the frontline team members at Papa, John's, franchisees, the employees etc, and also the frontline team members and frontline defense that we have with Corona 19. So the what I'm doing we did the churches and all the local charities. We we fed the frontline defenders up in lesson Kentucky with wild health and the castle, but today we announced we're going to give a million dollars for small businesses, which is what I love to help small businesses their employees and then continue with the frontline defenders. So I get to do. The frontline defenders and I also get to do the employees and then I get to help out with guidance with small business. In fact, we have a site that has merchandise. This is just some of it right here on your t-shirts, papa yeah, topple, blessed shirts coming out whoa whoa we're gonna have to have an IP discussion about that mugs, bandanas, masks, etc, and every every merchandise piece merchandise that folks buy on our support network and our merchandising network. Imagine dollar for dollars with a million dollars, so we can take that million dollars and parlay it into too many pretty quickly make an impact. I hear you are doing something pretty special. We are well. Thank yes! Thank you! For yes, the setup there. We are giving away a hundred thousand dollars on Twitter to basically its we like to think of it as the h3 stimulus, but it's called help, and basically we just we're just giving away. We set aside a hundred thousand dollars, we're doing it for a hundred days, a thousand dollars a day and and and some some other generous soul donated fifty thousand. So now we've got 150 thousand dollars in this for this campaign, and so there's three winners every day for a hundred days and each person gets 500 bucks, so you know just trying to get people money out there to help people with groceries internet bill utilities. You know cash in hand immediately to help people when they need it. You know. Well, that's awesome, I'll, tell you what I'll do I'll match a hundred thousand your hundred thousand. If, when we do these interviews, you problem you promise to be as tough on me every time as you were the last time really that's one I mean you were pretty weird I didn't say you were Kathy ass, but I mean you weren't I mean I, need some teeth. We're gonna do an interview. I want you to go for the jug, oh man thousand dollars, but you gotta get some way what you I want you down at the trenches I want you down to the gutter. Oh I'm, always in the gutter audience once as well, it didn't matter papa. Wait just to confirm. Did you just say, you're donating a hundred thousand to the help campaign? Our foundation will match your foundation hundred thousand apiece as long as you and your beautiful bride are tough on me with these interviews. Last time you were soft. I was a little soft okay. Well! Well, thank you very much. That's very kind! That's very generous that'll be fantastic and, of course it would be my absolute pleasure to go as hard as possible on the pizza God Himself here. There's a fire roaring behind you. By the way can we get a peek of that? Oh, it's out, mmm. It was on, but I guess it was hot all right. Well, so papa, let's turn it towards the are you in the famous house Popeye in the house where I'm in the lab I'm in my office at the house? Is this the room where you recorded Papa John's first online pizza order a video. This is so what I did it from this room? Wow I could everybody we were not doing the internet pizza sales on the Internet fact. I almost lost my job. We spent like eight million dollars and it didn't work out too good. The first year, like I, have your set of sales. They almost fired me over that finally come on, and now it's figure number 65, 70 percent of our business is. Is it an amazing to look back at a time when the internet was some crazy, wild, uh yeah? It was a. It was a crazy, a wild idea of Papa's. Well, let's, let's turn it to. Oh because we were on the topic of the of Bo and the house, and last time we didn't ask about Bo I just wanted to ask: how was he doing he's good he's big he's pushing 60s next one, six, two he's a great skier and his teaching ski skiing out in Colorado. Of course, I got cut short, but you know he loved giving me hardware to go so you know he's healthy and happy if he's given the old man a hardware to go right now, everybody's, healthy and happy and we're doing we're doing good, but I'm concerned about Americana the million dollars we did today, it's great I'm all for it. It touches my heart because small business is my heart and soul, but man. This is a problem. I mean this. We want, you know on the backside of the virus, but the carnies that has done to our economy and what it's done to the great working men and working women of our country is devastating, and you know I have a feeling that may and will be just the tip of the iceberg, of what we're all going to have to do together right two, three, four moles, because this could be a hard cold winter to get out of this mess. Absolutely no just one little baby win it one little hundred thousand. At a time, one little mean at a time until we get America back up on its feet and get it going yep I'm with you there papa. Now we had a fascinating conversation with you. The last time you were here about the pizza Al stirs. We had drawn an analogy that if you were Caesar, Richie was Brutus, who stabbed you in the back on the floor of the Senate, but Judas is the one who killed Jesus and if he you could mount. If you can melt Brutus and Judas the two gray portrays in literature together, you would have, you would have Ritchie I. Think it's a fair analogy, but that's your comments time. We wish the best for Steve. You know the problem with what he did and what the old board did is not really what they did to me. I'm, fine, it's what they did to themselves and it's what they did to the employees in the franchisees. That's the part that you know breaks my heart, but you know I think he feels like it's still. The company can get away with it, and you know karma is a strange thing and it came around and nobody's heard from Ritchie in three months. You know really rich he's off the radar off the rail. Here's, a guy that talked 2,000 people a day I mean the guy. Was the phone and nobody's heard from you. So what does that mean? You tell me I, don't know. Is he dead? Well, I, don't know what that means. I hope he's doing well, I mean you can imagine going from making Victor a number. We had him at four or five six million a year and now I makes zero, so I think he hurt himself more than he or anybody else. But that's kind of how and look where pop is just lower. I said you and Richie just look where pop is: he still got the fireplace? Well, you don't want to run a restaurant company in the middle of Corona nineteen, you just don't and you know, I got off the boat. This would be of the four time, and this is just really lucky timing to get off this thing and I'd have to deal with the day-to-day I. Couldn't imagine a stand, employees to go into work and deal with rice but sure again, pizza, delivery. Right now is hot. You know it's gonna. This is as good as it'll ever get if you're in the pizza delivery, business ever yeah, and the question is when this comes out the other side and those sales crash, and that cheese goes with three bucks: a pound. That's going to destroy the unit economics of the franchisees and the independent pizzerias, and that's what I'm concerned about you know the next, not the next month or two, but six months you know where's all this going to pan out and the problem with this thing is it's got so many tangibles that are uncertain unpredictable, for example, did you ever think of ours could do this to the world and at the same time same time take oil to eleven dollars a barrel. See these these tangibles better, unexpected those are going to keep popping up. The good news is I think on all fronts. Corona has been less than we thought, it'd be, hopefully done flare back up. We don't have a second or third wave. I, do think if that happens, and maybe I'm optimistic I think we're better prepared for the next way. We do have a lure about this and we get too big a hurry. We go back out and wave goes back up, I think the administration, the public, are better prepared, the second time around I'm hoping we are because need to get America back on its feet. Has there been any updates on your lawsuit against the? What was the name of that agency, the the laundry service and the and Pappajohn itself? What's going on? What's the updates? Well, the pot, it's not a get with Papa John's, so they they pretty well for the most part being quiet. The question is: how much are they involved with this I mean we know for a fact that laundry service taped the conversation unbeknownst to me. We know laundry service had a relationship with forbes the head guy at laundry summers was the guy named Jason Stein. He had a relationship with the report. Forbes reporter we know, Jason took the tape to Forbes. We also know that the they painted the false narrative of what the tape actually said, and we know that it was all premeditated. So we know for a fact. You know magnate executives from Papa John's have left, I talked to them all. They all I know what's going on here. They tell me what's going on, we know Wasserman set this up. It was premeditated through Jason Stein. We know they leaked it to Forbes the directors of Papa John's. We know of to Mark Shapiro and Steve Richie the knew that Wasserman and laundry service leaked that tape to Forbes and set me up they're complicit. The question before the house is: is the rest of the Papa John's board passively more aggressively complicit in the setup to you, know sabotage me and to hurt me and pay me in that unfavorable light and frankly, in a false light. So there has there been any material update. Have you been able to hear or obtain the infamous tape um? We we have the tape. The tape is property of Papa, John's and Papa. John's does not want the public to hear the tape, because there's nothing in there. That's racist about the tape. Remember Papa John's had a copy of the tape a week. After all, this went down. I didn't have a copy of the tape till the following year, so Appa John's knew that there was nothing on that tape. That was going to hurt me with regards to race, yet they went along with it. That's what makes me think that pop John was complicit in the set up by laundry service to take over the company, as I've said on Maria, Bartiromo and other shows. What's unfathomable unthinkable is that the Board of Directors and executives at Papa, John's use race, use the black community to steal the company? That's what was hard to believe and they did and they continue to do it. Discovery starts at the end of the month. That's going to be interesting, we've got our witnesses and they got theirs and I think discovery will be very telling. Hmm other everybody's. If they didn't do anything wrong, they have nothing to worry about. If they did, what you and me and the rest of America knows they did I think they have problems. Well, let's see what comes out of this I I hope. There's some explanation: I just can't find anything except they wanted to. They wanted to set me up, and you know defame me, so they could steal the company now. Why? Wouldn't you want to steal the company? The company was making 155 million dollars a year. In fact, here's our nine-year run and here's your one hundred fifty five hundred and sixty million dollars a year, profit lat, 18s, five million nineteen you'll, see in 2020 and they'll, probably do a little better. This with Ben Corona we're still half as much money as we made in 2011 2012, and the point is look at the damage, this board of directors. The management did to a great company, 155 million dollars down to basically nothing and they basically destroyed the reputation of the company, have something like that. What they would probably say in response to that is that they would say well well, it was actually John Schnatter with the controversy with the NFL and the public backlash that he's faced. That was responsible for the lost trust in the brand. Is that not what they would say in response to that? And how would you respond? That argument is not defensible because both recordings NFL and laundry service, we have a tape and there's nothing either recording that should be indicative of anything to start up to stir up this kind of controversy. What Papa John's realized when they wanted to steal the company? If you see you can't still Papa John Pizza without running the founder in the ground, unless you destroy me, you can't steal the country, so they understood early on. If they did nothing, if they just did nothing and let the press and the media and social media run and basically crucify me, then that puts them in the driver's seat to take the company over and that's what they did. In other words, they were complicit in destroying my reputation and creating this scandal, which has hurt thousands of employees and hundreds of franchisees, because they did nothing. They were passive aggressive and they did nothing and they hurt the brand. Let me let me go back to something you had mentioned previously that that stood out to me. You had mentioned that Papa John is using the black community in a way to make their using them. You said: can you expand on that? Well, the to play into a successful white guy is racist is an easy sell, especially if they're coming you don't defend that, and so, if they can paint the founder in a false narrative, a false light, then they can put him off to the side and steal the company and that's what they did now. The black leaders that I talked to know that that they're just being used to hurt me. They know that and I think America knows that, but yet Papa John's still is playing. That up. Are you referring to the fact that Shaq that they pick Shaq to be a board member I? Think Shaq's words were he's being you know, he's being used as kind of a tool to perpetuate this thing? I would hope he's smarter than that Ethan. But you know out of the thirty board members that the owners of Papa John's, the the Chairman, has there's only one black board they're, all. Basically, you know old in white. They maybe there's one Latino except Shaq, so the odds of having one black board member on the Papa John's board and use him as a spokesperson and you've. Seen the footage where he continues to agitate the situation, I think that's not coincidental you're. Referring to this video clip you sent me, do you mind if I play it papa sure? Okay, let me play this for our audience just to give them a reference like Shaq, you better believe, there's gonna be haters. Ico is Papa. John hate mail he's getting some serious backlash online, especially from people of color, and to be honest, it's starting to get to what is Shaq life. Does he of a reality shine I think it was a show and TNT like Shaq life like a documentary Papa, come ask you something: have you noticed that Shaq is in every commercial I mean really put on the TVs and every commercial is an icy hot he's in the general he's in he's in like tongues he's in every commercial? So so is it possible that he's just added this under his belt I mean he literally has like probably 200 endorsement deals right and Papa John just slid right under his belt, with the with Tom's and alka-seltzer and the general and maybe race didn't factor into it. Yeah I think I think Shaq's a good choice as a spokesperson. I disagree with the way they're using me because they don't usually much he's not in as many ads. That's true I, don't like the fact that they're using him to keep stirring up a false narrative on race, right, I, think that's I, think that's doing a lot of damage to Shaq and I think it all that does is regurgitate and bring this all backup, which is not good for anybody. So the question before the house is: why do they keep bringing up a false narrative but they're not complicit in the setup? And you know that's the main, our question so Papa. What what ultimately do you wish out of this? What do we want to happen when this is all said and done going into discovery? You've got your own company trashing you. You know what what what? What is a happy end to this for you well I, think you want the best for the franchisees. You want the best for the employees and I think to keep researching resurfacing. This is just not healthy for anybody, so you want Papa John's to go on about their business and be successful and I'm. Gonna definitely go on about my business and be successful and what's wrong with both parties. Being successful, I mean that that's the wind wind, so the I hope that the coronavirus uptick keeps ticking and keeps going that would that would be the, but still hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of stock. So that would be the good thing and I hope some of the things I'm working with with other pizzerias and wild health and charities, I hope that keeps going up and that's a win so I like win-win, so I want Papa John's to win I want to win, but if they keep bringing this up, that's a that's not good for me and that's not good for Papa John's. That's what I call a lose-lose so that needs to stop the goals. Have them stop it set the record straight. I do want to get to the bottom of how far up the chain does this go? Does this go to the NFL Goodell yeah? You know it goes to Washington the head of the DNC. How how far up does this go? You think? Well, maybe it was just Richie and a few of the board members. Well that doesn't make sense, because, as soon as they got what they wanted out of Richie, they fired it. They fired him in bother with stock, went from 38 to 58 and he's disappeared for three months too, so they may have buried him as well Papa John or did his issues it is. He made a comment to the franchisees after the Board of Directors fired and he said, I have so much dirt on the board and Jeff Smith and I could make their life miserable. Now? What did he mean by that? Well, how much dirt does he have on Jeff, Smith or directors of Pappajohn, so big, a team 2.8 million to shut him up? He did shut up, but now he's really shut up, so I don't know. What's going on, I think it's bizarre interesting. It is bizarre, well well, I do want to ask you why not or move back to charities or yeah I was gonna. I was gonna [ __, ] I was about to shift my hours back um pop up. I know your time is limited, so I want to leave you with with a one last question that was popular very popular in our first interview. I want I want to know how was your dating life going papa and now that you are single and ready to mingle? Are you seeing it well with the confinement and go over 19? There is no time to be single. Isn't it it's? Well, it's a good time what I call level setting it's a good time to get back to the basics when you have something like this happen, that's kind of you know. Sometimes, life just is not fair. If life was fair to be boring as hell, so let's get a miniature violin and have a pity party for Papa I mean we need to get over it. Move on I mean who really, who really gives a [ __ ] frankly, but it helped. It's helped me get closer to my mom I've gone back to Joe garrison bill, my high school, my roommates in college, you just it forces you go back to the basics to where you started when you were broke and just rebuild from there. So I call it level setting and we're level setting, and you know trying to be do the best. I can do with the kids and grandkids and fitness and getting to be. One thing. That's happened, that's been great, is the you when you go through something like this, you get a rep, you get rid of people, you should have been around. You know, which is been great, and then you meet a whole nother group of people that are really inspirational and, like me, yeah yeah, there's a lot of yeah the you know and there's a big right. You have a great upside. Is that damn look downside we gotta get on to him jack. Told me. Tell you hi that a voodoo doll Papa you stab the needles in a person and we've agreed with my good name and my great pizza recipe in his personality. We're gonna we're gonna have a lot of fun. So where did that cop? You are you sticking needles in that Bank Papa yep soon as we get through Corona, we need to I, don't know if you want to call it. What do you call it? A boo, doo doll or a hex or spell but the spell of Papa. You know so, every time something bad happens. We got anything Oh the spell the Papa heck. We can have fun with that, but let's get through this. Well, we have. We have yeah, let's, let's we already have a hex we've already got 1x. Thank you for your generosity, 1 million - to charity, to small business owners and I. Think I, though I'm I'm, not sure I understood you still correctly, you are donating $100,000 to our charitable cause. I'm gonna match you and your beautiful bride, your 400 I'm in front. As long as when we do these interviews, you don't give me any slack. Is that a deal that's a deal of course that's a deal well, Papa! Then just wow! That's so generous! Thank you! So much mama wow, that's so nice! Well, if you're fans, my best and God bless and we'll keep fighting the good fight here, we'll get this absolutely. Thank you papa for checking in. We are team papa all the way. We thank you so much for that. For that donation. That's amazing, merchandise, yeah, but don't it's but it, but but we have to talk, but our lawyers need to talk before you start with the Papa blessing lawyers, all right, Thank, You, papa, we'll talk all right! Well, uh Papa is in the house. It's interesting to see him in that very room. The famous hot or beau took place. That fireplace is so epic, isn't it? How did it turn on without no one touching? It I think there was there someone in it in the room with him with a remote or something that's pretty crazy. Cuz I heard him say that it. What kind of technology is that it's Papa, Tech cuz, it's real fire! Well, it's not a digital, no I! Think the I think the remote turns on the gas huh, not that it's not that crazy! Okay I mean if you have Papa money, anything's possible. Why? That's so exciting, though the hundred thousand so now that we have an extra hundred thousand, we can do five five winners every day. That's two hundred fifty twenty five hundred dollars a day, five winners and because we're gonna have like a little surplus, because we've already started we're gonna do on the final day, we're just gonna, do a mega giveaway for whatever we have leftover. Well, that's. That concludes our podcast here today, we've been gone, but it's good to be back and there's friend and to everybody who's watching this just to comb through everything. I've said: good luck! God bless its problem. Sure there's a couple of nuggets there Oh before we go I wanted to I, actually wanted to make a statement, because over the last couple weeks, the last just because we didn't do an episode last week, and then we had the interview with dr. ding the week before it's been a while, since we had an episode where I was participating directly and on our last episode, we deal with goof, where I was here in the studio and I was pretending that I was at home tending yeah. Well, I, don't know if you guys have seen, but there's been quite a few comments sympathizing with my situation and what guy the reason that I really feel like I need to say something is I've, actually seen quite a few people during this drama that was going on defending you, Ethan saying you're, a good guy, because you, let me sleep in this TV, not weird like what might be a good guy for just paying you enough money to actually write which yeah I know. I noticed that too I love that even sleep in the studio I would, by the way I don't want to make fun of anybody. I don't want this to be negative, because people that we're sympathizing so I appreciate that, but I just want to let everybody know I'm. Okay, it was a tag. I I have a home I just needed to be here at the studio, for the way that we're doing the zoom call and all the recording and think so. It was Dan's idea and originally I was like oh yeah, no I warm on it, but y'all thought it would be fun. It's a good I, throw a wicked party them. Oh did you say what? How are you everyone check in with me Ian? What are you doing? You're looking off and it's not feeling well. Are you sick Ian? Oh my stomach, Phil I think it's the like Dan said the weather. Changing allergy, [, __, ] I, don't know whose house so hot today, it's so hot yeah. It's miserable I hate that weather, whose house is that buying you? Oh it's whoa I mean even though you know, Dan is homeless, I'm doing very well. So it's all good is that a person's house, a famous person's house in particular, yes, Ian I, mean I, don't know, do you call me famous yeah I see this is going nowhere. Zach tell me about yourself how you feeling I've had quite a week. Actually my dog almost died. He got stung like wait. What yeah he got stung by a bee, winda anaphylactic shock. We had gone to the hospital at 10:30 at night, Wow yeah he was like passing out. His gums went pale. He was born. We thought we were going Wow and yeah, so that was rough found, my first gray hair, even more traumatic, which yeah I don't know why I'm getting gray hairs with a little salt and pepper actually look for you. That's that's what people have said, but I wouldn't stress about that. Dude yeah he's dressed, but other than that, it's fine! You know. Staying home, I went to the market a few times and sack how old is your dog? What kind of is it a little dog yeah he's three years old he's a Maltese mix. Oh yeah I know I'm. Sorry, that's I'm, so scared of one of our dogs getting stung because they're so small it was. We were I mean I ran to the the thank God. There was a like. A petty are open. I ran with my dad and I mean we were. We were bawling in the car crying because we thought we were gonna lose him. How did you find out? Your dog got stung? He my brother was out walking him and he said my dog Matisse jumped and he started like limping on his paw and then my brother went to look at it and there was a stinger in there and all of a sudden. He started. Vomiting and Oh dogs always react that way or hepatech he's allergic to it. Just happens to be allergic to it. He's been stung by two bees before and he's never been in anaphylactic shock. You know what happens with neighbors that bees they get worse with every sting yeah. That's why I I've been stung like ten times and the last time I got stung, which was very long ago. I do at the hospital there's a weird thing with bee stings, but it gets more and more deadly going on you've been stung by bees, ten times, yeah I. Suppose these as a kid for some stupid reason and I got I, don't know, I, don't understand it, but I got stung like five times and then I got stung accidentally a few more times after that right like the last time. Well, what about the people on my weird obsessions? Because there's someone who does it for pleasure? That's your radio, you're, ready, I, agree that once weird I guess that's a really good question. I, don't know huh well, I'm glad your dog. What did they do at the vet? How did they they put him? They put him on an IV the game, some antibiotics. We have some antibiotics for him still. They gave us to take home, but yeah he's that was very scary. He's okay, now he's okay! Now yeah! Thankfully, that's good! That's great! We have to protect our animals yeah. It was so scary because, like his gums went pale and but he's happy-go-lucky he's good everything. Thankfully good you know we're monitoring where he walks now and [. __ ] he's [ __, ] bees, [ __ ] suck. Why they gotta sting everything just mind your own business, bro knowns good deal bees and ticks. Why do oh yeah? We keep getting ticks on our dogs. It's driving me crazy. I mean they're, not deadly, but they're. [, __, ], disgusting and I'm really glad that Lyme disease is I was really worried about Lyme disease until I learned. It's mostly an East Coast thing, that's very rare out here and in this part of the country, so I'm less worried about the Lyme disease, but I find them on one of the dogs like every week, and it's just so disgusting yeah. It's really hard to get it out, because the dogs will fight us, try to get it out and they leave these huge welts where they remove like huge scars. It's just it's horrible anyway, um I'm. Sorry to hear about that. Zak I'm glad your dog is doing well. You gotta watch out for the dead bees too, because they still have the stingers [ __ ] those bees. Man ian, is in anything else, you're doing good you're, not feeling well, but you've got a big, beautiful house, Dan doing great, not home, not homeless. Yes, all righty, then that's the show we will be back next week. We've got a ton of topics to talk about, but there was just so much to fit into this episode stay tuned baby. This is the HP podcast. We ain't going nowhere right! You are that's right. We ain't going nowhere son, even if, even if you know it's funny, everybody Circle Jerks- about how shitty our podcast is like of all these commentary channels. I mean people are watching. There are people watching right now. Those are fake of you. Look I! Don't like these people. Clearly, don't even watch I mean podcasts are by nature, low effort right, I think we put I, think we we work for people assume that we don't do any work. We work pretty hard on there's this three guys full-time working on this podcast. When we work a lot on this show may not show, but we do you know all right. Thank you guys for watching. We love you. We appreciate you hop on over to Twitter get some free money to help you in these tough times. I, don't know, won't get that hundred from Papa, but until then we're still given three winners per day. It's a his s, a producer I, don't think he has a producer. His guy texts me good. Oh, he did hey. Let's work out the logistics of how to do that. So it's happening yeah! That's super cool! All right guys, we'll see you next week. We appreciate you, we love you and uh adios until next time, [Music].