Two welcome everybody to the h3 podcast um. This is where we come to learn and grow. You know we are casting off negative energies and embracing the positive energies that are in the world like a dream catcher for life. That's what I'm calling the h3 podcast, now good vibes, only right ela! Why? Why are you so offended at the thought of good vibe, a dream? Catcher yeah dream catchers? They they catch bad dreams. You only have good dreams, so I have a dream: catcher for good vibes. What I never liked those yeah- I don't like them either. To be honest, today's episode is sponsored by expressvpn, god bless them and just a quick announcement, the teddy fresh x, spongebob, the collaboration that took the universe by storm is back online at teddyfresh.com. Today we are joined by the I I tend to say prolific, but you're definitely not prolific, but you are you do what you do is great, although there's not many of it, I think you're getting a lot better with those intros. Well, thank you very much great, it's better than prolific. I think. Last time you said something about uh. I think luke skywalker or something like that at some point, I think I think great is just take that just simple and to the point. What does, of course, is idubbbz who has um among many other videos, but today has released his second feature length documentary called the ice cream man about to know that? Oh no, the ice cream man you're, not saying you know you had a problem with uh oliver tree last time, where you're wanting to overstate words for his like song, yeah. I think that's a habit of you, so yeah um. What was the name of the song that you were trying to change? You were trying to tell them. Tell them. Don't let me down yeah yeah, yeah you're right, maybe the you you you, you artistic types like to reduce the the words yeah. It just flows off the tongue, a little bit better ice cream. Man is the name of his new video out right now about the the uh dax flame. How would you describe dax flame ian? You know him better than I yeah. I mean he's a little bit socially awkward, but also not uh. I think he's a bit of an oxymoron, a lot of the comments that I'm saying is like whoa he's so introverted, but also he's really extroverted. What's the deal with that, so I think that's a pretty good way. To sum him up like interesting, you know he's an actor he's an artist he's comedian. So he's like doing all these very like you know outgoing activities and uh you know, but that clashes, I think, with his sort of more natural personality, which is he's a guy who's, just a little bit shy a little bit awkward but yeah um. When you sent me the unlisted link, I immediately noted I was like dude. You have copyrighted music in here. What's the deal with that, are you crazy like? What are you crazy and you told me you had actually gone to a publishing company and licensed the music for quite a bit of money. I would say you know for for a song in a youtube video, but you were having technical issues yesterday when the video was supposed to go up. Was it related to that? Yes, it was it was it was. I don't know everyone has the has. Every youtuber has the problem with like specifically audio more specifically music, getting copyrighted and like it just felt like a good opportunity to experiment to see if it's like a like uh, something that we can do in the future uh. You know if it's not too much money, it's sort of hard. If you ask the average person, how much do you think it costs to license a a piece of music like? I don't think anyone could really even ballpark what it is, because it's so subjective like? Are you a person with money? Because then, who knows how like infinite the amount they could charge? You would go, but I you know it seemed pretty pretty reasonable at the start, but then things got more and more complicated and we realized that it's just like this time. It wasn't worth the effort. We went through a lot of the effort, but in the end we just replaced it with like just some royalty free where you did yeah oh no way. Yeah. Originally we were gonna use, uh, california dreaming we were like. Oh, this is the perfect song for the intro, really artistic, really nice um, but it's like it's such a [, __ ] web of like who owns what there's going to be like maybe 10 different people who own the rights to a single song and a single song is, is broken up into different categories. Maybe it's uh the lyrical portion, the master, license the instrumental all these different things. So it's just it's a lot harder than you'd think I think it's a much better idea if you're trying to use good music on youtube to just contact an artist directly and uh and use their work or try to get permission. Are you comfortable saying how much you you were prepared to pay for these songs yeah? So for california dreaming like it was it's a [, __ ], good song, super popular yeah. I would have been willing to pay probably up to 15 grand on it. Wow uh. But again it's it's! It's all relative right! So like did you and you never got it, how long? No they they they never even really like responded. So, that's why you know movies and tv shows and all these big networks they have like whole departments just for actually licensing. It's it's a [, __ ] nightmare. You can't do anything, but then, ultimately, what what will happen is like? You ended up paying to license a song or you were planning to, and then they claimed your [ __ ] video right right. So we what we had to do is we had to nix the california dreaming idea. So we went to uh sort of a a a song that they were confident. They had the rights to use um and it wasn't as good, but we were like this is a good experiment. We upload the video instantly claim. Yes, I kept pounding them beforehand like is this gonna get claimed if it gets claimed? I need it to disappear. Real, quick yeah they just like it's. This weird divide where it's like it seems like it's uh, like old hollywood and a bunch of [ __, ], antiquated people who get the licensing rights to these songs. But youtube is you know so so new and fresh that they're they're clueless on how to like navigate how to get rid of a claim or anything like that, and it's like a week-long process. The truth is that guy who's licensing, it probably doesn't even know the guy, on the left hand, who's in a claim farm somewhere in india or or wherever yeah yeah. That's what they are they're straight up claim farms. They have bounties on channels like I've. I've literally heard this from people inside youtube there. There are claim farms where people are paid bounties to watch channels and find any copyrighted music in it, and so they get a commission on every video they're able to claim yeah. It's fun, yeah, it's crazy. So there you go well. It was worth the shot, but um on that note, though, I also noticed just in general, the production quality seemed really well made nice talking over your mic, [Laughter] [Music]. We got an extra cameraman this time uh my buddy ben was doing a lot of uh secondary filming, so we were just trying to it looked really good. I liked that stuff. Yeah, it was great, it was very polished. Yeah. Is this the new interest of yours, the documentary, because I've noticed they're basically encrypt me if I'm wrong, it seems that you've pivoted away from the content cop and towards the document, the docu-series yeah I mean I I'm getting old. I know you're, not. I feel that my my interests are changing just a little bit. Yes, I'm not going to say that content cop's gone, but maybe there are some things, but it's not about me. Is it I've been recommended from quite a few people yeah. I know yeah yeah. That would have been a good one. Yeah uh. Would you do content cop on cups? Oh [, __, ], that's crazy, dude. What a crazy idea you should put on the content cop uniform or go to a police station and [ __ ] with that would be fun yeah. I like that idea um. So there is a content cop that you are maybe working on or mulling. Well, I'm not going to say that, because it's not I mean it's definitely just like you have people in the crosshair. No! No! No! No! You don't even have, I think in general, it's more ideas in the crosshair rather than people um. So let me write institutions- perhaps oh the police. Oh no, I'm not content copying the police, I'm not going to do that. Maybe maybe I do like the idea of going to the precinct and whipping my dick out. You might get killed if you show up in a uniform and start [ __ ] them. I think, there's a high chance of being murdered um. Well, I do find that the comment you made about you getting older and you're interest changing is interesting because I've kind of gone through the same thing where you know from my from my perspective. You have you know it. When you're constantly like looking for people to go after and um, you know you're constantly criticizing people for all this, and that I mean you know as you get older, these things start to become a little more trivial, and maybe it's not the kind of energy you want to be putting out into the world is that is that kind of where you're at when you say that uh for sure it it comes across as especially when you give it more time to to sit on it and uh yeah. I just I don't know it's it. It really isn't. Let's put it this way, it really isn't difficult to make a commentary. Video anyone can sit down and criticize someone else, and I think it just like it's it's becoming a little tired for me uh. If, if other people want to do it, I think there's a place for it, but it's just becoming you know I've done enough of it. I think uh, you know. If I do more, I think it just needs to have a little bit more of a purpose or a point behind it. Rather than just you know, let's make fun of this guy for his lack of a chin right, yeah yeah. No, I feel that um. No, I went through the same thing. You know it's like the the format itself has become, first of all so prevalent on youtube that uh. It's really! You know it's like by the time. Yeah! That's how I feel too. I don't know how better to put it yeah, but but on the contrast of the content cop, I feel like the docu-series is almost the antithesis of the content cop, but instead of you know criticizing people, you are finding people who uh kind of you know living in the shadows of youtube a little bit and and rising them up. Do you feel that that is maybe the the are you intentionally trying to do something like that with your docu-series yeah? I I don't think, there's uh any I'm not like actively choosing to like be less negative or uh. You know bring people up. I don't think it's an active choice, but it's like, I think, by nature. When you go and meet people uh, you form a connection, and things in general are just going to be a lot more positive. When you actually have a connection with someone uh personal connection, you meet them. You know and that's I think, that's in general, why a lot of you know uh commentary, videos will come out and blow up is because it's uh, it's you know. If I I'm certain, if I you know, met some of the people that I've made videos on in the past. If I met them in person first, there would probably be sort of a diminishing motivation to make a video about them, because you're not going to see this weird persona that they put out there you're going to see something a little bit more real, something a little bit more human, more complex, yeah. You know these. These two characters, like you did your first one was on airsoft fatty and your second one I was on dax flame. I mean these are dudes, who probably catch a lot of [ __ ] on the internet, from people who don't understand them right. So I find it interesting that um, you know you're going out there and meeting them and then all of a sudden these guys are portrayed as these celebrated great you know very, very sweet individuals, and I wonder if uh yeah it feels very fresh. It feels very different from what's on the youtube landscape. So I appreciate that you know that perspective yeah. Thank you. I yeah we, they definitely have. You know their own like set of fans and everything I think like with with dax. As an example like, I definitely went into it because when you're, when you're creating one of these videos, you sort of want to have a goal, you don't really want to go into it blind because it's like well. What do we make this video about? Like you, can't just follow someone around and be like yeah. Do your normal routine? You got to have like an event or a purpose um. So like with people like dax, I think I went into it. Thinking yeah this guy's awkward, let's [, __ ] it, let's [ __ ] with him. You know there's a few awkward questions that I don't think made the cut. It was just me trying to poke and pry thinking. Like he's awkward, let me ask him some uncomfortable questions to make it even weirder, but then I realized, like, as time went on like that's like the opposite approach that you should be taking. You should be, I think, feeding into what the particular person is comfortable with, because when they're more comfortable they're a lot more willing to like put themselves out there and express themselves in an interesting way, rather than just like you know, beating your head against a wall trying to make the funny thing happen right, right, right, how's, everything with um your girlfriend anissa. Now that kovit has slammed the world she's stuck in canada. It's crazy that here in america we are. We have failed to contain the virus, to the point where canada has closed. The border on plague, written america, and so your girlfriend is stuck in canada. Right is that the current situation? Yeah- and let me just say the canadians better, be very scared, because I'm coming up with a 250-page common-law marriage dossier to present to the customs officials, so that I could go to canada really you're going to present it yes to border control, yeah and and they're gonna. Let me through and I'm gonna bring the covid with me. [ __ ], it yeah [, __, ] them sorry, canada, you're screwed! Are you being careful? How how are you existing in the colvid world um? What's your opinion on all this nonsense madness? You know me, man anti-master, all the way, yeah, no, not actually yeah. I know that make that clear, not at all even remotely uh yeah. I mean it's very easy. I I talked to um the my my friend dane, who uh filmed the documentary and edited it he uh. He was saying how it feels very normal to him this covid stuff, because he doesn't get a house all that often anyway. So it's kind of ridiculous hearing. Some people like complaining about not being able to go, see friends and go to the bar and he's like what the hell and I feel, kind of the same. It's like yeah. What am I leaving the house for anyone? Do you go grocery shopping yeah, so you put on a mask when you go to the grocery store? Oh yeah, I'm only in 95 up how how paranoid do you feel when you're at the grocery store on a scale of one to ten paranoid yeah I mean maybe a three, a three yeah that seems a healthy amount. I think it's mainly like the touching things, because you can get really into this ocd mentality of like right, where it's like. Okay, there's the carts, there's credit card reader, there's all these items and objects to touch on the shelves. So it's like it. You can kind of overthink. It there's like a lot of like viral things, of like plastic over a credit card keypad or something- and it's like. What's the point of putting the plastic on there, you're just still touching it and other people are touching it. So it's like. I think it's that idea where it's like well yeah, what isn't being touched? Do you carry around hand sanitizer with you uh? I did for a while. I ran out recently and I just assumed that yeah, I'm not gonna, be able to find more. I bought, I actually found something we just found some. I think it just became available on amazon yeah. I think they're using some real [ __ ] smelling uh hand sanitizer. Now, though, they're using like something other than isopropyl alcohol, oh for real yeah, it smells a little funky. We got one, that's super thick and it's like really gross. I was at the gas station, I don't know what's in it. Well, because I went to the gas station. I went to the clerk I was like hey. Do you guys have sanitizer expecting him to say? No, because this was like peak madness and he goes yeah. I got this and he reaches behind the counter, and he just gives me like what looks like a bottle of sunscreen clear, a label- that's in spanish and then but there's no. You can't like turn it over and squeeze it. It's like got a top like a like a bottle of water and a huge. So you got it so you just gotta like squeeze it right out. I would have never expected like bootleg sanitizer. I was like you know what, but whenever I use it, there's like a really thick layer on my hands that does not go away. Yeah. I don't think that's the real deal. In fact, I'd be surprised if it kills. The virus. [Music] sounds like the dried semen um, but I did go on amazon. You know and we bought. I think we got ripped off. I think they are upselling a little bit. Yeah amazon's, like you, can't charge times 20. You can only charge charge times three, so we ended up spending like 200 on like a crate of hand sanitizer, but um. It smells great. They made it with alloy. So there you have it people alloy yeah alloy. It smells great, no uh, no, not alloy, hello, hello e! It's pronounced aloe yeah! Oh that doesn't sound right. I could spell it a-l-o-e that is it alo. English is your first language ethan, supposedly some people say my first language is uh, comedy [Laughter] yeah I've told people that yeah my first language is comedy. Well, how? How are your fans reacting to kind of? I think a lot of the you know your rise to fame was during your time. The content cops were like, remember, not rise to fame, but like a lot of growth, yeah uh during that time, that's fair! So are you experiencing any kind of kickback from fans who are like [, __, ], documentaries and fear and good vibes? I want idubbbz [ __ ] on people. You get that uh! No, like it's one of those things where it's like. I think it's pretty. I think the the simp debacle has really helped that where it's like I'm, I'm purging sort of inadvertently a portion of my audience that really wants to see me go for the throat. You know um content, cop, your own girlfriend, bro yeah, exactly can you? Can you explain the simp phenomenon? Explain it I mean I, I can tell you that it was like my video was uh either really well timed or really poorly timed. I don't depending on your perspective, or I mean more specifically, why are people calling you a simp, I mean yeah. I just wanted to set it up for the audience. Obviously I know why I mean we've also talked about it well, by the way guys, I want to make it clear: I'm not upset with ethan right now yeah. Why are we fighting friendly? Okay, okay, you just you just prevented like five videos. Thank you ian. I appreciate that yeah no people are [ __, ] stupid. We just spawned 20 video essays, um yeah, no ian's girlfriend made a only fans which is, I guess, does she even do nudes on only fans, it's more like more? No, no! It's I mean the reason sexy photos sexy photos. I guess right. It's! It's super easy to justify when you're like yeah like this is the [ __ ] girls are doing on instagram and no one's whining and bitching and moaning over that yeah. But as soon as you start taking people's money for that content, it's like! Oh that's! That's too much. I expect girls to show me their sh junk for free yeah or up in a sense. No, I actually so it does seem to me that a lot of people who are criticizing it are are people who you know are just happy to find an opening to criticize you, because for the longest time I feel like you know, there was never really a [ __ ] in your armor and that you were always very careful with your. Why are you smiling? No reason I I mean I'm smiling because I I agree yeah yeah, but I think like there's like these con, these commentary, people right who are just looking for content they're like piranhas anywhere they can get it and then all of a sudden, you see an opening on like uh idubbbz, who's kind of the the great uh criticizer who who is beyond criticism and then all of a sudden, it's a great headline. I don't think anyone's actually offended by the fact that your girlfriend, it hasn't only fans. I think that it's just they see an opportunity for a for a video yeah. I think you're exactly right, I mean, and it kind of shows in, like the I think, the the people in general who who did get upset or did make videos about it, it's kind of like uh. I don't know like the people who are like actually critical of it like they're, not really in a mainstream sphere. They have their. You know uh soapbox, that they're speaking on to their particular audience, but I think it's it's actually super positive that it ended up this way, because I think, for a long time when I'd have a uh, you know first interaction with someone meeting someone for the first time. I think a lot of people sort of expected me to like immediately roast them to do a content comp on them, people just being nervous. Like oh yeah, you know they see me in the videos being an [ __ ], and it's like that must be him in real, taking notes on me, yeah yeah, so it's it really is a positive thing to to. I guess in a way take this hit to make me humanize. You know maybe yeah exactly it humanizes me and makes people real realize that you know I'm just like them. You know I'm not it's not funny, because you're actually, like kind of the opposite of that in person like I think it's a softy you're a really nice person yeah. You know I would say that's what the image they have of you yeah right, it's like, especially with the videos that got popular. It's like I genuinely you know, got [ __, ] roid raged when talking about like keemstar, whoever else, because you know it, it made me net mad, and you know when you see, I think people who have that uh uh who who that's like their main form of content, is like just kind of dogging other people or they got. You know well known for it that definitely, I think, solidifies what you think their personality is yeah. You know it's funny when we went to creator youtube's creator summit, where they invite a bunch of creators out to new york. That was a wh. How long ago was that a few years, probably um, almost four years or three, I don't know I might be making it yeah, maybe you're right anyway, I went out there and met a bunch of creators and we never really rubbed shoulders with creators before- and I heard this so many times the whole time they're like you're, so not what I expected right, I'm like dude, I'm not like on I'm, not here, yeah yeah. I heard that all the time- and I find it like I'm just surprised how many people are even comfortable saying that I think it's just their gut reaction. It's just, but it just overwhelms them every time. They see me that I'm just not what they expected not anymore, though right like that. That was probably why I don't. I don't meet anybody anymore, but I don't think any people wouldn't say that about me now, yeah yeah. I think it's the same fact as ian with the content cops, because at the time we were doing mostly reaction. Videos, yes, well, I think uh uh in the documentary tay zande actually made a really good point. I think about that, where it's like there's this expectation that you kind of have a bit of a persona, and that is very true, I think for youtubers, where you can kind of make a video edit out all the parts that make you look human and put it on the internet, and I think you know if any of these youtubers, if I decided to you, know, live stream tomorrow or something like that, where you saw a more uncut version of me um, then you would probably get a you know a more well-rounded idea of the type of person I am uh, you know for better or worse, you know. That's kind of what always interests me about the podcast is that for the longest time we have these perfectly manicured videos where you can portray yourself in the best possible light. However, you want, you have the best perfect, take you say everything perfectly, but then like we did. Our show live for like two years. You know, and for me that was like the biggest challenge imaginable, to move from these perfectly manicured videos to doing a live stream for two hours and to me I personally thought that you know I was being more authentic and expressing my true, authentic self, but um. I think it's a little bit tragic that um. You know when you attempt to do that, you you remove some of the context that you can maybe add in in a post-production or anything else. You can do a lot. People, people don't for some reason. People don't give the benefit of the doubt in this case, where, like I think, for a lot of people, they just they sif a lot of people sift through the content. Looking for you know to make a thesis about me and yeah, it was just I don't know in the end it was, it was just it may be too vulnerable. I guess I don't know what to say, because a lot of people started hating me I feel like since we started doing the podcast live like just specifically the live aspect. You know and there's there are definitely times when I would look back and be like. I wish I could have edited that and said it and re-shot it or done that differently, but you know that's kind of the nature of the piece right, so I don't know I don't regret it, but uh, I'm kind of glad. It's not live anymore, yeah because absolutely I just said the n word like 20 times when I was super. We cut that out right. That comment in your documentary was the one that really stood out to me about how it's it's funny to think that in the beginning of youtube, it was even more extreme where people would be completely disappointed to find out that you're different in person and that like what's portrayed in the video, is not exactly a hundred percent. What's what you are in your life where, like today, they people expect it more. They have a better understanding. Yeah like you, the video version of you is probably a little more exaggerated and stuff yeah. I thought that was a very interesting yeah. It was interesting, especially in regards to dax flame, because of how he's such a mystery yeah they uh. They definitely have like it's it's it's interesting to know that they do that. To like, like you guys, are, I think, pretty protected by like or you know, all youtubers are protected by being able to edit their videos and whatnot and be able to portray what they're putting out there, but to think that there is this section of hollywood k-pop stars musicians, whoever they have it to the nth degree where they have like agents and pr people actively like editing their life as their life is happening, which is just super [ __ ]. They have a real handle. I mean look at someone like tom cruise right that dude has like 20 handlers with him at all times yeah. I just saw this one uh of [ __ ], gordon ramsay, like going off on sofia vergara on like a late night show. He was like poking her and doing a lot of like sexual innuendo, [ __ ], and it was like holy [ __ ] like I. I can't believe that he, he, I guess got this far like since then I guess his personality's been reeled in all right. Let's go to a quick break and uh. We will be right back with the not prolific but excellent, he's very nice, very nice individual, very interesting as well. Hi dubs have you ever watched the office. If you have, you probably know it's based on the uk series also called the office, but what, if I told you, there are nine other countries with their own version of the office that you've never seen I'd be shocked. Well, you probably didn't know about them, because they're not usually available in your country, but you can access content available around the world with no geo restriction when you use expressvpn. That is crazy. I didn't know that there was all these episodes or they see other shootoffs of the office. That's amazing, expressvpn lets you control. Where you want sites to think you're located, you can choose from nearly 100 different countries, giving you access to content that isn't available in your region. If you like, watching, shows or movies expressvpn is a must-have for less than seven dollars a month. Expressvpn lets you access. Thousands of new shows movies on netflix, amazon, prime disney, plus and tons of other streaming services. It's a no-brainer and look. I know you all got tons of time on your hand with covid you're stuck at home. You've already watched everything on netflix, see. What's on in netflix, uh, japan, for example, you know, and it couldn't be easier to use just fire up the expressvpn app on your computer or tv select, a location and hit connect. Expressvpn is also incredibly fast. It doesn't slow down your connection. You can stream content in hd quality, with no issues at all so get the most out of your streaming services today at expressvpn.com h3. If you use our link, you'll get an extra three months free of expressvpn. Again, that's expressvpn.com, h3, expressvpn.com h3. Please support our sponsors. Thank you to expressvpn. God bless teddy fresh x, spongebob squarepants is back by popular demand. It is now live on our website at teddyfresh.com. We've got the old and the new this classic uh teddy fresh spongebob hoodie is back and we've got new colors as well. An aqua and shady cove. Look at this beautiful embroidery here gorgeous. Oh my goodness. Oh oh, oh, oh you love it. You love it. You love it! That's the hoodie! Let's go back. You've also got the uh embroidered hoodie, which is classic. You know you can't go wrong with that, and all these beautiful colors you got purple crystal waters. Coral all water, themed names, of course, because you know how we do it. This is a really beautiful item. The shirt quality is amazing. You've got the teddy fresh friends spongebob plus we need to name our bear ela. Don't do you think we need to name our teddy fresh bear. I never thought about that. What's his name, I wonder jeremiah jeremiah was a bear. Oh I just got claimed uh uh. We got the embroidered tea, we got the patch tee. Forget it forget it. We got the long sleeves, the beanie, the hat. You know the drill, um really great items exclusively at teddyfresh.com. That's it guys uh. Thank you for watching. Let's get right back into it, we are back with idubbbz items. Let me ask you something: um the whole simp thing was like the first time you were on the receiving end of catching [, __ ] on the internet. How did it feel to kind of be on that end of the uh, the old [ __ ] gun it? It hurt. It hurt me it's the worst. Isn't it well, I think you're being sarcastic, but no, no, I'm not sarcastic see. That's part of the problem is without this. People would just think I'm I'm above it and all that no it hurt. I'm human. It hurt me hurt my feelings to hear people say things like simp cuck, [, __ ]. Well, it's not so much that what they say. It's like just the net, the the scope of negativity aimed at you. You, you feel that you know you can't just dodge and also I can't. I can only imagine that as a couple too, it must be difficult to both get it and then, as a couple you know it's like a lot, I'm certain you guys yeah would understand it. I think it's brought us like a lot closer together, because it's like we're in this together yeah, you know when, when [ __ ] hits the fan, it's like yeah, you don't really have anyone to rely on you're not going to get fulfillment by reading comments, you're going to get it by from each other yeah. So yeah I mean it's, it's only strength in the relationship um, apart from her being in canada right now, but uh, it's it's overall, a good thing. You know it's not uh, it's not negative! I think everyone needs to every content. Creator needs to experience some of this during their career because it's important it gives you perspective on what it feels like whether or not you want to engage in it when it happens. You know if, if someone's getting dogged on like you're, gonna, you're gonna think twice if you've experienced it before. So it's important, I think, for everyone to get a taste of it. I'm perfect, I'm I'm more than happy that this was my controversy. Well, you didn't really do anything that was kind of the thing that stopped me right, which is why I'm like I'm I'm cool with it. You know, but I I was kind of I won't say I was shocked that it became a thing because knowing the internet, I wasn't surprised, but people somehow found a way to make it seem like you did something wrong when you literally did nothing. So I found that whole thing kind of perplexing it frustrated me. Did you? Were you frustrated by you're like what exactly am I being criticized for um? I think the only frustrating thing was when people couldn't read between the lines in like previous videos. I think a lot of people would. I made a green screen comp compilation of me basically saying look at this [ __ ], look at this [ __ ] and all this [ __ ] and like people were using that some people, not everyone, were using that, as like evidence of me being hypocritical. As if that's even too much of a bad thing- uh- that's literally everyone, but they were using that as some kind of evidence, and I'm like that, like that was a joke. I wasn't like. I was saying look at this horror to a greens. Nobody yeah, you could put yourself or your grandmother up on that green screen and that's that changes the context or a hot dog whatever you want, yeah yeah. So that's a good point. It's just that frustration. I think I think some people also watch like the uh tana mojo content, comp and thought like he hates this type of person, so they they're lumping like a general type of person together where it's like the amount of times I've seen like the meme where it was like you were meant to destroy the simps, not join them. There's like like a [ __, ], uh, star wars, media yeah and I'm just like rolling my eyes like come on like what is this weird expectation like you were meant to destroy the sibs ian? You have lost your weapon, so no, I don't know where, in the charter of the formation of my channel, I said the purpose is to eliminate thoughts, [ __, ] and sims yeah. I find that interesting. It's almost like they're they're projecting their, but this whole thing is like so hateful towards women. Isn't it it's very strong, yeah and they're just projecting like their in-cell insole dumb on you yeah? I think the the misunderstanding comes in where, like a lot of people, think that, like what we're saying is that you need to be okay with it like you need to be okay with our relationship or whatever. It's like. No, it's perfectly fine. If you don't want that in your relationship, but like right, yeah, that's not what yeah what's being advocated. It's not saying this should be the new world order. Yeah every person's wife should be on only things right, like I'm, okay, with elo doing only fans. I think we'd make a lot of supplementary. You said you weren't, I'm, okay with you, bang on only fence who do you think would get more near you well as soon as he thought of the dollar signs he was like. Maybe it's not a terrible idea. We needed. We could supplement our income um yeah. Well, I mean that's it right. It's like in the in the context of most people talking about this. What I've noticed is a lot of people do these sort of like what would you do in this situation? And it's like it's really not important, because it's like that's not even in question. No one is talking about you or your relationship. That's the whole point. It's like we're! Fine with people not doing it. If you, if you value the money more than exposing more of your body to the internet, like then more power to you, that's great. I think that's what anisse and I value we're like. Oh yeah, we're fine with that and I've I've watched anisa's video about it about if she regrets it- and I thought it was really interesting that she said it's actually been really good for her, not only financially, which probably has been huge but um, even just for her own, like self-confidence and like being more just more out there and coming to all absolutely I can tell as if you know myself, I have a lot of insecurities, so I could understand what she was talking about and it sounds like it was really good for her. So that's, I think the number one thing that people sort of get wrong when they're talking about it- and I would say it's it's more likely than not guys or or not guys, a person who's in a relationship who feels like not fulfilled or like, like they're, not contributing their fair share or whatever the mentality is. I think a lot of people don't get that it's not it's not always about money like money's, nice, that's obviously part of the equation, but the other part of the equation is. I need something I want something anise's streaming. Wasn't going like that? Well, it's not a [ __ ] rocket ship. She needed to do something else and that's what she wanted to do and yeah you know it's it's more about purpose. A lot of people would say: idubbbz is a [ __, ] millionaire. He makes so much money. Why can't he like? That's sad, that's sad! If, if he, if he can't just pay for her life like what the [ __ ] it's, so that is not what it's about. I'm missing the point because she wants to be fulfilled and I totally get that and um like in our case, it's different because we started together the youtube channel, but even at a there was a point before we started teddy fresh, where ethan was actually doing most of it like he was doing the editing and he was in the videos and it felt like I wasn't pulling my weight and it was yeah. There was friction I felt so restless and like just not good about myself and it's like okay I'll do the dishes, because you know I might as well do something. But this is not my calling, you know and yeah no totally yeah, but a lot of people online would want your calling to be doing the dishes. Well, that's what I was going to say is that it's the same people who would say call you a simp like they don't they understand that a female relationship could couldn't be fulfilled by just being provided, but you know also what's funny if she wasn't like that- and she was just fine with using his money, they would call her a gold digger right and then she would be that person. I mean that was happening for you know. Basically, three years of our relationship is people saying that you're just doing this for clout and whatever else, and it's like, if you think, she's doing it for clout you're, sorely mistaken, because she hasn't seen a [ __ ] ounce of where's, like uh yeah, all I saw was only gone [ __, ], yeah tons and tons of [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah people are [, __, ], cruel man. It's probably probably wasn't been easy for her to be your girlfriend because up you know, because for this the express you know fact that people are are looking for ways to criticize you and I think, by proxy. A lot of people saw her as an opportunity to get at you absolutely yeah. No, I mean I've seen that over the years it's just like yeah, there's nothing with you. Let's attack your girlfriend kind of thing, and it's like I mean she makes it easy, because she live streams and she speaks her mind and [ __ ]. You guys would know that like well, the more like I I would be in the same [ __ ] situation guaranteed. If I had as much uh content out there online as anissa does, and everyone would be in the same position- yeah, because it's like you're just putting yourself out there day after day, entertaining people with zero cuts for hours on end right, you're, gonna, say stupid, [, __, ], all the time and by the way for you not to contradict yourself over the course of like let's say we were doing this podcast for over like three well over, maybe even four years now, we've been doing it. A lot of those years was live for, like this whole hip, the hypocrite label is somehow become like uh. It's too much of a throwaway yeah. It doesn't hold a lot of weight because it's like yeah like it's like they mean. Okay, no, you don't need salt, you don't even need to like um unpack that at all, it's just like you're a hypocrite. You that's like the worst insult you can lay against somebody on the internet for some reason yeah and how is it possible to not contradict yourself over four years of yeah? Well, even even as I'm having this, you know, conversation. I'm like I'm thinking back into the past at moments when I called other people hypocrites and I think one of the moments was in uh. I think this is maybe the only time in the keemstar content, cop um, and even that makes me like hesitate because to even talk about it in a more mature evolved way, because I'm, like some fucker's gonna, take that [ __ ] from that video and be like uh hypocrite. It's like what the [ __ ], yep, you're, absolutely right, yeah, it's an absolute minefield. Yeah it is man! That's why it's amazing that you've been beyond like beyond uh criticism for so long, but it's very [ __ ] easy to be without criticism. When you don't share anything about your life and you just you're very proud, that's kind of the only way to do it right, mm-hmm yeah! I could have avoided this whole thing. I could have broken up with my girlfriend like that's what a lot of people suggest right like. Oh, don't worry! You could solve this whole thing by just breaking up with her. Can you imagine what are you? What do you live in humans? Oh my god like, I wonder, would they be happy if you made a content cop on her when she announced the only fans I'm announcing today that I'm breaking up with my ex-girlfriend anissa, who is selling her body new video in one hour, like? Oh, my god, yeah dude, there's a lot of pissed off there's a lot of pissed off disenfranchised people on the internet yeah. I I do feel hopeful, though, because I think it's just uh. It's a lot of young people or a lot of people who are still you know finding themselves, yeah and figuring it out. You know I was you know making a lot of these content cops when I was basically, you know 20 25 years old uh, and it's like I mean that feels pretty late in life, but the age I'm at now, I'm like yeah. I was sort of an immature kid and a lot of the arguments really don't hold up over time and they might even not be you know worth making in the first place it's so I don't know with time all this is gonna, be pretty [ __ ], irrelevant yeah. That's for sure! That's for sure I try to. I try to bear that in mind as we go through [ __ ]. You know, especially on youtube. You go through so much drama and, like everything feels so so has so much gravity, but I mean the [ __ ] that we that people get upset about on the internet generally is just so so irrelevant in the scope of even five years or even less like two years. One year you know what I mean um, I want uh. I want like uh generations, past zoomer and millennial to to start populating places like twitter and stuff like that, because I feel like right now. We just have a very homogenous group on you know the youtube comment section on twitter and everything else. So as soon as you start like populating that, with this absolute [, __ ] mass of people who honestly don't give a [, __ ] uh, I I think you'd start hearing more uh, well-rounded opinions. I can't wait for that. The zoo the zoomers are like the younger generation right. Why are they called zoomers? They zoom around they [ __ ] run around. They have the zoomies. Have you not seen like a dog getting real excited to go to the park? Yeah? Oh, the zoomies right, isn't that I thought that was tippy taps happy feet or some [ __ ] yeah. So do you actually know what zoomer means? No, I thought it was just a younger generation like boomer zoomer, exactly well. It's generation z, oh okay. I like the zoomers. They seem like nicer, like they're all they're like inclusive and sweet, and they like seems like they like each other, more yeah, yeah, absolutely but they're also going to be the ones that [ __ ] cancel you right, that's true! Some of them I mean they're, they're sweet and it comes from a good place. Yeah. What they think is the right thing in a lot of cases. It is like morally or whatever, but it's not using the um. I don't know brevity is the right word, but like it's, it's not using the context or the you know the wisdom, they're lacking a little bit of the wisdom. You just got can't yourself, canceled dude yeah, you just got zoomed, I'm gonna get zoomed in they're, going to be saying that I'm they wouldn't call me gay zoom, shame say what they say: insensitive you're just exist. You are yeah, they could definitely say all those things about you yeah, so um. What else I mean you look great you've been exercising. You look really good. Yeah. Let's see it, kovid's been treating me well. You've been what kind of workouts you've been doing, lifting a lot of weight. Damn wow, I could probably dead, lift the whole klein family. You think so hell yeah. I doubt lifting like two uh 25. you're, not yeah, you. You can't even lift me. I hope my family well. To be fair. I make up 90 of the weight all right. Uh percent of the climate change yeah there you go so is the mustache here to stay. Is it a gag? Is it a goof? Why would you ask that? I think it looks good. I don't know uh. No. What do you yeah? What do you guys, honestly? Think be honest? I don't want to hear from everyone. I think it's zach. Sorry. I got this frog in my throat. I personally think that it suits you now, I'm not an advocate for a mustache for just anybody, but in the case of your face I think it suits you. Well, I I think generally, I'm not a fan in general like in my my first connotation of mustache is usually not good, but but looking at you right now, you look good, but you've had the mustache for a while. Haven't you yeah? It's not a new thing, no I'm not too new, but it is controversial. Yeah! Okay! I don't know why. I think there's just been too many creepy dads with mustache yeah, it's hard to make it. It needs a comeback. Um! All right! Okay, well, he's requested the opinions of the other of the others. So go ahead guys. I think it looks good. I've been choosing regrettable, facial hair, my whole life there's like a weird appeal to it, but it only you only see it in your own head and then everyone else. Like I see myself as like kratos, when I have a beard, then everyone else is like that's. Why do you have that correcto? I, like your buddy, it's good. I think most dudes with beards kind of picture them as themselves as kratos. Really I where what if I could never that he's the god of war, I agree with ian. I think it's rockstar, I think it's badass and I think you rock it zack yeah zach always has nice things to say. That's a zoomer. He always says nice. Is that a zoomer? I am a zoomer. Oh, so zoomers are the best yeah zoomers are nice wow just don't cross. There is hope, yeah. We should start doing the olympics, but divided divide people up not by nations, but by like generations, yeah yeah, the zoomers would be all nice and the boomers would be like you know when you see the soccer fans and they're drunk and fighting and they're flying confederate flags and [ __ ], and they won't be like team players too. No, it's bad over there in boomer of town yeah. Do you guys think we should uh? Oh dan? What do you think of it? I think it looks good. I I I've noticed uh. I don't know if you're the trendsetter here, but it's becoming uh I feel like mustaches, are coming back. I see a lot of people with them yeah and just in the last like I would say two years, it seems to there's a good mustache come back mark or maybe you're right. I think it's a group, think kind of thing. I think you could take full credit right. Mark rubio has one uh gus, gus, johnson and eddie yeah. Those two guys are both rocking the stash these days, it's kind of mustache, it's making a comeback. Yeah. You know what would make it look better is if you go back to the beats headphone haircut, what happened with the beats headphone haircut that never I was assuming. That was some part of some project. No, I just got the the beats, because I thought this would be a banger uh tweet, oh dude. I was hoping that being a video or something man, it was in a video but just sort of passing aside uh. It was pretty good man who did that. Just some barber, you just went, and they were like I'm up for that, because when I generally just show up at barbers they're, not that good yeah I mean I, I told them what I wanted and it was super [ __, ] awkward. He he was like the new guy kind of thing and, like I think he thought his barber homies were like pranking him or whatever barbara prank cause yeah. It was just me and I showed him this picture of the the beats haircut and I was just like uh give me this or whatever the meme saying is um and uh. He did it. He. I think he used like a he pulled, like a top of like a spray can or a like a hairspray cap to make the uh the headphone part. So he was like shaking around that's really good. That's bro! He pulled out all the stops. Did he get a nice tip? Uh yeah, you got a nice tip good. I just want to make sure big tip. Well, we actually have um dax flame, which is: is there anything else? We need to discuss ian yeah, one more thing: uh, I'm raising chickens. I got a family of three chickens: they're beautiful they got nice shiny coats, they're losing a little bit of feathers around their necks. I'm not sure what that's due to. I think it might be mites. So I got some poultry dust. That's apparently really good for warding off mites and other things and they're great they're, [, __ ] out like five or six eggs a day, or at least feels that really it's a lot like five or six birds or between them between them. Okay, that's a lot of eggs, my goodness yeah! I can't keep up with them. So I'm trying, if anyone's, got, suggestions for what I can do with these eggs. I can send you guys, eggs. I don't know how they're gonna hold up in the mail. You can make a quiche yeah we've been making quiche a lot. I love the quiche, it's really good. You know what I've been doing. Take like broccoli or spinach cook it down with some oil and then you take like eight eggs. Put it in a uh. What do you call that dish? It's like a baking dish. Really it's just like a glass right right, souffle dish. I don't know no, what flavor! Why are you so offended by that? It might be something. What are you stupid? Are you stupid? Where'd, you come up with souffle israel. Souffle is a dessert yeah, but in america no it's not. It's not yeah, but I thought souffle was a dessert yeah. I still think of it as a dessert, but it, but I see I think it's a souffle or similar google super please after I offended you so much, is it a pyrex? Yes, spirex souffle dish, let's see what that comes up. Hang on! Okay, okay, so english is my first language. Stop you know fine, I know. Eli doesn't make any mistakes. I mean god yeah over okay, here hold on. While we're criticized saying: oh ethan, this is my first language. What do you call that dessert in hebrew? Souffle? Okay, so there you go, you see so like we're on the same footing, ethan. What what if you did like uh like a bit on the show where it was like not like a spelling bee but like a pronouncing bee or like a that's kind of funny, where you maybe compete against like a fan or something like that, you bring people in so test your knowledge on words. So, like I like that, the guys the guys would prepare like a kind of pronunciation, yeah and definition I mean yeah, I feel like I okay, I mean I think I would I mean. I think you guys think that would be funny. I think I would do better than you think. I think it's funny it is funny or we can try and spell the words. The way ethan thinks the words are meant to be pronounced. I think you just have a talent of mixing it up. You're, actually really smart, it's okay! Now, I'm really smart! You are it's not related. Well, I am, I am mildly dyslexic. So, but it's kind of funny it's, but I can't believe it. It really is funny, especially when you make it the point. It's the whole point of the show to do it. It's because it's distracting when you just sort of casually say yeah, it's got alloy in it and I'm saying yeah you want to be the first contestant yeah, we'll have to call it um I'll I'll, be the nick cannon I'll judge it or host it. You want to be like nick cannon yeah, oh wait! No nick hannah's kansas can't be nick. You don't want me like nick cannon, like give me the cannon, we shot nick cannon out of a cannon, we said tata. No, what were we talking about? Take the eggs crack them in a dish, a bake, safe dish, whatever you want to call it and get a shitload of cheese. I mean like a [ __ ] like way more than you think that you would need and then double it, and then you take the broccoli and the spinach cooked you put it in the egg and with the cheese you bake it at 350 until the top is like a little crispy, and I'm telling you dude that [ __ ] is fire, you don't it that's it. It's the best, three simple ingredients. So there you go. That's my suggestion. Okay I'll I'm! I might do that. The cheese thing sounds a bit dangerous. You have to do. Are you lactose intolerant uh? No, but just like that quantity of cheese just seems not like uh, not good, I'm trying to cut and trying to bulk up I'm well, it's a [ __ ] load of protein bro. Oh, I mean, I think, yeah you can do a little bit of cheese. No, it needs cheese. I'm just telling you all right I'll douse in cheese, fine! No, it needs a lot of cheese. Otherwise it's just like a ton of egg and vegetables, and it's just like what am I doing here. It needs the cheese right awesome all right enough of that, but yeah. I just want to talk about the chickens. That's it so. Okay, you're just wondering what to do with the eggs yeah yeah. Well, I worked cleared up. I think I I got it all off my chest. What do you feed that chickens? How much? How much maintenance do chickens require? Oh, not too much I like letting them out of their coop once every a couple of days. Let them roam in the backyard for a day. Let them pick things out of the yard. They're they're, cool, they're kind of, like william osman, said they're kind of like insects, and I kind of agree with that assessment. They're really quite stupid, because you think a birds are like they're smart, like parrots and all these things they talk, but chickens are really quite stupid. Problem solvers they uh they're, not quite like dogs, but you shake like a bag of mealworms or something they'll come running up, it'll feel like they're a dog, but then you realize, if there's like any like little barrier between you and them they can't navigate. They won't get to you they're yeah, and you don't feel like bonding bonded with them. They're too stupid to bond with yeah too dumb. I open my arms for to have them come in and give me like a hug or like rest, their naked necks on mine, but they don't do it they're, just like pecking at my hands pecking at my feet like are you made of food, and would you feel bad at any point to slaughter them? For, for me? Oh not at all. I wouldn't yeah. I've considered it a couple times because I'm like they're just a bit of a hassle, would you kill them yourself, uh and probably not you would take them I'd, send them to a farm or something that's interesting that you're you you're so unbonded with them. So yeah yeah, I mean they're, but that's it I mean back in the day. You know yeah people well people slaughter, like really smart animals. You know. So is this a covey thing you just wanted to have like eggs uh? No, it just happened to correspond with covet. It was just a weird little coincidence. Let me ask you this to the value of the eggs like monetary value. How does the monetary value the eggs compare to the amount of money you spend on the chickens? Do you think you're making money? I think it's probably a wash um uh. The coupe is obviously like a big upfront expense. If we eliminate that pretend that that's not part of it, it's like you're, maybe paying a little bit more than you would uh at the store. However, it's it's pretty cruelty free and I'm actually kind of uncertain. Why um some vegans are like uh a bit upset, I think, with the prospect of uh raising your own chickens, because you can make sure that they have plenty of space, yeah and and all that, but I think it's just the general concept of using animals as a resource period. Yeah, that's the problem, but it's super symbiotic. It's nice, interesting um and how are the egg how's the egg quality compared to what you find in the store? Oh, no, it's it's the same. It's the same. Everyone that you talk about, like is gonna, be like. Oh, my gosh, you've. Never tasted anything as good as a home-grown egg. It tastes exactly the same [ __, ] yeah. Did they do they like uh cock-a-doodle-doo in the morning. I think that's a rooster yeah that would have to be a male version. Where are all the males by the way you don't have males? No, I don't think there's much of a reason to. I think you. If you have a lot, I think you want to have like one male rooster for a certain amount of females either to feel safe or something some [ __ ] like that. But I will say to the your point of cock-a-doodle doing in the morning they will make uh. I can only compare it to like someone blowing out a toilet when they're [ __ ] out their eggs. They make a lot of strained noises. Oh my god, [Music]. What time in the morning are we talking? I mean basically the time when you'd hear a rooster like that's 5 a.m: 6 uh! Seven a.m! I'd say: do you think your neighbors can hear your chickens, [, __, ] and eggs? Oh they they can yeah. Damn I'd be pissed about your neighbor like this [ __ ], you should offer them some eggs, yeah, that's true, um wow! That is very weird. I think that's cool! No, it's not weird! How dare you, but it's also weird it's a little a little weird, but I think it's cool too. I mean you connect with the you can be cool and weird right where it right in santa cruz. Everyone has a bumper sticker that says, keep santa cruz weird. There you go. I think everywhere that has graffiti has keep soon. So weird keep portland [ __ ] keep san francisco, not jen uh. What is it gentrified, whatever right right? What do they say about l.a? They say: keep l.a keep l.a yeah. Should I call him dax or madison? You can call him whatever you want. I think he he kind of enjoys getting a variety of comments. So let's figure it out. Let's navigate that space, we are going to bring on the the uh the subject ian's subject of his new documentary dax flame. He is the I want to say infamous really one of the early early, youtubers and uh people would say an enigma. I think people, the thing that you often hear about dax is people can't tell if he is doing a character or, if he's being genuinely himself, that's one of the fascinations with him, regardless he's a nice sweet guy from all I can tell, and I'm looking forward to talking to him so I'm gonna go take a quick, [, __ ] we're gonna, do a little cut and then we'll bring out dax okay. It was not necessary to say it well, I felt like just keeping everyone updated I'll, be right back well with us. We have dax flame, otherwise known as um madison or theodore, even uh, as according to your wikipedia page, a man of many names yeah. What do you prefer to go by or do you would not have a preference? Well, people tell me a little bit of everything, so I don't care, but it's usually dexter. No one calls me theory anymore, um, yeah, um, why dax flame? Where did that name come from uh uh, just like a 15 year, old's version of what I thought was cool at the time and then, if uh, that's just what I got famous with. So it's what I still go by, but at the time it was just what I thought was a cool name, obviously as a 28 year old. I don't like think the same, but I it's like my stage name now, because that's why I got credit as movies yeah well. To give to to give you credit, I think that my pseudonyms, that I was making at 15 years old were way less cool than that they were probably like uh, I'm trying to think of some of the dumb names I had in video games. You know what I'm talking about. Dildo saggins yeah is with me to this day, but I mean that's something that seems to be cool, that's just being movie right. That is just being goofy. No, what do you think about poop feast 420? That's my current uh tag, name on on my video games. Do you like poop feast 420, but it depends what you're going for yeah? I guess that's true um. How does it feel dax? I want to talk about the documentary you are the you are the subject of ian uh's new documentary. How do you feel being selected as the subject of a documentary lucky yeah, because because it was really fun to do got to make a game show that I've been dreaming of making, and I was thinking- maybe I would do a kickstarter for the game show at the time, but who knows if that would have gone through so to just be able to go make it was awesome, um and then now um. Can you still hear me if I'm like this? Yes um now, uh actually now um now everyone's watching it and it's been out for like two hours or something and getting so many views, which is crazy and my video is getting a lot more views than it ever gets. So that's really exciting. How did it feel watching the documentary the final product? It's really fun to watch um, it's really interesting to like, because you, like you know, you live your whole life and to have someone else summarize. Your life is interesting. You think you did a good job. You think he nailed you. Oh yeah, yeah uh, it's good! It's really good! Yeah um. Would you criticize it in front of him? [Laughter] uh? Oh no. What do you think dex? Let me ask you this: why do you think people are so confused about you because I'm sure the most common comment you get from everybody? Who knows you who meets you is I can't tell if you're being serious or if you're kidding? Why is it that you think people are so confused? I think just because probably I think, like 15 year old me was a lot more like wacky and like just manic and especially when I turned the camera on back. Then it's like you start to see that get attention, so I just would lean into that. So I think that that's like, like they just probably hadn't, seen someone like as similar to that, although I could used to get a lot of comments saying like oh there's, someone just like this at my school so yeah, I don't know so this story in your most popular video. You say you stole from your girl, uh the girl. You had a crush on you stole out of her bag. What was it the? What pencils, pencils and you broke all over some pencils yeah, so is that true, you stole stuff out of her bag yeah? Well it it's just like an awkward attempt at flirting that I try to avoid thinking about these days, but I'm open to talking about it with people, because I know they're interested in it, but because, when I, when I see that video, I tell myself there's no way this actually happened, but you stand by the fact that you did take stuff out of her purse for the purpose of flirting with her and being like hey look what I found yeah wow! Well, how did it come to fruition? Did you ever return the items to her uh? I think I think he put it back in the bag right in the store yeah. I I don't know if I ever took them yeah. I don't remember yeah, like I think I just snapped the pencils yeah and put it back and then maybe I took no no, but you had stuff with him. He was on his desk and he's like look at the stuff I took out of her bag. Some glasses yeah, maybe a rainbow. So did you ever return it to her anything? That said, I I don't know. I don't remember. I think I like maybe I was wearing the glasses the next day or something I don't know. Oh man, that's just it. I think. That's what makes it so interesting and confusing is because I think normally, people who are in your position, young and a little bit socially awkward, wouldn't then make a video presenting that concept to people, and I think the idea that just the fact that it shared makes it unbelievable. Well, I think, whenever you like are getting attention for something and like you're, getting a lot of positive feedback. It just makes you want to like like like do that, yeah yeah. Did you have like uh comedic influence at the time that you were looking up to comedians? I liked I liked like listening to stand-up, comedy and stuff um yeah yeah. I think I would just like listen to people on youtube. Um. I like jerry, seinfeld and uh love jerry sniffle. You like seinfeld the show I I don't watch that uh. I think I watched it once when I got my wisdom. Teeth out just happened what they made. You watch some [ __ ] when they're working on your teeth. No, whenever I had to take the painkillers for a couple days, they're just like all I could do is watch tv, and that was what was on okay. Let me ask you uh when you made that video and I'm sorry, I know this is old news right this this you probably talked about a million times, but I'm curious okay, you've made. When did you know that it was funny when you made this video about stealing stuff from the your the girl you liked to bag, or was it like a confession? What was the intention behind that video? I don't know. I think I was just feeling sort of uh hyped that day so I was like I was hyped on hyped on the girl hyped on having uh like a lot of views on youtube, probably- and I just remember, being really excited as I uploaded it. I was just like and excited to go back to school, the next day and stuff um, but yeah yeah. I think I always knew that uh. I I like I. I always got so many comments saying that stuff was funny so um I don't know like. I think it was like this mixture of uh uh, like yeah, just like uh right yeah, because I don't know I've asked my husband um. How do you feel about being compared? People always say. Another thing I always hear about. You is people say you're, the andy kaufman of youtube or something like that or they compare you to andy kaufman. A lot do you accept that comparison or how do you feel about that? I, like some of it um whenever I've like looked him up and stuff. I I like. I don't connect completely. He seems a little jerkish in some ways, but I did like I watched like the man on the moon movie and stuff and that's really good um yeah, but I guess what they mean is like the he had this. He skirted the same line right of not knowing who the real him is where the real him is and where the character starts and stops for sure yeah. I think, like I think, like uh the mystery element, I definitely connect with because that's always been a big factor in like people watching me uh, so so yeah there's always been like a huge, are a mystery around my videos, um, which I think uh is good for people like entertainment, like like people, enjoy that, but when I, when I saw you in ian's documentary, I get the feeling that you don't. Maybe you don't really get where the mystery is at. I feel like. Maybe you just do you understand? Why people think that you're mysterious or to you or you're, just being yourself? I think I get some of it yeah, but I also don't really need to examine it, because it's like right, if I try and find a line and then address the line, specifically, it's better just the comparison. Yeah, the mystery is good, so yeah. What do you feel about the youtube landscape today because you were one of the top the early early creators right at the time I recall you were like 16th, most subscribed channel with like 250 000 subscribers. Just you have an idea, no uh, probably more like 100 000, oh 100, so youtube was in its infancy very much, but you were one of the top creators at the time, um. Obviously a lot's changed. What do you think now when you look at kind of the leaderboard of who's? What's popular on youtube? Now I actually don't know how to find the leaderboard how it used to be because they usually have like a top 100 where you click through uh. So I don't know like. I can't identify the leaderboard, but I definitely see what's trending and stuff um and uh. My thoughts are, I don't know it's all fine, whatever um uh there's some. I I like to watch stuff I'll click on trending sometimes and find some stuff listen to music on youtube and um. It's definitely if you're a youtube celebrity now compared to back bed you're like a legit, celebrity yeah. I thought that was really interesting, that you pointed out how back then that wasn't the case. And today I guess it's true. I mean it's still kind of like weird to think about, but like youtube, celebrity is like celebrity. The audience is way bigger. The subscribers will be, and you make money now I mean back. Then you didn't even make money right, yeah. Actually, in high school I probably saved up like 10 000, because after I was most popular, then they started to pay people like with a partnership program. So I was on a second wave of partnership programs, so you did make a little money yeah. I think these days you would uh probably like if you're in that position, you'd go up here on talk, shows like ellen and stuff and, like you know, that's what the more route that team influencers go. I think um. Are you still working at the ice cream shop? No, no! No, that the shop closed down uh in january from the sabotages did you have anything to do with it? No, I I don't think that played a role, but you know I'm curious. What do you think your manager will say when they see that part about the sabotage? I don't know I I showed it to my assistant manager, she's, really, nice um, maybe I'll, send her this video and um. She was. I never hated bird and I won't actively say anything about anyone else who I might have not liked um but yeah. I won't say anything but uh. If they found it they'd be shocked because you they probably thought you were the upstanding. You know employee, but no, no, they didn't. Oh, they did it again. No. I was trying to get a raise for so long. It's such old news now because then I went and worked at like a cafe per week. I worked at the sushi place and then I've been living off unemployment checks, which has been great because today's a lie and uh you know I haven't had to work so I've just been able to stay home and be creative and not worry about corona or anything. So that was really lucky but um. They didn't think I was upstanding, I don't think but well then why would they be shocked that you were giving away free ice cream? I wonder well they'd be shocked that I wrote a book that you wrote a book, but I did. I did used to email, the owners and stuff and like ask them if they would, if I could ever do an interview with them and stuff or like uh like emailed in this draw drawing, I did of them and stuff like that and emailed the gm and stuff but uh. Oh, I thought the ga was fair, so there were multiple gm's there too. So it's an ice cream empire. It sounds like yeah, but then the whole place well edit this out, if it's not legal, to say anything like this, but the whole place like went bankrupt eventually and um. I don't want to say anything else. It sounds like, and the reason because it went bankrupt is because well that part of your book sounded so funny. I um I actually immediately after watching the documentary. I ordered both of your books, because I really want to read them and I thought the cover looked cool too yeah like oh, thank you they're all on amazon. By the way. If anyone wants to uh support dax, anyone wants to read his literature. Definitely head on over your your pen. Name is dax flame right all the books under that name yeah. So why is it that you think you were overlooked for the promotion that you sought so so passionately you're at an ice cream store, you're working your butt off you're, keeping everything organized what's going on? Why did they give you reasons why you kept getting passed over? How long did you work there? 15 months? That's a long time a year in a few months, did you get any raises in that? So thanks for having me on the podcast thanks for I don't know, I just heard me but um anyways. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you for joining us. I think because uh people don't like to pay so, mr money. So if you know that this person is going to keep working there, no matter what you don't have to pay them more, so I uh so the big corporate world yeah. Well, ultimately, they did go bankrupt. So I guess maybe it wasn't uh. Maybe they didn't have the leverage to give you a raise after all yeah. So then so because they kept promising this state. This state will give you the raise. We'll give you a promotion to like senior scooper was the position senior senior super yeah and um, and then I think that maybe they would have followed through if the money wasn't getting tight because they yeah so so, who knows? Maybe I was mad at them for the wrong reasons. You know always. Is it the other side? May I ask how much of a raise you were pursuing from fifteen dollars an hour to sixteen dollars an hour? Oh that's! What senior scooper gets paid is it was it about the money or was it about the prestige? Uh, honestly, probably the acknowledgement yeah yeah, but I know it sounds really silly to get so fixated on something like that. I I at the time it felt important but, like I don't know, but yeah, is it one of the worst jobs. I always feel like the in the world yeah like giving the people the different flavors. I don't know why I always feel like it's gotta, be a really annoying job yeah. I like talking to people uh that I enjoyed that. I guess what I hated was like cleaning and stuff there's so much cleaning to do, and it was this really big shop. So there was lots of services to clean and stuff after closing and it stayed open late too. So I'm glad I'm not there. How many? What do you recall any instances of people requesting an an absurd amount of samples? Some people would sample everything and I didn't mind that if they seemed like nice and fun to talk to, but I did mind whenever they were like, like one thing that just popped into my mind, this, like one specific thing someone said to me, was I remember: we had these mickey mouse flavors for a bit uh and uh, and this man was asking about this and I was like we have three different of the mickey mouse flavors and he's like. I really couldn't care less man and then he started asking for other samples are like thinking. Well, why did you ask ask me, and was he by himself or was he with people? I don't remember because I feel like that would be even weirder if he was by himself. You know yeah, you get a lot of weird people did you eat? I I noticed that in the documentary yeah you pre-empt you kind of finished. My question you got ahead of it. I was going to say is that in the documentary you said you hate ice cream? Is that a result of working there or did you hate ice cream before you started working there? Well, I used to love ice cream and then I wanted to try to not eat it for a week and then I kept doing that and then I started to like fruit, because I never liked healthy things before that. So then I was like I guess my taste buds desensitized a bit so then fruit started to taste good and now I just try and stick with that, because I like smoothies, so much so, do you think it's accurate to say you hate ice cream, because that seems maybe a strong statement for what you just I would probably I would probably enjoy it, but at the time that we filmed the documentary I was working around it also and I despised, but it was not only ice cream that you said you hate. It was ice cream, cereal and popcorn right, yeah, seriously. Popcorn I hate because of the texture. That's a lot of really great items: yeah yeah, popcorn definition of everyone's, like favorite foods, basically yeah well! Well. Let me ask you this: what's your favorite food take your time too. Are you very picky with food? No, I I well I'm vegetarian. I like meat a lot, but I haven't eaten it for a while, but um, I'm vegetarian, I like impossible burgers. Those are really good. Um burgers! Aren't that good to me and smoothies, of course, but I feel great right. How could I? How could I even ask that now in this smoothie your concert for the smoothie show? Do you think it would be funny maybe to because it seemed like all the ingredients were relatively good and then people would would be they would be going to choose an ingredient and you'd be like oh, don't choose that. I don't like that. It seems well. I didn't understand that those ingredients were placed there for the sabotage round, because yeah I thought that they wouldn't pick those like the granola. You know same texture as cereal and uh see that doesn't syrup. You know what would be real sabotage for me would be like fish oil or something like that. I put flaxseed oil in my smoothies as long as you can't taste it and it adds some health, but that's what I'm saying it seems like. Ultimately the goal is you still want to end up with a relatively good smoothie at worst, but what I'm wondering is possible, potentially the sabotage yeah, something really disgusting like tomatoes, fish oil or something like that. You know what I mean. Would you taste fish oil? I think it would taste very bad, but maybe that's funny yeah then I would yeah. That would be a great sabotage thing to destroy their chances of winning that round. I guess I will say that this is something that I that we struggled with when when trying to come up with like the sabotage idea, I think at one point I was like I had the same thought ethan, where I was like yeah, let's put a fish in there like a big salmon, you come out with a big salmon. Uh dane was like yeah, we can call it samintage and it was. It was one of those things where I think there was just a miscommunication uh. It almost seemed like dax just also just wanted enjoyable smoothies like yeah, that's what it seemed like anyway. Well yeah. I think that that would have been a good idea of the salmon or the fish oil, because that would have been more obvious. The person would accidentally pick it and I wouldn't say: don't pick it yeah. That makes sense. Well, I would recommend putting the sabotage next to the normal ingredients either. But, although, if somebody pick, if somebody like proactively, chooses a sabotage ingredient, you should probably just let them that just means they're a bad contestant right yeah, but I don't want to put someone in that position because you saved us because we lost our opponent yeah the housekeeper crushed it I mean I, I was very impressed by her yeah. She won every round, yeah she and she kind of flaunted on that. She flexed on that guy too, a little bit didn't she yeah when he was having a hard time. Opening the mixer, yeah, she's kind of a legend yeah leticia was awesome. You have you seen fear factor, I'm like a aficionado of that show. I think when I was a kid I saw it because they used to make smoothies and some of the challenges, but they would be. I think I've seen that testicles and intestines and [ __ ] stuff like that, but like I think that might be more entertaining to watch, because I guess maybe there's not a different crowd, but I just don't think I'm I just question how entertaining it is to watch somebody drink a delicious smoothie. Well, I think I also want to promote like health and stuff through like showing healthy ingredients, so actually that could be used in the sabotage, though, but you're saying combine the best of both worlds right, that's maybe that's what it but ultimately you're the one that has to drink it. So maybe we have to put other people up to drinking it yeah if you don't also have another reality, show idea recently today or yesterday, but I don't think I should talk about it. Yet, okay, would you consider, would you consider if you make the smoothie game show? Would you consider having the winner on like in jeopardy, and maybe she can continue on? Oh yeah, that's what I would like to do have like 20 episodes of that and then a 10 episode, playoff route. Where best of like this person. This then ultimately there's a championship. Oh there's like a bracket yeah, that's why we have to get rid of corona, amongst other reasons, but then, if corona was gone, we could film this that's the main reason we need to get ready right. I mean [, __ ]. I need to I need to know. I need that bracket, [ __ ]. What are you looking to be doing with yourself? Ideally like? What are your goals right now? I don't know I don't know what to do with my life, but I do know what my next steps are like. I'm always good at picking the next thing um, but there's something I've been writing, but I don't know if I should talk about it not well. I don't know, but there's a couple things that I'm working on, that I'm excited about a book or like a script or yeah talk about it. It's okay! I just have a new book, I'm probably going to put out in like oh cool, oh fantastic, nice about quarantine about 14. Oh that's, a great topic and, like I've had a couple business ideas. I've been working on and stuff, but, like always, I just like. I have an idea and I just like go with it and it either pans out or it doesn't or maybe it turns into something else um. So I just like go with that, but eventually I probably need to find like a good job or like or yeah figure something out. But is writing your main thing that you like doing or acting uh? I love all of it. Yeah, I'm not sure if we included it in the documentary, but there was we. We did talk about a little bit more in depth like what his uh dax's goals and dreams are like dream, job and stuff like that and in general, like uh, it's just kind of anything, creative and like within the entertainment sphere. I think he he'd be down to do pretty much any of it as long as it's not some robot job. I feel that I feel the I mean yeah, you know I totally get that the hours are the worst part of those kinds of drugs. What were your shifts like? Well, just like you never knew what your schedule would be so sometimes you'd work until like midnight and then sometimes yeah I've been there. I hate them yeah, that's right! It's almost like cruel and unusual to have someone work, a shift at 8 a.m and then any time during the week they might have to come in at 5, 00 p.m, it's like who can and then they work till like 12 or 1.. I mean who can live their life so unscheduled. What were you honestly young, my favorite job um? Oh, that's easy for me, yeah, it's easy for me too, when I was uh when was this, I think it was during a summer my parents made me get a job and I really didn't want to work like fast food. Just for whatever reason I didn't, I didn't look down on it or it wasn't like that. I mean it's a you know. I think all jobs are admirable. My brother worked at taco bell and he didn't hate it, but I just didn't want to work in fast food. So I looked in the newspaper for any opportunity and I found this company at the time they were paying 15 or maybe it was 12 an hour, but it was like good pay for the time, because this was a long time ago. The minimum wage was like seven dollars an hour or something 725. So I was like [ __ ]. You know 10 12 an hour, it's a little extra money. I like that right off the bat the job was. First of all, I went first to the interview and they give you this test uh. It's like a multiple choice test. Like three sheets of paper. You fill out the answers. I remember specifically. They gave me a pencil, not a pen, which I thought I don't know why that stuck out to me, but uh they were really horrible, like just you'd, have to be brain dead, not not to answer these questions correctly, so the bar was already really low. I passed the test. The job itself was going into huge retail stores, like walmart's uh targets, routes, stuff, like that you go in after store hours and you have a little laser gun and you just scan inventory to take inventory of their stock. I don't know I guess back, then they didn't really have the technology, so they had all these people come in in the middle of the night and just scan [ __ ] right. So the hours were insane they were like, like. Sometimes we would start at one o'clock one a.m, so I had so I'm by nature a night owl I would say, and so forcing myself to like try to go to bed at you know: 4 00 p.m was not. It wasn't just difficult, it was impossible, so I would lay in bed just trying to sleep. I would end up just not sleeping at all getting up at 1am, which is just ungodly, [Music] and then driving. You know in the dead of night out into like some [ __ ] retail store, and I remember one night I was so tired. I left my car keys in the door for the entire eight hour shift and then I came back. I was like where's my car, my keys. I can't believe I lost my car keys and I went back to my car and the keys were in the [ __ ] door. The whole time. That's how tired? How old are you? Oh, probably like 18., okay and anyway, the job the work was just like beyond inventory account right? It was just monotonous. They were they. They had like these pros right, like they had like inventory ninjas, who had been there for like 30 years, and they were they were like they were making 15 an hour and they were like scanning like like uh. You know it was high noon. I've had to do that when I was working in like a retail shop, and I think they do it like once a year or something and it was the biggest nightmare. Well, we were the cavalry right. They called us in when they wanted it really good, but the problem was, I sucked I [ __ ] sucked at the job. For some reason I couldn't scan accurately and then they would have like, because I was a noob they would bring in like the uh. They would bring in the dark holiday of scanning to fact check my work and then they'd be like dude. You got the count wrong like every time, they'd be like dude. You got the count wrong that feels the worst when you're already in, like a a job that you feel like you're, not better than but like at least qualified for, like bare minimum, and they come in they're like oh yeah you're, actually not doing your job nearly as efficient and good as you could be. You know, and I was just the worst fi I mean I was just miserable dude and the people you know the people took their jobs so seriously. Who were these scanners? And I just thought, found the whole thing so [ __ ] ridiculous um, my worst job, that was my worst job by far- was a waitress just I've. I I had many like many of those kind of like shitty, whatever jobs, but just in general, being a waitress and there was a specific restaurant that was the worst social club no well. That was bad but um. I didn't. I was only there a week, so it doesn't really count, but the italian one. Oh, what really? That was your worst job yeah, because the food wasn't good, and so it was expensive too, and it was kind of expensive and it would everything would fall on me from both sides like the customers, weren't happy and then the people in the kitchen were douche bags. So it's like you go to the kitchen to complain on behalf of the customer you get yelled at and then you go give a bad answer to the customer and you get yelled at so it was like the worst job ever. Does it sound fun yeah? I feel like that there could be really high variance for like a waitressing job like it could be really good. If the food's awesome, the chefs or whoever else is accountable, yeah and you have good customers, but if you have any link in the chain is shitty, it's all going to come down on the waiters and waitresses. That's do you have a worse job since we're asking the gap? Are you working at the gap? Yeah tell me about that. Um. It's similar experience with you and the late night shift thing. I went in for general sales associate position, but uh. It was like a kind of a round table a bunch of people applying for the job, young people, older people, and they just sort of assumed that every guy there was there to work. Warehouse like uh, do the shipping and receiving uh and unloading of merchandise in the morning. So I got tasked on that and it was the same experience as you were like I'm a night owl. They want me to come in at 3am and it's like this [ __ ] sucks yeah. I was like there were. There were days, it's not good, but there were days where I was like driving home and it's like it's I'm like almost falling asleep at the wheel. Yeah there were some close calls and I was just like holy [ __ ] like it's good. The roads are empty right now, otherwise it would be over no, so it was just uh. I don't know it was like not good hours and then also uh kind of like dax's example. People constantly coming in and out because they were giving a higher rate of uh uh pay at the time ten dollars an hour. That was like really good yeah um compared to the eight uh minimum wage. So they wanted to work you really hard they had like. So they had a ton of employees. They wanted to work. You really hard for, like eight hours a week or whatever the threshold was oh [, __, ] god, it's so crazy, how they just game the system to [ __ ] squeeze people for everything. It's very stupid. There was a reddit post recently where, like I think it was mcdonald's or some big company was trying to show uh low-income workers how they could live after mcdonald's. I saw that you saw that yeah. It was so [ __, ], stupid, yeah, it's a classic mcdonald's thing where they had a budget they're like how to make money on minimum wage, and it included a second job and zero dollars for heating yeah and and didn't account for like it. It's like best case scenario. As far as like your rates of like electricity trash whatever else it, it assumes that you have negotiated as a poor person. The best deal you can get for all of these services, just [ __ ] bizarre. You know what was worse at that um waiting job too, that I was talking about that. If you made a mistake like um, any kind of mistake like ordering the wrong item for someone or someone got out without paying they would take it out of your tips. Is that legal in israel? Because it's not legal here I know I think that's common in some- I don't know. I I've heard stories like that, at least in california. I think it's not legal in california. Maybe it is in other states. I don't know, but that was so shitty yeah, it's so shitty. They also didn't pay us minimum wage. It was just tips. Oh, so that's the crazy thing in israel is that I think it's actually like that in some states too, not in california um they can just they don't have to pay you even a minimum wage. You just make money in tips which ends up being, basically, maybe a tiny bit more than minimum wage right, yeah and super high variance in what you're going to come home with at the end of each day, yeah, no predictability, you can't [ __ ] count on anything yeah that sucks so um dax. May I ask you a personal question. I recently acquired a bidet and before we went on, I took a ship. I have a toilet literally right behind us, there's a bathroom there and I used toilet paper for the first time in a while. Just I like to remind myself of where I came from, you know to know where I'm going as they say or whatever what I'm wondering. What do you mean like like like to stay in touch with the people [Laughter]? Well, I don't I don't necessarily. I don't necessarily think that a bidet is so bougie, because in europe everyone has a bidet and you can buy like, for example, one of our sponsors tushy. They make an attachment for 75. So it's not exactly bougie, although I will admit that ours is very bougie um, but what I'm? What I'm leading to is what is your wiping uh ritual? Oh just the pretty average toilet paper yeah from the front or the back. Oh, no comment, no comment. Well, if I can give you my own anecdote, maybe it will encourage you to share. Is that I think most peop, most dudes, most dudes wipe from the back. I myself cup my balls in penis and wipe I scoop out from the front and then back. I don't do that anymore, because you do that ian yeah. I've done I I I I don't cut my dick in balls, but well, don't you? How do you don't you need to get him out of the way? No, I'm pretty like just facially, aware of where my rectum is and where the dick and ball I just like to get it out of the way. I guess, but I'm fascinated that you go from the front because a lot of people when I came out of the closet as a front wiper yeah, it was very I caught a lot of [ __ ] for it uh, no pun intended and um. We did a poll that that showed. Actually, I think, like 35 to 40 are front wipers, so our so I don't know if that encouraged you to share if you're front or back but of course, oh I'm probably more in the majority there you're in the majority yeah understood what do y'all think is the key to youtube success, changing topics that was like talking about how you poop hang on dude. We can't steer that you don't like the topic of it: okay, fair enough you're, listening to the key to youtube success yeah! This is it. What is the key? The key to youtube success is well, you know, there's a couple different routes: okay, um, there's the easy and fast way, which is just you know, talking [ __, ] about people and sensationalized titles and thumbnails. So that's a really easy way to the easy. Not I don't know if it's relatively easy, because you still have to make like at least some something compelling about your videos, but that's certainly the the easiest way to uh just youtube success, or at least wreck or recognition, but the infinitely more difficult way- and I hate to say it almost even impossible- it seems like today- is the genuine being a genuine person and just like, I feel like to succeed on youtube these days. You need some kind of shtick right like uh, not to not to deride uh. Mr beast, because I think he's talented. I like his channel, I'm just using him as an example. Is that, like everything needs to be like the biggest and the best and the craziest idea, and he's really talented and really good at what he does, and I, I think, he's a great channel and he's a positive channel, so I'm not at all trying to insult him. I just think that he is kind of the model of youtube success right now. Are you familiar with mr beast yeah, so you kind of that's like, unfortunately, there's a lot of competition for clicks and eyeballs on youtube right now, and so you know making genuine grounded content. You can. You can certainly garner a fan base, but I guess success is is obviously subjective. Right, like I think it's very important to like uh, just like uh decide what uh success means to you, because I think, like mr beast, is a great example of how big how successful you can be, but there are definitely a lot of channels making livable good incomes with a relatively small audience or niche audience, and I think that's what I would define success as personally. A lot of people just try to shoot for the stars or whatever, but I think definitely just having uh uh success could just be making a living wage right. What did you mean uh dax, when you asked I, I think that those answers combined they're perfect, because I was meaning like traditional. How do you become number one yeah? That's how I interpreted it. What yeah? That's how I interpreted it but yeah. The definition of success is everything in life. It is every. How do you define success? Just being happy? Are you successful yeah? Sometimes? Sometimes? How do you even define happiness? I mean: is that an attainable goal? Even I mean what what does that mean? There's a very good. I think these are they're on tick, tock and also instagram. There's a guy who goes around asking complete strangers. Just cold calls him and says: hey like what uh or are you happy? He just goes up to him and asks random people that, and you get quite a depth of answers from people. He talks to some homeless people who are smiling ear to ear and they're, like yeah I'm living on the beach. This is awesome. I you know. I love my life, there's other people who are a little bit more like uh like to themselves and like don't really want to share or feel like it's too personal to ask. Are you happy um worth checking out? I don't know the name of this interesting yeah, but dex. You were saying you define happiness. You said by just feeling good. Oh, that's, probably not like specific enough, but like like good there's like like a lot of things that go into it, but like good and healthy, and satisfaction on like that maslow's pyramid thing. Ah, the pyramid of uh like shelters at the bottom kind of yeah yeah got it, but you, I guess you feel at least I learned from through the documentary that your your income is a little unstable right, that's kind of maybe the one factor yeah that can really mess with your happiness. If you're stressed about money all the time so fortunately I haven't, I could have been so stressed, with corona stuff if unemployment didn't come through and if I got sick too, so luckily stayed healthy and got that money, and so uh good for the next few months, because it paid me more than enough, so I've just been buying food and nothing else so saved up a little and then we'll see what happens. Yeah but yeah. I've had lots of money before and no money at all and um, and so yeah, it's more fun to have money. Yeah. I heard that you were. You were paid you. You were in two movies: uh 21, jump street and and uh. What was the other one called project x? And you said you were paid enough that you lived off the money for like five years right yeah. Well, I was also in uh a few other movies, but those were the big ones that I got paid the most for. Are you uh feel free not to answer, but I'm curious um. If you could ballpark what was your the payment for those projects? You don't have to answer by the way. Oh, I could tell you whatever I don't care um, so I probably got paid like like 30 000 or 40 000. When I was filming them and then I didn't know, I would get residuals checks. So, a couple years later, I started to get a random residuals check, so that started out really big, so probably overall, probably like three hundred thousand dollars from holy movies, yeah and so still I'll get like a 200 residuals check every once in a while um. So that's cool, um um, but yeah. I lift off that for the longest time. That's a lot of money, yeah that that's a lot when you can actually get it, but then it's just so hard to get and auditions suck and yeah. Why is it it's? It's! It's you've been through such a roller coaster, yeah, so interesting, yeah, yeah highs and lows right, yeah yeah. How was it you must ask yourself? How was it that you got cast in these two? Really, you know successful roles and then suddenly, like you, were unable to find work, I mean. Why is that? Do you must ask yourself, I just started to suffer auditions like the first one was really good, because you didn't really have to be a good actor because you're like just like project x, that was like a good act limit at getting acclimated uh to acting because uh, like you're, allowed to just like look at the camera and like film and like um, so that was the perfect first roll uh and then 21 junk street came like a year later, even though they were released at the same time, um and then uh. I got really close on like we are the millers. I got like second place, um uh like and I even went to an audition with jason sudeikis. I got really close on this ryan gosling movie that he made um, but I don't think many people saw it, but I did a lot of auditions and christina hendricks was gonna, play my mom and then um. I then I got close on, maybe one other movie, and then I just started to do really really bad in auditions, like I couldn't memorize my lines and mess up all the time. Um and so then I started writing screenplays I've written a lot of screenplays uh, because then you just make your own movie act in your own movie. Make a game show you think you got psyched out, maybe a little bit from the all the rejection and then started getting getting in your head like. Why do you think you started messing up the auditions? I don't know yeah, I don't know well, some some of them were good, but maybe they just wanted a different person or something. But now I just I don't get auditions um but uh. I don't really mind because I like making my own videos and stuff and like even made my own documentary before it's kind of boring, the one I made I ian's is really exciting and great uh uh and not boring uh. Are you talking about the one about youtube? Max's documentary is good, yeah you're talking about about the kickstarter. Yes, I made a kickstarter for one uh. Well, I made it for yeah documentary with an invention, yeah. I watched that. Actually I wanted to ask you about that. You made a documentary about invention. You made for an indoor garden, it was funded and you made your dot, but the kickstarter weirdly was for the documentary right, not for the product yeah. You were very specific about that. Yeah yeah is that when you make a kickstarter, you have to promise a product uh. So I uh promised backers that I would give them a documentary and actually I said it's boring, but I like it um but um, but it is kind of slow um, but I you have to promise to make something for them. So I said I would make a documentary if they let me use a portion of the documentary budget to make my invention because uh that was like the first time I get money was like super tight for me, so I was trying to like figure out a way to like get rich, quick, essentially um, and so it's just kind of just like a scrambling shot in the dark uh. It's a great idea, which is why it's been made since then and uh and it's similar to hydroponics, but it doesn't have a water like it's not based on water or whatever. It's more like self-watering and stuff, and so I think, there's like now been plenty of things made similarly to it, um and uh ultimately like who cares because then, in the end I got to make a documentary at the very least about it, um so win-win, but then I had to get it. I had to worry about money still for a little while, but now you, you posted online, that somebody had stolen your invention and it was in stores uh yeah yeah. So when someone emailed me that macy's is selling the exact product and I've seen it plenty of places since then like now, people keep sending it to me. Do you think you were the genesis for this concept? Do you think people still? I think it's easy to get caught up in your own head at times, especially if you're feeling stressed about other stuff. So I made that that video in this scrambling moment uh and then I just posted it thinking I'll delete it later like I was about to go to work and then uh. So I think, probably that you know two people in different parts of the world can have the exact same idea and start working at on the same time on it at the same time or they could have even been working on it before me and I never knew it. So I think I think yeah like at the time like. Oh they stole my idea whatever, but I don't, I don't think have you followed the success of any of those products? Do you think I? I have a feeling that they're probably not getting rich off that idea yeah, but I think it does have a lot of potential like. I think it would be awesome awesome, especially in a pandemic, to be able to pick your food out of your own house like like, if you're into vegetables, um but yeah. The problem I came up against is just the technology is so hard, but I think, like everyone had so many doubts when I would go, ask people's opinion, which is really helpful, but also like you have to kind of ignore them. Sometimes, in order to innovate, do you have any other ideas that you want to put out there that people can steal right now, uh? No, no! Well! I have some ideas, but I don't want it. You don't want to put them out there yeah. I don't do that. I I had another idea that I started working on uh and that didn't really pan out, though it could eventually someday, but that's kind of similarly led to a book that I want to write so, like I don't know like that's why I always just do it anyways, because you never know what can come out of it right. You ha. You have contemporaries on youtube like bo burnham who has gone on to uh. I've met him before a few times uh to gone on to great success. As you know, when you look to someone like bo burnham, do you? Maybe how do you feel? Do you wonder? Maybe if you got left behind somehow or do, are you envious in any way of of the success he's found? I mean dude like no he's super talented uh people like charlie. I feel less excited like there's some people who aren't that talented um, that I never mind about the last thing but like what did you say charlie? Who it's more like an inside joke? I mean it's one of those things. It's it's in your book, so you can give it context yeah yeah, so I I just kind of hated on him for a second in my book. What's his last name like charlie, what he's probably he's? Probably really talented, really talented, charlie hooth, but he used to send me hate messages on youtube. So I wrote a. I wrote a hate chapter about him in my book because I was like feeling really bitter at the time, so kind of exactly what you were just describing. It's like. Oh man, this person got more famous than me so go burnham. Um, wait! Who's! Charlie booth, I'm sorry to interrupt you. I just want to know who that is he's a very handsome young man, who's a singer, and oh here he is. He does songs with meghan trainor and wiz khalifa and what kind of messages would he send you like your voice, sucks your singing sucks? Why would he sound that just to be just to be cruel? Well, he was, I think, he's probably around the same age as dax at the time. Yeah. The only reason I even like remembered remembered it because he had a strange last name so years later, whenever I saw that name again, I was like. Oh my god, that's why I couldn't figure it out. Booth, yeah, but he's actually very talented. I have nothing against him and I regret writing that chapter. Has he ever apologized to you? No, he doesn't. He probably doesn't remember well hold on charlie. I think we have a beef just out there, but bo burnham super talented and uh. Would you like an apology from charlie? What would you like an apology from charlie puth yeah? I would take it, but I'm also kind of harassing him, probably right now, but also maybe he should maybe he should yeah okay. I think this is good. I mean charlie puth. I think needs to reckon with his past yeah charlie puth was a uh, a young youtuber. At the time. I think he made uh like outro music for shane dawson and some other youtubers at the time um, so he's been around for a while, and I think during that time he was just very young and uh didn't appre appreciate dax's vocals yeah, because I suck at singing and and it's probably annoying if you're, really talented and working hard at something and someone who sucks is getting more attention. Uh uh, but at the time I wasn't like I, I was trying to sing like good, but I just sucked sure, but he doesn't need to go out of his way to uh to be no yeah. It doesn't necessarily justify being a hater but also like when someone's 15 like whatever, but what? If people went and told him his music his voice sucks, would you be okay with that? No, let's, let's! This is a good chance for me to set an example for people. So I forgive him. I love your. I don't know his music really, but I'm sure it's great and his voice does sound good in that song. See you again very good falsetto and I also can't get mad that he's more popular than me, because I quit making videos at a certain point. So that's like my problem. Well, um. I've really enjoyed spending time with, with both of you dax. I'm really happy that um, I feel like a lot of people are going to um are going to be checking. You know. A lot of people are going to be checking checking in on you and I think a lot of people are going to like what they see they're going to find an interesting man with a lot of interesting insights, a talented author whose books are on amazon right now have good reviews on amazon too. Obviously we haven't had time to read them. We haven't got them yet, but I noticed ice cream. Man has got all five stars across the board. So clearly you have a knack for for literature and um. Well, it's been a joy. It's been a pleasure. I've enjoyed having you both on ian's documentary is obviously up now ice cream man, no, the and we have with us ice the ice cream. Man no longer dax flame, no longer the ice cream. No he's he's forever. The ice cream man I mean immortalized in in uh literature yeah sounds better than the unemployment man yeah, but it's on amazon, so how's the how's, the rate. When someone buys that book. Do you get most of the money? I sell it for eight dollars and I get two dollars and 35 cents on that one. I sell my other book for ten dollars uh and I get three dollars and fifty cents or something like that and I'll sell. My next book for eight dollars also um print on demand. So it's good yeah. I bet it will sell who's, making all the money. You only get two bucks. Well, it's print on demand, so you don't need to yeah. That's also amazon, which is a bit of a racket. That's fine! I would assume you'd make more than that per per book, but the books, the books, are very awesome. I've. I don't read a lot of books and I've read both of them to completion. They are very funny. That's really cool thanks! Thanks yeah, I have a feeling you have a knack as a as an author. My my my hunch is that you could be a very successful author and I think you should you should keep pursuing that. That's my hunch anyway, for whatever it's worth. Thank you thank you, but man, you're gonna have to sell a lot of [ __ ] books at two dollars, a pop uh. If you want uh um more than two dollars a pop to go to dax, we do have a sabotage t-shirt that we are splitting the revenue with that. That's awesome, that's great yeah! That's great! So yeah, just better margins for everyone on that yeah I'm gonna buy a couple of those. I'm gonna buy one for the whole crew. After this I should have. I should well. I couldn't have one for them to all shoot or one for each of them yeah. Well, we wouldn't really watch yeah. We would rotate every podcast um. Well. I just want to say again that I really loved the documentary, and I love that you're going in this direction. Ian yeah love to see it, it's really great and do it without people like dax and all the other youtubers who you know pitched in yeah, oh and uh, shout out to uh brett benowitz um he's he was the uh, the other participant in smoothie game, smoothie madness, oh right, he was a great supporter, yeah yeah, um him and leticia were awesome. It was super surprising. Brett was like the only nice person on hollywood boulevard. I know I noticed that that was something huh yeah. He he gave us the time of day. He would have kept talking to us for longer, but he had some place. He had to be and uh yeah he's making music he's. Acting, he's he's cool, so uh. You know if you follow him on social media or anything just be respectful and know that he's you know he does a lot of other stuff. Okay, fantastic! Well, dax! I wish you well. I look forward to what's next from you and ian. The same goes for you. Thank you guys both for joining us. This has been the h3 podcast experience. Transcendental experience, um joe rogan's show is frankly not that good. If his is an experience, then mine is a is another dimension of being I mean, there's no other way to compare them. Are you people are, comparing people always compare us? They say, oh, I wonder which one which shows better give you uh. You know an extra thousand episodes and- and I think, you'll overtake them. You heard it here [Applause]. I appreciate yeah he's up to like 1500 f, so we he has more experience than us if his show's better it's just it's only for that uh. I think I'm more talented uh anyway guys. Thank you all for watching and what was his name charlie puth. Yes, we forgive him all right. Thank you. Everybody! That's a wrap! All right, [Music].