Hey poppy here, it's Papa, John and you're. Listening to the h3 podcast go Ethan, go ela, welcome everybody I'm, so inspired by the celebrities. Doing imagine that I just want to spontaneously break out in song, because it's just a joyous time to be alive today. I just want to sing a song of joy. Today's episode is sponsored by nobody. Yes, that's right nobody's watching this episode. We ain't getting paid. We out here doing this for love of the game. Well, we are sponsored by Teddy fries. Oh, is this shirt that you see now? Oh, is in your hearts! This shirt you see here before you is up right now on Teddy, fresh calm, along with a couple of other shirts that may I say are among the finest we have ever made the fat now I'm gonna do a read for Teddy fresh the fabric. I'm not kidding the fabric is, is among the finest fabric I've ever felt on the t-shirt. It's like reverse terry. It's um, it's unbelievable! It's heavy, but breathable, breathable yeah! There you go all right, how's everybody doing today, PewDiePie was actually so PewDiePie was gonna, be on. Today but then he saw that I defended you, I dubs on twitter, and so he called me this morning before we're about to go, live and he said you're a simp. He called me a tent and he said you're, not quite a [ __ ], but I want to be surprised if you one day go to the level of [ __, ], dumb and he's cancelled on the spot. So I will be working on redeeming myself in the eyes of PewDiePie. The ultimate Chad PewDiePie is a Chad. Isn't he I guess I, don't know I'm new to all these terms. I only last week heard the Sam for the first time, so the chad is the guy who gets all the girls not buy any, not really buy any any reasonable reason he's just handsome. They say: Chad's have strong chins, they have the insults. Have this whole theory that Chad's have a strong chin and that's what attracts women so and then? Well, you may have not about your biology, is working all the time to analyze people's Chin's with us. Today we have everybody with us. We are joined by the cast of the HP podcast via zoom Oh. Welcome to the show, we've missed you, everybody is back dan and Zak. The whole crew is with us here today. The h3 podcast there's a in this Ben. Let's start with Dan Dan. How is quarantine, treating you pretty good as a introvert that never really leaves the house for the most part, anyways I'm kind of in my element right now, I'm feeling good the best I've felt in years. Really so I'm chillin. Are you able to see your girlfriend uh yeah, yeah I know we've. She lives really close like so you guys are breaking you guys are breaking you guys are making quarantine exceptions for each other. We are she. She almost had no brain size. No ringing, oh I, know I know she was really disappointed. No, they said no room, even a minister in your circle, yeah yeah um. So how many people do you live with Dan right, I have one roommate, you have one roommate and does she have roommates uh? She does actually. She has two but they're both working from home as well they're. The immediate circle around me is all pretty fortunate that we haven't lost their jobs at this point. Yet we'll see how this episode goes today, looking at you in no I'm kidding, you guys are cold. You guys are you guys? Are you guys have jobs for life? Okay, that's good I mean I would break quarantine too. For ass, like if mean you work date is living a part of your life. I'm, not I'm, gonna go I'm, gonna go visit, Gila I mean not ask me, that's vulgar, but I would visit you. Okay, thank you. Yeah I would, but you know, I'm doing the mass thing covering my mouth. So when you go grocery shopping, do what's your procedure. Uh well I mean well, first of all, I've found because most of the grocery stores are open. Really late, I go I've only gone twice and the second time that I went, I went and like 11:30 p.m. and it was ghost towns. They were like - uh-oh, Oh summers in there, so that, if you happen to have a grocery store, that's open late, like that I mean that's the time to go. Okay, interesting, but you do wear gloves and masks anyway, because you don't want to touch all that [ __ ] there I got a box of medical gloves that I actually had already from doing crafts type stuff. I don't have real masks, but you know they say this is still better than nothing so I've been. You know at least covering my mouth slightly, to try and do my best. What is that, like a scarf and then a hand? Sanitizer fabric I mean oh yeah, it's just man. I just saw a story not to bum you guys out, but I was watching the news last night and there it's like it's good. There's a 30 year old dude. They were interviewing his wife, it's like they wanted to press you as much as possible on the news. I swear to god: they're interviewing the wife of a 30 year old dude, who died like the day before from coronavirus, healthy upstanding, member of the community coach at high school and his wife. Is there talk about how he died the day before it's like it's true and I? Just saw I saw interest map today. It showed of people who are not travelling or taking the quarantine, most serious and New York and California, basically, the whole North West portion of the states, and then, when you go in the south, like the Louisiana Florida area, south east, it's just red nobody. There. They haven't even locked down the states, everybody there's just partying it up, and it's horrifying yeah because we're only as strong as our weakest link, because all these [ __ ] flora, Dean's, are gonna, are gonna, be like they're gonna. Come hang out in California when we're all good. Hey. Excuse me, sorry, yeah I know sorry, everybody I just couldn't get it out now. Zach. On the other hand, Zach lives with his parents. We sometimes forget about what a sweet young man zach is green and gold and beautiful as ever. You live with your parents and they forbid you from leaving your house. Is that right, yeah. My mom has some medical condition. She's got bad asthma and yeah I've been seeing my girlfriend in three weeks and it's been really whole see. That's that's brutal I! Guess, that's the pitfall living with your parents. Are you are, you think, are you thinking about moving out as a result of this I mean that's, definitely a discussion. Yeah, that's definitely uh! There's something to talk about yeah, the REIT I. Think people are wondering why you live with your parents. You were in college before you started correctly. Are you our intern? Not that long ago, correct? Yes, yeah I'm only 22 22, ah yeah, but it's been definitely harsh, not seeing her, and you know we do like little FaceTime dates and stuff like that. Oh tell me about that. You guys set up like dinner dates. Yeah well, do dinner, we'll watch movies stuff like that, just we could talk for hours. You know, have you guys, sexted I think we've already established that they do? Oh I, didn't remember the results. What are you guys doing that now in quarantine? I, you gotta make a picture work ya lot your internet lagging about what I think he said is yes now do you ever get real creative, like obviously you could just show your dick. That's one thing, but do you ever like you ever get like weird and put the phone on the ground and like I, don't know you can just get really weird with it. I know what you're talking about? Yes, yeah yeah, you got to see the hole like nine yards picture, yeah the hole three inches so Dan is, is able to get, is getting it Zach have you have you been out and about Zach who doesn't the grocery shopping in the household? My dad yeah yeah and see he's very. He gets all hazmat it out. No just a face mask gloves stuff like that, the usual the recommended, the usual go yeah and Ian who's in the Kanye West's house. I can tell you talking about. This is just my hallway man. What's going on with expensive, what's going on with your border you're, all like interdimensional I, don't know, that's the part of the house, it's a feature so then quarantine life is good. He's chilling in a giant mansion in Calabasas I'm, just chillin in Calabasas, so Ian house corns have been treating you. It hasn't been too bad. Um see you don't stay busy real crazy yeah that it's too bad that she's, you know so far away, but it's not cuz of the quarantine. This is how we've been living. You know long distance, that's how you do it so well, I I, wonder if she would have stayed a week longer if she may have been like stranded with you. Have you thought about that? Well, if, if she couldn't have, you know that have been great is I mean I have people that I live with too, so you kind of have to go through the chain of command to confirm stuff like that. But if it's due to a natural incident, I'm like oh sorry, well, are your your your housemates would would veto your girlfriend staying there is it we have that draconian laws over in the house? Well, I mean she was here for almost two weeks and I was a long time. Yeah. It's you know it's getting up there: okay, okay, you're, you're, considerate, you're considerate housemate. Are you? Are there any weak links in your house where you're like? Oh, that guy is not taking this quarantine as serious as he should be no cuz right now, it's just me and in one other one other person cuz our third moved out to two weeks ago week ago. So that happened because of the quarantine right. No, they this they had got outta place before, though we had a replacement to take their room and then that guy got laid off at his job and said I can't I can't afford anymore I'm moving back home, so yeah currently figuring that out. We we have someone lined up, but they won't be there til, til, May. So, okay! Well, that's good yeah, but quarantine! No quarantines been it's been fine, been working a lot! Oh you by the way Ian edited our last dumb products, video so give it up to young yeah. That was the first video edited for us. I mean he's done a bunch of little edits here and there on goofs and gaffes. But I really think you got a knack for uh for the editing for the comedy, the editing, the effects of the eye it's there can I can I share what happened when I got the footage, so I I went to your guys's place and I picked up a SD card with footage on it. Oh that yes and I bring it back and I put it in, and it's all labeled that date. So they must have just put that as the date when you guys transferred it over I. Think you did that what I didn't do anything I was always wondering why you even opened it, because that footage was shot like a year ago. Yeah, it all said: March 2020 every file, weird yeah, so I just load it all up. I assumed it was all related to the video and I start scrubbing through it, and then there Ethan's in the bathroom and he's shirtless. No, so he he's like doing an ad. What was the ad for I'm trying to pull the video of what video was it for because uh, because I remember I, remember when we were shooting it me? Neither were like I've, never. First of all, my whole life I've, never filmed anything like that, and- and he was like, don't worry or I mean I was like we'll just edit it out, but me and Ellis said to each other at the time. This is curse. This footage was so cursed but wait which video was it because I want to pull it up. So he was like an ad for like Dollar Shave, Club, yeah, right, yeah yeah, so he's uh shaving himself in his chest and then at one point he turns to ela and goes don't worry, we'll just cut this out later and then pulls his pants down and I saw everything. I remember my dick was really small, because I remember looking at it and I was like I usually show better than this, but it's just Allah and nobody's ever gonna see this right away. I looked I like the top right of the screen and just peripheral was like okay yeah, that that was a penis, but actually it wasn't. The way I remember is that here, I'm gonna play it for you now, because the way I remember it is that it was like underneath looking up at my balls from my ass, it was like crazy shots, I'm playing it on my computer. There yeah yes, so here I did a shot where I was shaving, my [ __ ]. Did you see that one or you just saw me, take my weight? No I didn't see any [ __ ], so you didn't eat eating less either. Thankfully, you didn't even see the worst of it, which is on my screen right here, worse yeah, it got worse. Was it the wrong card, or this was just old footage, so it was a. It was the card on the ATD, the one that we do like the second shots. Okay, handheld and I. Think we made this video. Maybe a year ago like can you check yeah yeah I'll, tell you the date so normally when we're into making videos every week, March 19 almost more than a year ago. So normally, if this was happening every week, I would have remembered that I would delete it before handing off, but this was just sitting there for like a year and then now we shot it and I was just like here's. The card I didn't even think about it twice. Ian did you enjoy it the dude? There was nothing good about that. Yeah! There's no pleasure. -! Trust me. There is nothing. I know exactly what he saw. Cuz I remember distinctively when he was shooting that being like looking at myself, naked being like I'm such a disgusting monster, and my dick looks really small. Just saying this is cursed, good question ela well to be, and to be fair to ela I did my wildest dreams expect them. We were working with editors like page three videos, it's just ice. You know it was only a 'then, editing and I didn't have to hand it off to anyone. This is kind of new I. Remember editing that oh my computer and cracking up because it was just so obscene, so I apologize Ian that you had to see that it was a lot to take in I'm sure yeah, it's alright! It's it's I mean it's it's burned in there for forever, but so you just saw the front of me naked. That was it yeah. It was a frie little side and a little ass section as well. So how long did you watch for exactly I I clicked off that pretty and then I texted you and was like wasn't expecting this I still thought it was for the video I'm like? Were you pissed, like a guy's? What the [ __ ] did you make me watch pretty funny? Well, I apologize! No, no one should ever have to see that so I do apologize for that good stuff, though fun to edit, you can see. No, you did a great job, I'm, really I'm, stoked I I want to shoot another video when I shoot one this weekend today. Well, today's Thursday we're hoping to get this up on Friday, but I want to shoot when I've got a good idea for one thinking, I'll shoot it either tomorrow or in the weekend. I. Don't know, I, don't know I'm thinking. Maybe all I did this one I don't know. Maybe I'll, maybe I'll shoot two videos throw in the Ian whoa get things going in the pipeline baby. You know how it is Dan, that's not your room. Obviously, what are you trying to deceive? You know I'm at home. It's all good. Why is your hair glowing purple? Oh my god, why's it look like you're keyed out. He doesn't even keep up I got it I like a black light kind of back white thing in my room. You know: okay, yeah, oh [, __ ], wait what's happening, wait are you in the podcast room, I mean well cuz. It still looks. Oh, you are in the podcast room, you alright, what there's all the kinds of garbage back there I've been living on that couch, there's like a bottle over lockroy and chip bags hold on it here or wait hold on no I'm, just I'm chilling, I'm sure. No, no guys no big deal dan is living on the on the couch at the podcast studio. Is it don't you have a better place to crash than that? Not that I, mind I'm, just I mean have you laid down on this couch? It is comfortable. It's like it's legit. This is better than my apartment. I, don't know! There's nobody here, I figured so you're a Nathan fit that's funny. What does that mean? Dan? Is that some kind of psychological thing you're sitting in my seat, you're the butt guys video what's going on, give some unresolved issues? I am the podcast. Now it still looks so fake, but I can tell it's not because it's not yes by the way they did say hi. So is this officially the worst podcast for me today, may-maybe here, let's watch Dan eat chips. Yeah, did you do the chip voice? Yes, the AI advanced AI got grunt. We call the bag. Crinkling. Bat I think that was Skype. Pumping zoom has they'll, have the technology over at zoom, yet so they're working on that well, we've caught up with the guys they will be on the call with us as we go through our episode today. Chiming in as they see fit, so the guys are here with us ever present, not only in our hearts and minds but in physical bodies as well. So that's exciting. Excuse me: I got a subdued into the mic. Well, we have a lot to get to and I feel like we just talked. Oh, my god they want to see is wrong. Cuz I feel like I, can turn it off. Yes, we never I have a thing on the wall that the guys judge me judge you as being awesome. Let's see Dan like okay, all right, so this painting. Well, it's not a painting. That's here, I'll grab it and bring it. I can't really tell what it is. He's gonna recognize your boy yeah. You really really need yeah. Thank you. You keep the type tight, [ __ ], all right accident bobbles. What is wrong with you there's something there's something about this. That is just so unsettling to me that I, you hung it in your room and I wanted it. It's Ian. Have you seen the actual piece in person yeah it's at a museum here in here in Los Angeles, who made them in wine this guy named Jeff Koons yeah, so you know yeah. So does what a big part, so his attention probably was to make something outrageous and unsettling yeah. It's just so strange, yeah, just every time, I go to that museum! I! Just like stare at this thing, because it's freaky I don't know. Did we tell the story when we were looking at houses and we walked into one of these houses? Well, I, don't think we're looking at houses and um I think it was Calabasas yeah and it was like it was a nice house and you can tell whoever lived there had like old money like they'd been around for a while. They had it there. They probably lived in a house for thirty years and, first of all, when you walk in the whole kitchen was they had slot machines, popcorn machines, arcade games, like total um, Vegas vibes? Yes, it was like Vegas theme, but like kids, kids ease to kids vibe too and like an old person vibe, because it was an old person and then so that was the kitchen had purple lights right yeah there was purple ambient lighting everywhere and then, when you go out into the backyard, it was a small backyard, but they had converted the entire backyard. You know how there's like resorts: have they have like this fake rock landscape for pools and a waterslide, so their entire backyard, a small backyard? Every inch of it was just like fake resort, rocks and and just really over the top waterfall and pool I but I. The other thing I remember, is that there was a very active beehive near the pool and there was just some cords hordes hordes of bees. So that's the downstairs. Then we go upstairs and on the landing like halfway up to the master, there's a little kids room with like a twin bed or smaller, with purple um be I'm lighting under the bed like purple party, how its kind of vibe, but it's a kid's room, but so then this is when it gets really weird. As we go into the master bed. Actually, in the kids room, there was a picture of Michael Jackson or the child's bed. No, even before we went to the house, we were just looking at the pictures he was like. Did you notice that there's a Michael Jackson and the kid's room- and this was right- we're like okay, whatever? Maybe it's just whatever? This was right at the time that the documentary came out too. So we were hyper aware of all the Michael Jackson stuff. So then you walk into the master bedroom and there's literal shrines to Michael Jackson everywhere. There's like signed photos, paintings pictures, and one struck to me in in particular. That was so bizarre was a little picture of Michael G. It was like this big, the actual photo yeah right at the entrance of Michael, this big and then a wooden frame that was like this big yeah I mean it was just. It was so weird that it was just so weird and it was an old guy. Did you meet the owner? No, they were no, they were gone. They were scarce. Just like it was like a realtor showing the house. You know some bad vibes. That was the way, but, like you had that had to be there. Yeah Debbie's I had this like slot machines, everywhere, hmm and then up on the landing. There was a little mini bar stairs and there was a ton of dead bees on the ground inside bees. Bees inside okay, move on it's like a twin pigs. It was truly like a twin pee. Huh yeah I was expecting some like a little person to come talking back, walking backwards. Okay, let's get into the juicy stuff. My good friend idubbbz has entered the world of controversy. He has committed the grave sin of having a girlfriend. No, he has made the grave sin of having a girlfriend who decided to make an only fans account, and for that reason we must he's a simp and a [ __ ] and a beta male okay. Now before we start this conversation, I think we should define a couple of things to help. People understand a simple I guess comes from simpleton. Is a derogatory term used to call people who subscribe to these? Only fans accounts, so they subscribe and then I guess they somehow think that they have a chance with her or like there was this one girl I remember who like blew up big on and had all these adoring fans and then, when they found out she had a boyfriend. Then all the simps got angry because, like I didn't know, you had a boyfriend. You didn't tell me that I want my donations back whatever that's a sin, so so I should just chime in because I too assumed simpleton was the origin of this, but I've since been corrected that it's actually an acronym. So no way it is someone idolizing mediocre, [, __, ] or psy sucker or tohsaka idolizing mediocre [ __ ] wait sucka like a sucka sukkah like Asuka. Oh no, quite like Asuka, wait, define saga well, I mean, what's the acronym? It's just it's slang, just it. It can just be someone someone idolizing mediocre, puts I! Guess it's okay, interesting! So so there you go, define what's a mediocre, oh well, Choji! Well, yeah Chad's, with big, beautiful chins, then you're kind of a Chad yourself over there. Look at that chin make it me yeah you're, looking chin. So what do you call the simps, there's Chad's and then there's? What's there's Chad's Oh Chad vs. virgin a virgin okay, so the virgin in cells who are having so in the world of the Chad versus the virgin. The Chad is naturally good-looking. He's got a strong chin. Women just want to have sex with him. Cuz he's physically attractive. He was born and he has attracted women by no effort or cause of his own he's just born lucky and on the other end, there's the virgin the insel who, because they have weak, chins or bad physical traits, they women, no woman, will want them and so they're. So those were the called the black pill. Well, there's Dan. You know more about this scenario, but there's the red pill. So the red pill is what what you say when you're woken to the concept that all women are [: __, ], [, __, ], money-hungry and shallow. That's the red pill. The black pill is when you go full Elliot, Rodriguez right, then, essentially, yeah I, don't remember specifically who Elliot Rodriguez was but usually I'm, assuming he was UCSB a while ago, God, okay, yeah right right, yeah. Actually they specifically cite him. That's right he's like a hero to the insult community, because in his confession, before his his uh before he went and did what terrible thing he did is he was going I. Don't understand why no girls will sleep with me and other guys who will not even treat them better? Who will not even respect them go to all the girls? Why don't I get girls I deserve grit, so it's kind of like that. It's a very strange phenomenon that really ought to be studied by sociologists, because it's just so odd. The firt I feel like I have to unpack all this, because I really feel like it's related to all this. The first thing that strikes me is the entitlement of the of the in cells of like first of all, they're entitled to women because well I think they they, they just think well. I'm a man and I'm entitled to women and I want to have sex and I want to be adored by women, but I'm not and I'm, entitled to it. That's the first part that I, don't quite get I mean check dudes and you you can make yourself better. That's the thing I mean you know. When you look at Elliott Rodriguez, for example, he was a handsome guy, he wasn't a bad-looking guy. He was in shape, I. Think really. The dude is just a lot of these. It's like the nice guy syndrome, which is another one where it's like I'm gonna treat you better than any other guy yada-yada-yada I love you better than any other guy. My treat you right and then the minute they sense they get insecure or since any type of rejection they go. [ __ ] you [, __, ] you're, a [, __, ] I would never [ __ ] you anyway. That whole thing right. So it's a it's a to me. The whole concept just doesn't make any sense, because it's like it's all everything is so subjective. I, don't know whoever I'm gonna find to be the right person for me is not what these guys are thinking. It's not like I, it's not like every girl wants to be with that guy that they think is the child. No, and- and also let me say that as a guy dude, who wants to find an attractive spouse, trust me it's way better being a guy, because you can be beat ass, ugly and fun and you guys are dating up all the time every day. Even right. Now, there's a guy out there dating way up me date. It way up women, they date down women date down. It's just a matter of fact: it's just a matter of life, because women can look past certain things. It's not like. Oh I just needs to look like this, so I'm, not even gonna. Look at him. It's just not like that. This is so cute. This bracelet! Thank you. You should show that it's like gummy bear bracelet so say so so, but but so the thing that women look for men is what you kind of traditionally expect. In the long term, I mean if you're in college and you're trying to get [ __ ] I mean girls, aren't necessarily trying to get married okay, so you might have to [ __ ] a fat chick if you're really that beat. So what is that's another thing about these in cells? We don't want to settle. They wants ends exactly like okay, who said that that's bad who said that girls are not [, __ ], a fat guy like what's girls, [, __, ] fat, guys today, okay, some point: it's just a hole. Well, it's just a hole. Everything about it is so wrong to me. I just can't even begin to understand. Well so here's the problem again, it's the internet. Okay, before the internet, you had these spiteful angry in cells who wanted to [ __, ] tens, but could only pull threes, and so they hate they hate these threes because they think they're worthy of the 10. But now you got these communities and they're having their defining. They got the red pill, they're, gonna, blackmail. You've got all these theories about chins and chad's and then all the sudden it becomes like a it becomes like a discipline, becomes a study and that's the problem with the internet. Right makes these outsiders feel like they belong to a community, and these phenomenons become to become manifested into the world, but women are looking for. You know good fathers, good providers, people who are nurturing having a good I mean all these things right. You can overcome bad looks. Also you can exercise, you can dress nice, you can shave and do your hair and sure there's a lot you can do to make yourself can be a lot simpler than that. Just someone who you connect with, like you guys, like the same things you like the same music, you like the same. What else? That's not helpful, because they'll just look at a 10 and be like. Well, we like the same movies, we'd like the same music and then they're like oh he's, friendzone, obviously, and then all of a sudden, it's like hey! Do you want to go out? She goes no you're, not my type, because I [ __ ], you are such a [ __ ]. You led me on I hope that you date a guy that beat you and raped and they'll start saying: oh, that's it right. Only ten, you got to know your. You got to know what you can date, bro dance background. So ya know she just heard. Dan is eating chips by the way anything that was muted I just saw a silver Konya staring at me. You got to know, look you gotta, be real dude. You got to be real. Okay me myself, at my best I'll say like right now, probably in my current shape, I'm, probably like a three, no I mean listen. You know that because you're, not a three I'm just saying I mean if I'm dating in the world right now and let's say: I, don't have money or fame -, it's tough, but I. It's tough okay, but if I've cleaned up and I was looking my best physically speaking, only I can maybe achieve a six at best. Okay, but that's enough to work with. As a guy yeah I mean where everyone wants to be a 10/10, Brad Pitt, there's like one time you're, not a ten bro. You never will be. You say if you can be a [ __, ] I, don't want to be a ten clean yourself up to a five, because these people haven't developed out of middle school I, remember in middle school you're, like all these handsome guys, all the girls want the same cube boys and I want those girls, and it's not fair, because you're, not you don't having developed you even it's like they never got past that. So this is a long way around. Coming back to the items, controversy is that I feel like. There are a lot of immature there's two camps really there's like the N cells and then there's like the Puritans, which somehow is a thing now in this society, where West or where it well Puritans. It's like a it's like. They believe that women must be pure, and if you show your titties to the world, then your titties have less value to your man. You know like I, wonder what these guys think about their girls wearing bikinis. You know it's funny. All these. These guys are like probably have more in common with Isis right. Well, the ISIS guys they make them cover the woman's whole body and walk behind them, and it sounds like these guys. Don't think. That's such a bad idea! Well, you know I'm just having fun here. You, okay, - yeah, you guys might have more, you might guys, might have better time with al-qaeda. So let me let me describe now for you and the longest way possible to come around to this. The idubbbz controversy. The controversy starts March 9th, when idubbbz girlfriend Anissa announces she will be making a only fans with premium adult content. Also she got fake, boobs, dude, [Music] and so the doom began. Let me preface by saying that I've met Aneesa I know her personally. I am good friends with Ian he's a close personal friend of mine, they've been dating for three years, I believe approximately and they seem so fast yeah I know. It's crazy. Well think. Remember the first time we met or was like when we just moved yeah, we just came here so yeah. They seem to have a very nice healthy relationship and clearly Ian loves her and supports her, and so that's what I know about them so but she's doing the, but also the fact that she's doing an only fence doesn't I, don't even know if it matters, but she's not doing like videos of porn, so she's not even doing news right that being sad, it doesn't even matter yes, yes, see. I had heard that and I wasn't sure if that was accurate, that that is the case. She's not no she's, not even doing news actually, because exactly basically any Instagram account these days of always like big right, no there's so many girls that are, you know, have millions of followers and that's basically what they do on Instagram, there's so much to unpack here and I personally found this whole thing to be really disturbing that that it's such a wide held belief that everyone has that there's some great crime being committed here. So so she so people start saying that here's here's some memes okay, just to give you an idea of what people are saying. Let's say you are the chosen one, it was said you would destroy the simps, not join them. Now. First of all, there's nothing's not a cent. His girlfriend is making a lot of money by the way he's. If the closest thing you could say is he's a [ __ ], which is somebody who allows a dude to [ __ ], but it's not, but that's not, but like again, that's! Yes, that's pretty far cry from what's happening, but that's kind of the image of people are portraying here, so you were Spence abusive, not join them, but it goes so deep. Okay! So if that's a problem, then are all these people are not watching porn right or okay. If they are watching porn, do they mean that all the girls that they're watching should never have a life should never have a normal boyfriend now they're, basically a lower grade person that is just there for their porn right? That's what I'm saying there's so much to unpack you're, absolutely right! I guarantee all these dudes who are so outraged, I mean the majority. Let's say: I'm not gonna speak for everybody, but the majority of dudes who are legitimately upset by this, our daily consumers of pornography, so that either means that they're not upholding themselves the same standard or that they're beating off to people that they just hate and despise, which in itself is just so weird and sick right, so something that doesn't already make sense. This me was actually funny, even though the concept doesn't make any sense. That's true! Well, that's a good point too. You've got the black Tamim aneesa's faces on the little blonde girl and ian is peeking through the window, which is funny, but that's, but if you're saying that her has me posting, let's just say, she's doing nudes, even though she's not plussing nudes on only fans is the same as getting gangbanged on black TOCOM I'm gonna, disagree, leafy even came back and made a video and well and I would show it, but there's really nothing to show. He just came back. He showed a clip of Ian saying he in and IANS response video. He says I don't care if dudes jerk off to pictures of my girlfriend and then and then leafy, came on and said he just showed that he said. Did you hear her [ __ ] [ __, ] dude, and that was it and people loved it? People loved the video and I said well leafy you're, putting about as much effort into your content as you ever did. You know, I would love people saying, oddly, if you come back, I would love to see leafy, come back and try to exist in the landscape today, like the content that he was making would never fly on YouTube today and you have to adapt and overcome the fact that, like you can't even curse pearl-like like I, don't know I'd like to see him try to make it come back but and again, I find it somewhat rich I, don't know how seriously if he was being or maybe because everyone was egging him on like leafy. You got to come back and make a video on items because his girlfriend's, the only fans account, and so you know to give leafy the benefit of the doubt. I think he was probably just playing into the gag. That being said, he is kind of questioning his his masculinity by calling him a [, __ ] right I mean alright. So I find that ironic, considering you can readily find pictures of Leif he's with his gaping [ __ ], essentially on the internet, I mean he has his nudes leaked and I'm, not gonna, obviously show them, but he's literally pulling his butt cheeks open an escaping shaved, [ __ ] on display, which is probably, if you're gonna. If you're gonna question a dude's masculinity and the traditional sense, which I would never do I'm just saying that was probably more feminine of a act to say. Here's my I present to you, my shaved, gaping [, __ ] for your for you to take. Then it sounds a way. Worse than anything, that's on her! Only fans -, if you don't dude, that's like infinitely worse. Oh there's, nothing wrong with any of it. I would never judge anybody, but I was only saying if somebody who is questioning the masculinity of another one worse to say, to have a photo like that on, the internet would be would be just kind of rich woman, say so I would say. If you have a picture of yourself, your own gaping, [, __ ] being presented saying take me. Take me I'm yours to not question other men's masculinity is what I would offer to the public at this course. I would offer people do not question anyone's masculine. I would never I would never I hate the whole conversation about everything, I hate alpha and beta terms and [ __ ] I, just hate. It I think it's them like anyone who even uses it I find it so unattractive. You might. If you want to talk about being attractive and like just don't even talk about this stuff, so done. Well, that's the thing because any but you're right cuz they in cell community these whole red pills. They don't attract other women and they make everything worse because they just trying to be cool to all the other red and black pillars that they're, so they become so bitterly unattractive because of [ __ ] like this, that no woman, no sane person would ever want to have anything to do with you, because you are so bitterly unattractive you're obsessed with other people's masculinity you're obsessed with, what's fair in the world you're obsessed with with all these issues of [, __, ] and scent and all the end chad's. It's like bro. How do you know you are the most unfuckable person that ever lived yeah, it's a self-fulfilling prophecy. It really is so that's my response, keemstar leafy on dubs Anisa. I that's funny. I guess I don't know the myth of consensual sex this one's great. This one is great ela the myth of consensual sex. I Tubbs I consent, Anisa I consent that all the N cells here, I, don't isn't there. Somebody forgot to ask I feel like that's very good: normally, it's Jesus there right and that mean format. Yes, yes, babe. It's 4 p.m. time for your dick flattening, what's dick flattening just stomp on his dick, it's just more of this [ __, ], ok, take flattening I was leafy in the dick, flattening. Well, I, don't know what I'm on a peg right. That's pegged I, don't know if that's flattening what that's not dead flat, come on, you're still getting dominated and I guess in a sense, the domination is there. So it there's a lot to unpack here, but in essence that the fact that this has sprung such a controversy so much people to say first of all, people were unsubscribing from Ian over this people were outraged, disappointed, I am I'm beyond myself and to those people who are if they are watching this I want to right now. I just want to speak directly to the Cameron I. Want you to hear this. You are the most unfuckable, repulsive creature. Sad thought you want. You. Are your sim Pro your simpleton, your simple mind, you're concerned about other people's relationships instead of improving your own physical parents and your own ability to attract women? Okay, your judgement of what, but you are a vile slime of a human that will nobody will ever want you, because you're so pathetic, calm down no I'm serious I'm, not calming down it's the saddest [ __ ] I have ever [ __ ] heard in my history on the Internet. Today, it's sad, it's [, __, ], -, [, __ ] care about Wow. It's sad! It's so sad, holy [, __, ], okay! Then people say so. Then people go. What do you guys have to say so far? Nothing I mean the the wider point about these people that are I mean I come from it from a slightly I mean it there's overlap with what you're saying to me. The most disturbing part of all of this is the kind of element of hero, worship or, like celebrity worship, which I watched. I Tubbs reply, video or whatever, and he really he addressed this too and I really do think. This is the part that bothers me. The most is the people that are like genuinely devastated feel like betrayed, like that. One mean that you show where they refer to him is the chosen one I know that's a Star Wars meme, that's like the format or whatever, but they're like legitimately, is a lot of people out there that, like hold these people, and such people like in in such high regard that like when this situation happens, they feel personally, like crushed and I, just think that that whole attitude and kind of a relationship that people have with their media personalities with the people that they watch is a really sick thing about our culture, and you know like, on the other, like I, think it's okay to poke fun of it or whatever, especially since like and even even said this. In his own video I mean the dude has a career lampooning people so, like he's, got to be able to take it himself, and he even like acknowledged a lot of the memes, were funny or whatever. So like people, you know dogging on him or whatever doesn't bother me as much as the people that are like saying that their lives are ruined by this. You know what I mean or thought that you were my hero and, like you really let me down here, and it's just like the dude is a [ __ ] youtuber man like you know he makes silly videos like you really the problem. The problem is with you not with him and yeah I mean this is a relationship. It's none of anybody's business and just you just shouldn't care that much it just doesn't [ __ ] matter, you know. Well, the hero. Worship is one thing but like even before you come to that point, for them to be that bitterly disappointed means that he did something unforgivable and what was that unforgivable thing right? That's his girlfriend, someone said allowing quote he's the word allowing so when he's dated for three years who healed is in love with who he has a mutual care and respect and understanding for he allowed her to make an only fans account. It's just like what makes everyone think that they weren't in on the whole thing. Together, they probably talked about it. A lot, no I'm sure I would assume yeah probably made a mutual decision. You know when you were in a relationship: that's how it works right, I'm, sure that is what happened yeah, but so that that's what makes them angry is that he allowed her to do it, yeah, you're, right and they're. Very much, that's very much telling on yourself by using that phrase when talking about it, because it's like she's our own person and like now and I'm sure you're, probably I, think you're, probably getting into this, but now like retro actively, people seem to be like digging up all these things about how she's, not a good person or whatever and I gotta, be honest, like I, so I, don't even [ __ ] care to look into that because it's like so I have I've looked into this stuff. So does it alone talk about next, because now everyone, everyone who's watching this who's super angry, because I'm missing the point. So now I'll talk to them, so they say: oh well, it's not it's not really about the only fans. That's that's just the tip of the iceberg. The real issue is that aneesa's, a bad person and they're, of course, referring to what, because they don't know her personally they're, referring to several videos. People have made about her. Let's see here if but I've got some I've looked at all this stuff, so don't so I'm well-aware lesea, so people are saying: oh people are saying that Ian is deleting comments, that is the dumbest people always say that every time I see this and my brain goes numb because you are, you are such so pathetic people. You know, YouTube has been the same for doing the same thing for years when a video is super popular and it gets a shitload of comments it gets. It gets not even filtered, they do filters for spam, but it shuffles it shuffles the comments at the top. Always it's always done that we've been accused of doing in comments when we didn't so I know every fact. Every time a new controversy comes up, then everybody is a genius it because they found coz because you're deleting comments it shuffles comments. It's always done that always why? So if, in tell me this, if Ian is erasing comments, why is it that all the 100 talk are the same copypasta that he apparently erased? If he wanted to erase it, he would just block the words in that he would erase all those and ban the users you wouldn't see it. Why is it that you could even accuse him when all the top 100 comments are copypasta of the apparently erase gone? He's? Definitely not erasing comments. Okay, that's my first point. So, let's see what's wrong with Anissa the woman. Let's see here is a counter-argument. People say I, find it weird that if you asked his fans of him using the n-word or the f-word made him inherently racist or homophobic, they would say no because it's obviously just done to be edgy. But if you ask him, if you ask if him calling someone a [, __ ] means he agrees, that woman needs to remain modest or whatever. Well, suddenly, everything needs to be taken literally so they're referring cuz people are going now through all his videos and finding him being calling womans, [, __, ] or [ __, ] or whatever, even even though he's never said anything explicitly about sex work. So they say this is evidence that that Ian agreed in the past agree disagrees with what this is doing. But this I mean this is a great point right. Nobody would ever accuse Ian of being a racist or homophobic or using the N or F word right, because, because he's just kidding he's just being edgy but the mitso. So that's a good point. I'm getting to the anisa part here. I just want to cover all of the topics for all the raging. Frothing people who are saying I missed the point. So here this here's one there's one that come one guy said, and he, although he's reasonable, he offers an insight into this puritanical perspective. He says: I, love, idubbbz and I simply have a stark disagreement with the ethics of supporting a sex worker and being comfortable with the girlfriend using her body for money. Here are some of my thoughts of those who have actual interest in understanding why people aren't liking this I. Don't like what porn does people neurologically I, don't like that? We as a society are willing willingly allowing people to gain power and influence based on sexual favors, rather than infinitely valuable things like philosophy, science, math technology, etc. Okay, big brain on that one! Well, no he's he's I think he's giving it. Those are people neurologically, well, I, think people are doing that by the way. - do you know what I think a lot of the anger comes from -? Is that like on Twitch and on only fans, you see a lot of young women who are achieving extraordinary success through really nothing more than being attractive? Yeah? That is a big thing. The hatred for titty streamers, yes, I, feel like feeds into this whole mindset big time it that that's something that I've always it's it's jealous, because yeah and and I and I empathize with them, because they think that other girls are not jealous. The girls are not that attractive. It's like okay, welcome to the club of not being a 10. Well right, but so I mean I am pit. I am Pathet, it's very difficult now and this time as much as it ever has been or more to be young and not knowing how to make a living. What comes next you're poor you're working a shitty job, and then you see this dis girl, who's, beautiful and she's, making ridiculous amount of money and, in your mind, and also she's talentless, she's just attractive, so I think that's part of the recipe that creates this. This kind of hatred towards towards women who are making them living in that capacity I mean, but that's just the way it is dude. You got to use what you got I mean: that's, that's something that they were born with, and it's asset. It's it's no different than being born with a big, beautiful brain which you value. You know you didn't do anything to be born with a big, beautiful brain that can do beautiful masculine things like philosophy, science, math and technology. You know what I mean we all got. We all got this hand that were dealt with and, however you want to play. It is that's it. You know, that's how it is. Dudes were [ __ ], the super-attractive bro, you think PewDiePie would be as popular as he is. If he wasn't like looked like a model, probably that's actually a really good point. All of the top male streamers are generally good-looking guys. You know, that's not like not like ten out of ten in the yellow-breasted Chad's, but their dick off, but it's the same in traditional media, yeah they're, all by the way, I'm not saying PewDiePie is not a mega talent that guys like a [, __, ], mega talent, hardest-working dude in the game, I'm just saying I'm just saying he also happens to be yeah. He also happens to be like the most handsome man ever I'm. Just saying you know it doesn't hurt yeah. What I really am trying to say is I would have 100 million subscribers if I was better-looking. So let me continue what I do like about this guy's reply, though, is that he is very polite, so I do give him credit for not going insane. He says lust is a net negative loss of energy energy time and even pleasure itself via the body system of diminishing returns. This guy's brain is huge. Porn use specifically alters the brain and reduces a person's facilities. A man or woman has the choice of being a sex worker and gaining fast, easy wealth that does know net positive to society. See that's actually debatable, and let me tell are disagree: that's a that's! Actually, that's probably actually factually wrong. Yeah I mean you look at it like I've in in places where sex work is legal. You you see less sex crimes so or by using their intellect or talent to better the what if they don't have intellect and talent, bro I, don't know why you think everyone is like some [ __ ] plate is blade, oh she's, just she's good-looking, and she, by the way, it's hard to keep a body in shape. You know how hard it is to actually. Let me look good to be a good. Pornstar also requires a talent, yeah dude, it's not like everyone. Can you don't succeed at anything in life without being good at it? Yeah I feel, like he's, also he's massively inflating the sort of influence and power of sex workers. You know when he's talking about instead they're using their bodies to gain Fame and influence the most the most famous porn star out. There is still like you think that they're, like this highly regarded they're running for a bigger in society, right yeah, like that the highest-paid most respected porn star, is about at the level of like a sea or d-list celebrity. You know, I mean like this. Isn't like a premier industry that you know it's not that glamorous. So it's like what does he talk? It's also a heavy trade off I mean it's not like you're, just taking the easy way out: you're trading off your privacy society that looks down on you to like this guy. Well, clearly, yeah. Let's see he goes on by saying easy. Well, that is not net individuals, men, a woman who stoop to the level against stooping to the level I'm, not sure that I agree with there. Any level is being stooped to of founding a career off of profiting from carnal desires that hurt people as a whole. That's again, what who is being hurt by propagating lust and attack and lack of self control will gain power via s Jesus you're such a big brain ascertained resources and become our bosses or your politicians No. When does that ever happen? The men and women who use porn are just as bad okay, so he's saying the men and women who use porn are just as bad by enabling the direct transfer of wealth to exploitive people who are often found exploiting other individuals like children or the disabled bro. What plan are you? There's got crazy and crazy. He's saying people who watch porn are just as bad because they enrich people who are exploited if by nature and often exploit children or disabled people. Why oh yeah I mean I mean I. There's a nugget there that sort of makes sense, because it's like yeah I mean a lot of the sex industry is really dark and there's a lot of shady stuff going on, and people being abused and everything, but um they're, saying that yeah I know well right. I mean I'm sure that that goes on, but I mean that that is a wider, more pervasive thing than the porn industry. I mean that that's that's all Hollywood. Do you know what I mean like that's that goes on everywhere in regards to the sanctity of a man's girlfriend? Yes, I do enjoy the exclusivity that comes with bonding with a woman. I realized other men are going to lust for her, but I don't care because the only damage themselves and I wouldn't want to exploit their lust or splayed my girlfriend's body well, knowing the harm it will do to her sight psychologically. With all that being said, I do wrong nearly every day, I'm, not the judge, and will continue enjoying his content as long as it's entertaining. So this disguise obviously coming and when I say puritanical, there's a lot of religious tropes here. So there's a very conservative type of thing with like lust ink and the sanctity now again, I wouldn't be know. If Ella wanted to do, Oh, Noli fans I wouldn't be comfortable with that [Music] we would. We would have lots of conversations about it and at the end of the day, if we're both on comm or if one of us is uncomfortable, we I wouldn't do it yeah and that's how we do a lot of stuff in our life yeah. It's my point. You know like we decided to move here, and that was a big decision for both of us, for example yeah. If I was uncomfortable living here, it would probably be a conversation for us and we would have to deal with it, but that's just I mean like I, don't know it's that's just being in a relationship. I just think these people are assuming that she's just dragging Ian into whatever she wants right, she's the evil she's the evil, just the beta temptress yeah. You know just following whatever she says: it's like it doesn't work like that. If you choose to be together and make it work, you make things work. Sometimes you have to compromise on little things or big things or big things, but at the end of the day, you're doing what's best for you, your your priorities to be with that person, because it's the best for you I, think that well, I personally, wouldn't want other do to see my my wife naked there's, nothing wrong with by the way, if either was like I want to make annoying fans I think it would be a really good career. Avenue I, like being you know, maybe I find that it makes me feel more confident and I just enjoy the whole thing. Then then, there's nothing wrong with that. If I'm, okay with it. If we come to that understanding, which is what they've done clearly, so that's one, but let's, let's get into what is wrong with Annie, so I keep getting a sidetracked here. Okay, here we go exposed. Video man they've been exposed videos on her forever. Let's see she's had one comment about justifying the Holocaust I watched, this video I'm not gonna, play because I'm afraid you two will take it down, but she goes. She says that the Holocaust was bad, but the Nazis made lots of groundbreaking experiments on their human experiments. That's what she said: I'm [, __, ] hair, just one she used to livestream a lot. This is one snippet again, it's like how desperate and how? How hard are you trying to make her look bad? Who gives a [ __ ] about one thing she said on a on a stream. Do I think that she's a Nazi sympathizer who said that no obviously not use your [ __ ] head and he says saying that we're all just one bad stream away from an only fans account. So there was a girl who was selling nudes to help the Australian fire who raised like a ton of money and Anissa said we're all just one at stream away from an only fans account, and so somehow that's her they're using that against her I don't get. It is a funny joke. In fact, she probably had already had something she'd I've been thinking about for a while I think it's a funny comment. I, really don't see how that proves: she's a bad person, apparently she traced over art and claims that her own ear. You tell me what you think about this again. She just posted on Instagram I, don't think she's selling it or anything. I could be wrong about that. She said: I drew some art, so here's thought here's what she drew, and this is what people are saying she copied I, don't know if she's even selling it so again like. How are we proving that this is by the way this has 300 likes like I mean what? How are you substituting this for knowing a person and saying she's a bad person? Okay, so that's her other big transcription preaches body, but body positivity and also fat shames people. Okay, who [ __ ] cares. You know I mean okay, cool she's a hypocrite. Are we all hypocrites like at one point in a life or another, they say a hypocrite. Is somebody who there's a great thing about hypocrites dan? Look. It up, they say hypocrite is somebody who is just somebody who hasn't learned something yet I, don't know something like that type that you'll find it it's a great quote: Aneesa apparently wanted to join Zooey, burgers group and answer it's I, don't think we've and then there's here's. The big one is that there there was a leak from a discord group of Annisa bitching about idubbbz. Somebody has even made a tumblr account dedicated to her called Aneesa receipts. Tumblr calm I mean dude. My life like really just get a life I, don't want to say so. She had a private group yeah. You could say that you could really say that she had a private, a discord that got leaked. What does private mean? It was with her and I. Don't know who was in there happy friends or friends? No honestly, according to these Danny are exact. You did the research on this who write or who did this research I did the first stuff together. What was that discord group that was it friends or fans? I was like paid subscriber people as far as I could tell well at any case it was not meant to be leaked. She was bitching about. She was having a hard time with Ian, and then this was like from so couple years ago, and now people took a private conversation and keeps sharing it everywhere to show what a snake or by I don't know whatever you know people forget every but nobody's perfect. We we all have a right to make mistakes and do [ __ ]. You know I, said something on Twitter, that everyone thought it was a total slam dunk, because I tweeted out what if Ian just loves and supports his girlfriend, did anyone ever think about that yeah? And somebody said: okay, fine, but she's still a bad person and I responded. Okay, so let him figure it out at his own time, like what I don't know what I said was that well clearly, you know her better than he does right and and people thought Oh Ethan is such a hypocrite. He makes his whole career from criticizing other people. Yeah and I would never assume to tell somebody that knows them personally for years that then that I know them better than than that. Yeah Ian has dated her for three years: I'm, pretty sure he's crunched the numbers and decided he doesn't think she's a bad person I mean we think. What is what just this whole thing I'm this humbler. This is a dark place, we're in a dark place, and you know I'm pretty sure that this all just comes from her dating in and I think people up just because Ian has that has traditionally been so untouchable and because his whole career is criticizing other people. People are always so thirsty to take down the don touchable right, especially in the commentary community for them, that's like so so, I think ever since it was announced they were dating. There's been this wild manhunt on Aneesa and and- and this is the result of it right and so the minute she made, the only fans I think every anyone who was following this knew that they're, like oh baby. This is our time yeah yeah. This is our time. I'm gonna click this. What is this? It's just peeing in the shower, she says I shall birth in and he was here and he peed on my leg and thought it was funny. So somebody snip that and that's that's that right there is them exposing her okay, he's a demon, unforgivable I mean look I'm, not saying, and so to that again to that people who say Oh Ethan your meteor, your career, criticizing people, you don't know I'm, not saying you can't criticize her okay, but I would never tell someone basically what you're sick saying to Aneesa and Ian it's that Aneesa is undateable she's unlovable, now she's damaged goods forever, because there's only fans and because of a few videos I've seen of her and that make her look bad. Therefore, therefore she's a terrible person and and and you look at we're all world- you know you can cut up all of our lives and put it in a video and and make us look if we were all first of all. If we were all defined by the worst thing we ever did in our life. What kind of world would that be? Not even saying she did anything really wrong, I'm, just saying you all got to use your [ __, ] heads and yes, I, make videos slamming people and I make them look as bad as I can in that video, usually just for the sake of the argument and the sake of entertainment and making a persuasive argument, a video I try to be fair, though I mean there's a lot of bad faith. People out there I tried to be fair with my criticism. I would never just say it. I, don't know every video I've ever made, but I just say this. This is a bad dude. Nobody should be friends with this. Dude he's a bad dude. Nobody stake him he's untouchable, I know, but thanks to all you uh, thanks to all you guys who are blowing this up- and he says only fans is now I'm like the top 1% and she's banking. Hard off here. Guys is outraged, so I'm not sure what that means about what you guys been up to she's literally, like the top 1% I, think we're crunching over. She was making like thirty to fifty thousand dollars a month. Isn't that awesome? So congratulations to her. What percentage of the people that are super upset in leading comments about this have paid to sign up for only fancy thing? What percent that's really high I would probably say, like I, would probably say, like 40%, of those people close close to half of those people that are talking about all of that it have gone and paid the $5 or whatever to see her. Not a dude I have to assume here are the pictures it's just her like in a bikini or whatever yeah. You know it's funny. She doesn't do nudes, apparently I haven't been in there and looked but I know so when she got her boob jobs done. She was posting recovery photos and she posted one topless with like something covering her nipples and now people went and photoshopped it. So it looked like she's, nude and they're passing that one around as well as she does do news. Oh my god, people are so crazy. I really don't but like in made his response, video and it has 200,000 dislikes and people were unsubscribing from his channel. So some people are really upset about this, which is just oh good. I, don't intend for them to can I say what's on his desk, what's going on there yeah? Why don't he clean up a little bit for this video? That's offending me more than anything peanuts, some kind of Arby's drink tissue and spilled. It taste you en damn. Oh he's got the same desk I. Do it's the standing desk, I love that desk mm-hmm bamboos and everything I think his room is supposed to look like a dump I'm assuming because there's like graffiti out of that but um, you know I think Ian really did a good job sticking it to all these kids. They said people said he was defensive dude. What? What does that even mean people are saying to criticizing? He was defensive, he's yeah, he's telling you kids he's telling you guys to [ __ ] off, and so, if it sounds defensive, maybe it's because he's saying [, __, ] off I mean he even even said that the jokes were funny and he was down with it and he's just upset about all the kids who are actually angry and upset. So yeah I, don't know man how many what percentage of them are subscribed. I have to assume a lot, because, first of all, to be so pathetic and sad to come here and dislike and be angry is the same overlap of pathetic sad people that would pay for our only fans account and I. You know, I mean damn who the [ __ ] pays for our only fans, it's crazy, there's so much pretty porn. Why it's the same person, though? That's what I'm saying it's the real simp and look whatever I'm just saying everyone's pathetic I'm not paying for she doesn't do nudes for Christ's sake and you're, paying to see I, don't know, I wouldn't do it. You wouldn't do it, but I'm gonna, call him pathetic. I. Would sad I would but that's fine. You know it's [, __ ] pathetic. How else would you describe it? I, don't know II, don't know what happens there. It's some kind it's a way of following her yeah, connecting with ya at least what choice. If you scoring on her, like that's like a Nick she's fulfilling you know what I mean I wonder if there's gonna be a Trisha collab. Okay, there you go huh squirting on each other. That's got to be a genre right, smurfing, each other, there's not what she called it smurfing. When she drank a lot of blue Powerade. Yeah, maybe smells up there too. That was actually the words yeah. So in summary, I think I. Think Ian made this video like I, don't care who I offend, because here's the thing he's being the same dude. He has always been he's sticking to his kanji stick of his principles and he doesn't care who he offends and who he just who disagrees with him. It just so happens that some of his so-called fans are the ones that this time he's going after so you think he's being defensive. I think you're a sad, pathetic [, __, ], loser, there's no anything about life, relationships, happiness, mutual trust or respect and I. Frankly, I wish that I wish that I wish love on you. I wish I wish that you would find love and happiness in this world. I do I wish so have I said enough. Yes, have I said enough. Anyone want to add something before we move on there's nothing else to say: I mean just don't worship these people like or even like, even though everybody just people like yeah, it's true, that's a good well, but also that ties in with the John Lennon thing you know they imagine like, like these people are so [, __, ] self. They think so highly of themselves. You know they're feeding into the worship, but a backfire, but that's that I agree with I mean that's self evident right, but think so, but like then you see these kind of reactions and the people just having [ __ ] meltdowns about mrs. burrows about eating hating women and Simpson City streamers, no problem you're just mad. They have a competitive advantage over you because they have tents, and you know: hey Alfredo, how's his eye surgery, yeah alrighty. What else you got yeah, Ian's exact. Do you want to say anything? I agree with your point completely and Ian I mean dude, just quit being a [ __ ] cent? Oh, who hates the good sorry, you know who hates the word. Simp is Dan. He yelled at me at the office misrepresenting cuz at the office. Zach is a soundboard like they had a human. He just says the same words like 50 times, and it drives us crazy obsessed with DOOL DOOL DOOL Illuma I'm obsessed with the new album. That's the best part that I've heard in 10 years and Ian. You agree with really yeah her musics good. It's it's a good album! That's close! It's tough, but it's debatable. He was just kinda. He was giving it up for that and then I threw him the curveball I'm like what about your girl Ariana and that that really threw eating off. He wasn't so sure after I brought her up. So you know, if you have, if you're on it, does it if there was all humanity's wiped out, it's just you Arianna and do a do a liebe food. You recruit, you don't have a choice. I mean you doll the hole it's up to you. The world is in your hands and I'll answer. Yeah. Okay! Go ahead! Nobody you first humanity's over bro, come on answer. If I had to pick I, don't know man I out of the music I'd, probably take our music. That's not what I was asking you know. I was asked I, guess, I, Dick, Ariana, that's right, I! Think I picked the doula, Lipa really I! Think yeah you gave me cuz. Are you well Ariana's just Arianna? She just looks like a little girl, dude I, don't know what to say my into like the whole. She just look. She looks like she's. 12 do can I say: dude looks like a powerful woman's. Not do I, don't know her name. What's her name, do what duolingo duolingo that's right do leap. Hmm, there was something else. I wanted to say. Oh yeah I keep calling I keep asking either if I'm a simply cuz now I just don't know like I go ela. Do you want coffee and I'm like what am I some kind of [ __ ] ass, simp I'm, bringing I'm doing [ __ ] for you, like I, have to be like extra masculine now to make sure I'm, not simple. No, you bring me coffee. I you I, allow you it's like, oh alright, so we have some other topics to get to obviously Tricia and Moses ILA's brother and Trisha Paytas. The saga continues, oh yeah, we're just gonna have to get them on a call, because this whole thing is just it's. It's irritated and your brother I have to say he's so unforeseen that it it's working me. It really is working me because he always goes. He goes. Oh there was just you know. It was the quarantine and my place got broken into and I didn't have anyone to stay with and I was like. Okay but I know you're, but I know your brother's not like that your bros like self-sufficient, he can he's not like I need to can I stay with you. My place got broken right. You know. If you he could stay with us yeah. You wanted to [ __ ] Trisha. He won't just admit that he won't just tell me that he wants to [ __ ] Trish or that he likes her and then he goes and then he goes it's over and I'm. Not it's not even that I'm upset that they're together. I just want him to tell me what's happening mm-hmm so then he think he thinks that I like I, don't want him to be with her or something and that's not I, just want him to tell me the truth. So Trish is [, __ ] with us. Obviously you upload this video I think it was yesterday mine for you, guys, I'll teach you here we'll just cut out for this. Moses is tied up crying behind the camera right now, she's only dating closes, so she can get close to any other. Hey love: oh okay, yeah in pet debt, yeah huh and I'm Mad Men, none Soumik I am what's so mad Salma, oh so mad, so I sent this Somozas, I, say dude, I, think she's, trying to say something here like what's going on again: I'm, not angry I just want to know. What's up, and he goes he says. Oh, she learned it all on her own I was really impressed. That's all he said I was like. Do you think that there's anything weird about the fact that you just uploaded video said I'll teach you Hebrew he's like? Oh yeah? No, no! That's just you know like he won't say anything and that's. What's pissing me off about this whole thing. What do you think about I really don't know, and then he told us that it was over and then she still posted a picture with him. But that's the thing: I, don't favor! If he's [, __ ] her I, just don't know why he's lying to us yeah! Well, I! Don't easy in it stuck I'm like a goofy ass, but but what what do you think it is a question? It's not really lying he's, not saying it's lie by omission, he's avoiding saying anything, here's another one, amazing sex during quarantine. This is Moses I, wonder who she's talking about smashed on the fire? You know what she means by that this you mean that he's living with her cuz. That's not what he told us well, I think what she means is that they're, like they're in the circle like in the New York healthy. You know they can Rim together, no rooming Oh. What is this she's got? This she's got the bejeweled Febreze bro. Look at this. What she has the Khloe, Kardashian bejeweled freeze, get that Trisha what the hell, what a flex yeah! You know. It's tripping me out about Trisha how she's liking everything she was in Nathan for you did you know that? No because I watched that's like my favorite show ever and I watched it before I knew anything about Trisha hold on. Let me show you and we keep saying she's been in every show and it's like she will either early. So she was that remember how he had that show about the security guard, who loves big tits. She was the big titty girl that he fell in love with a game machine in the it's, not crazy, the game machine, it's about a security guard who gets distracted whenever he sees a girl with big tits and that's a reality. She's pitching a reality show about this guy because he's so interesting, so she's so young, but but again it's like he goes, and then this is from just like so recent here. Why do you have to post pics on Twitter? Just keep it private here she is with Moses yeah. This is from March 31st Theodore's Hans is the das comet, you know it's not disrespect. People are saying it's disrespectful, it's not necessarily disrespectful! It's just weird that nobody's telling us what is going on. You cannot do you know what I'm saying it's like if like like. Why is nobody telling me what's going on it's your [ __ ] brother? We see so we talked to us brother. Like all the time he's over our house like every weekend, yeah, that's his new family ian is in here I'm, seeing on Twitter that 69 has been released. No. Are you afraid that 69 came and took him out or something yeah? No, you know he ins offend, but I am afraid that 6/9 gonna get murdered out of prison. Ian's computer must have crash or something because he's a he's gone from everything and he's not replying to whatsapp. Either his house got hit by meteors or something I. Don't know, hey whoa, so 69 is out of prison too bad he's not here to comment on that. Let's remind him when he comes back so then so then the other thing I want to discuss here is Governor. Andrew Cuomo of New York has been in the limelight quite a bit since this yes pandemic has hit. He has stepped up to the plate. He has been giving press conferences daily. He is stepped up for the people of New York State, but something has caught the world's eye that we must debate here on on this stage. Does Governor Andrew Cuomo have a nipple piercing? Oh, here's a separate photo. This is good to see. So if there's something Hey okay, so we have a lot of evidence to go over. So first here's the one from heavy calm. It's got him waving now, I'm gonna zoom really close. So here it definitely looks like a piercing. So here it does. Look like a piercing I agree. I mean it looks like two studs on either side of the nipple, and so it's hard for this one. It definitely looks like it, but this is why you need to look at it from all different angles here: have an image or album. So here you can see this is where I think it's a suspender here. It starts to look crazy because he's got one on each nipple he's got one nipple to nipple the same thing: it's a crisp crust. So now, I don't see just two studs I see four studs criss-crossed. It looks like a suspender because it's the same thing on his left and that's what I'm saying looks. What are you talking about? If you, if you were suspenders outside you, look like a goofball, you don't look like a governor, but this is it's not even possible because the suspenders hold defense right yeah and he tucks his shirt. I, don't know if this shirt stuck. That is a key question. It is you see in the other that he tucks his shirt. I can't see the bottom anywhere. Let's find I can't see this. Oh okay, so here it's tucked yeah, so you're wearing a belt and suspenders I. What is going on with your body? No exactly so. The suspender would be instead of about basically or in addition, but it would be on top of the shirt for sure Oh see here. Whoa whoa whoa this cinched, this whoa whoa. So here his nips, look fine! So it could it be just hair like crazy this to parties all right. Let's go! Let's, let's go image, my image, because you guys can't see my screen yeah. Are you a major open? So we've got the top one? The second one I'm gonna, look at the signora's waving yeah right now, there's a distinctive cross-section, I, sort of see what you mean yeah, like an axe over his net. Let's see it now he wouldn't be wearing a lav in this photo. There's he's not miked he's just walking around so the other prominent theory. Maybe I know some dudes have sensitive nipples that get chafed a lot on shirts. So I wonder if he has some kind of pasty or banding over his nipple to prevent chafing I have known I would be lumping lives. It wouldn't be lumpy like that night. You know it is kind of lumpy in just message me. My internet is completely down. Oh, that's sad! Well tell him: what do you think he said he said he's downloading zoom on his phone now well, but I do want to know what he thinks about this okay. Well, what kind of nipple piercing would create an X pattern on the nipple? Have you guys seen anything? That's like that, but I agree that that it's a lot of hardware but here's the thing. Look, that's the only picture that looks like that and if you scroll down a couple more to the photo where he's like kind of starting to take off his jacket, so so yeah, okay, so on this now, are these all from the same day Dan most of them yeah, because it was this polo shirt that made it really apparent. Most of the time he's wearing a suit jacket that covers look he's not a snip. It's above is not it's a lot of hairy thing: whoa whoa, whoa, whoa whoa! This is his net. It looks like he has moles or some kind of growth or something or warts cuz. That's his nipple right. There see and I'll also point out if you scroll one more photo down. This is the one where you can see his full body with the belt and the tucked in shirt. Yeah and I can tell you with the way, not only the belt, but the way that his shirt is tucked in the suspenders on the inside, wouldn't be able to connect to the areas out. I think him I think meant him and mrs. Cuomo get freaky in the bedroom. He's single Oh on this jacket, okay, I feel like his nipples are distinctively not part of whatever you see going on. That's his nipple, that's his nipple there's something above the nipple which we could be hair awards a mall short you're. Assuming that he has normal ass nipples I mean these things could be dinner plates dude, no I see. Don't you see his nips are separate than from the boss. You're look you're looking at the one where he's taking off the jacket yeah another one jacket, yeah yeah right um, so you see where they big bomb under the UH. You see his nipple right, I, see that other little bump down there I, don't know why you assume that one, because look on the right you can see is because on the right you can see his nip. Let's, let's keep looking yeah. Hmm, you should see if you can find a shirtless pic of him again, I I'm thinking that this isn't the nipple at all. What we're looking at and again, what is all this forensic details? You've got here, Dan I, don't know where this was found. What what is kendall Jenner pierced meant to do for me she has my dearest nipple, it's so close up. What can I make? It looks like I'm looking a lot like a subatomic, yeah I'm, not sure see, then. If you go to the one with the flag, 2016, okay and look at his nipples, those look totally normal right, which it goes I mean that's four years ago, and he since has well I, guess not divorced but broken up with his long-term girlfriend, which we should really bring that information in, because I feel like she's. It adds a lot of new shades to this whole thing. What his ex had to say about the situation right, I'll get I'll get so people are saying it's this barbell but see I'm not buying that because I'm seeing a cross pattern, but that I mean okay. So we've got a barbell. Why would you wear those to work? Man, yeah? Wait, you keep it in at all times. You don't take it out so Cuomo's prior girlfriend. So this this is very interesting. You and you're not gonna, want to miss this Cuomo's prior girlfriend Sandra Lee, who he dated for ten years, yeah up until 2019 posted a video telling people to stop body, shaming, Andrew, that's right body, hair, she's, talking take a moment and say: I woke up this morning to a lot of stuff going on online, a lot of stories being written and a lot of nonsense being said: hey and I just want to say what a shaming is not okay, so the implication that body shame is going on makes me very much wonder what she's not saying. There's a misunderstanding right. She said right as a body. Shame, but then my other question is a pierced nipple that isn't really a body. Shame right, nope, which makes me think it may be some kind of mole or disfiguration I, think the dude's got dinner plate nipples I, don't know really large, though I agree with Dan silver dollar pancakes. You find me a nipple that would justify that chair, look, trust and I know I'm gonna watch this video working so hard for all of our benefits. To then turn around a body. Shame. Shame on you knock it off, do something to uplift people and make the world a better place to not take cheap shots that are unnecessary. This isn't helping Sandra, but I know I'm, really just debating it's just a silly thing. Everyone is praising him I think we all just want to know. What's going on under the shirt, oh by the way, did you know that Jeffrey, Epstein and Weinstein were like close friends? Wow, that's awesome! I, don't remind me, because I saw an article on the bottom of that I'm on his Instagram. Trying to see if there's any Jeffery up seems nice didn't know the governor. Oh, so she doesn't deny that he's pierced the body. Shaming thing really adds a lot more inch. It makes it more confusing I feel uh huh. Well, what do you? What do you make of it? You think she's saying he was weird nipples, yeah, I and I think because it's an ex I think this is a total. You know caddy nice girl way like she's like defending him, but really she's selling him out for his free gas giant dinner plate nipple. Well, the fact that she's addressing body shaming does indicate that it's somehow a a you know a feature of his body right and the reason to that I think that she might, this might have a shade of maliciousness to it is in that same article wasn't in the video, but in the article the people that talked to her just asked her out. Right, very simply like do you know, is his neighborhood are his nipples pierced and she declined to answer if they weren't, like obviously, she didn't know. Of course. No! No, but so next, maybe in her mind, she's just like um did I refused to participate yeah, but she went out of her way to make the whole video she is burning in with all this talking yeah exactly what does it mean could have dismissed it instantly? That's the video here's, the video, that's that basically sparked the the debate. If you're wanting to watch this, here's the video I'm gonna zoom in on the video as it's playing swatch, these emotion see here. It certainly does look like a barbell, but both nips I promise. You I will not ask you to do anything, I, don't know here. It definitely looks like a does. This make him a simp or a [, __ ], that's fascinating I mean it's fascinating. The other thing I want to add. There's a couple more things. I want to cover. My throat is like dying. I want to record a video in HD video. My throat is gonna explode if I keep talking much more, but the next thing I wanted to go over. Zoom fails in the spirit of everyone using zoom. Nobody says anything. Goddamn I was just laughing say something she walked through the bathroom and she placed the phone like in a spot that looking directly at her too. You know if I'm good, if I'm on a phone call and I'm about to do something like that. I date, I like triple freaking, KwaZulu luck, yeah to make sure my shits not showing, but there you go. I noticed before we started and I noticed that now they show you a preview of yourself and they're like there's a video all right, you're aware, and you have to like click, because I think before it just starts just gets right into it. Yeah that's how they work right with FaceTime on everything. So here's another one, dude is here, you go feast your eyes, and this is trying to say so. They all said hi and just walk the way they said bye all right. So there's that here's, my favorite one I guess so the a lot of classrooms are taking place over Zune right now. Zoom zoom is what the Boomers call it, and people are it's just a public link, so people are somehow share, will somehow it's a classroom. They share the link and they post it on like Twitter or something, and then a bunch of people just start bombing the classroom. So here's an example of that [Music]. It's like a million people joy there you have. It have fun that streamer black guy to mad has just been doing this over and over again I guess on Twitch good. What looked to me like light-hearted fun, the FBI has released a statement at fbi.gov FBI, warns of teleconferencing and online classroom hijacking. Third ovid nineteen pandemic. Well, so I guess they're not that busy at the FBI. Well here, let me read it: I, don't know if it's illegal they're, just warning people, the FBI has received multiple reports of conferences being disrupted by pornographic or a dodges. Do not make meetings or classrooms public they're just giving guidelines. Yadda yadda yadda FBI hard at work. Oh, this I thought was an interesting stat. This week, March 20th through 26th of last year, the box office, the movie box office, brought in two hundred and four million dollars. Okay, the same week of twenty twenty, the box office brought in five thousand dollars, one hundred and seventy nine dollars this economy is that was hard hit. Man I wonder how do they get that five thousand? Really but yeah I, don't know? No wonder! Oh, we got the Skippy video poor, Skippy I keep not be able to get to him. We got to start with Skippy next time because it says could be next time and we can't without yen because he's the one who edited okay. So so that's really exciting for next week, because this this video is incredible. That's it cardi B made a GoFundMe for Joe exotic from tiger King. The cut that GoFundMe shut down yeah Oh Jay Simpson says that Carol Baskin killed her husband. What which is ironic, obviously for all these purposes, isn't that awesome? You guys watch it. The tiger King Zack has I, haven't had a chance to you. Oh hey! Here's OJ, here's, oh Jake, commenting on tiger King I can't look because I'm blocked. So this is me and not logged in hey Twitter. Well, yours, truly I just got back from the golf course where I actually played pretty well. Now it's back and by the way I was hearing an interview of someone who played with OJ and they were saying he's like he's like a super hard rager on the on the face, he's just angry all the time when he golf's I've known people like that, like I, used to play disc off a lot and some people they they just get so down on their selves, and it's so angry that you learn a lot about somebody on the UH on the course you really do so. Perry is a very angry golfer, listen I've had so many people on my case asking me to watch some show call tiger King. Well, yesterday, I watch this show and oh my god is America in this bad, a shape, change about six episodes of this show and I couldn't believe what I was looking at white people. What's with you and while animals leave them animals alone, but it's so crazy. You kind of keep watching. One thing, I will say: there's got a shred of doubt in my mind that that lady's husband is uh, Tiger sashimi right now. Don't you appreciate it? It takes one to know one: oh man, I love, it I'm, just okay, I'm just saying how come on don'ts here. So, let's see what the comments that he's gonna be good, yeah I think he just blocked everyone. That's been talking, [, __, ], yeah, oh geez, Simpson, Carroll, Baskin, locked in a house together for a month would be, must watch TV, so Oh Jay Simpson, accusing a spousal murder, something he knows a lot about and that's about it que si telling. Oh. This was funny no offense to que si he's just [, __ ] hilarious que si telling a well here, I'll I'll. Let you watch this for yourself and you tell me if you think it's funny. [Music] [Music] yeah I love the idea of someone with autism. They get well soon. Just great it's awesome! So that's it! That's our show for the day, I want to remind everybody that that what am I reminding people, a fresh, yes, steady, fresh Teddy, fresh eyes, are [ __ ]. It's high quality people that buy it like it. It looks really good. It feels very like today. Thank you. The quality of the shirt is actually ridiculous. Also we're gonna giveaways, we're gonna continue to give away things during this recession, so the winner is their hoodies. That was cool that's round one mm-hmm so go to Teddy. First calm, our official teddy fresh on Instagram. If you want to participate in giveaways, we have no sponsors. Today, the recession is hitting hard folks, we had a fun had a fun at time, though today and I thank the guys for joining us. Welcome, I'm. Sorry, he hadn't died halfway through the episode. He's he's gone rest in peace, Dan glad to know that our office is at least going to good use. Yeah I appreciate you. Let me crash here for a couple weeks. You know it's hard hard times, yeah no problem at all and Zach. You must be you. Are you yeah you Zach is sucking out of those parents. You can see the girl. For me it sounds rough yeah, that's uh! It's pretty rough yeah! It's it's pretty! It's pretty rough! You are you getting. Are you getting annoyed with your parents hundred percent yeah? What do they do? That annoys you? What are their thing? What's their stick, it's just like the bickering and you know I think it will just like everyone, the bickering and like it just it. Just don't [ __ ] much like I mean I love. My parents don't get me wrong, but it's just oh no I'm scared, like today, I haven't I've, been fine for, like two weeks and like today, I've been walking a lot I had like a full-fledged anxiety attack. Today it was bad. What are you worried about? I, don't want to get it a [ __ ] man like yeah I'm, surviving I'm, making dude I'm just playing guitar and stuff like that. So I hope you get some really inspired day. They extend from the underneath putting the phone okay yeah, send a picture of your manicure - [ __ ] gave me well. I was thinking about getting my nipples pierced -. So there you go hell yeah I did there you go what's the time yeah over there. How are you guys doing you doing well we're doing good, like Mike like similar to what it's a lot to be at home with a kid. So just feeling more exhausted in general yeah, it's also fun to spend more time with him. So the dogs are happy. The dogs have agree. They don't know why we're home all the time, but, to be honest, I mean very similar to what Dan said. Is that I'm I'm a naturally uh I'm, not an adventurous physically person? I do I'm averse to leaving my house for the most part slow. The only time it really hits me is with fear that were cuz he's like he needs so much activity is that it's like I wanna go somewhere with him, because I run out of things to do it in this house, I mean the hard part. You can't go visit. Anyone. My parents can't come Cynthia door. We can't order. We can't go out to eat that sucks um, but you know cooking's been fun, I've been cooking along, that's been nice, but I mean look. It's it's not bad. Yeah! Look I'm, not gonna. Look I've got a pretty nice setup here. Okay I mean so I got really nothing right. Shredder. Are you guys going to the grocery store you having like at home delivery delivery mmm? So what we do is when we get it. We clear the counter specifically for the groceries. We put it down through all the packaging away. Sanitize everything put it away, sanitize the counter, throw that away wash your hands and call it a day. Yeah! That's how you gonna do it. I haven't ordered out, since it happened, though, and I'm getting kind of antsy but I just I'm, so paranoid I don't want no, apparently not as yeah I said: [ __ ] it a couple times and and ordered something. Weird like we was kind of weird I was worried about it, but yeah. So far, so good I mean like I, wouldn't got takeout from a Mexican place and I was a man. I was so paranoid after his, but apparently I'm fine, I, hate, [, __, ] - by the way did with the floor was wet and I [ __ ] a real at the restaurant. The manager came over to me and he was like he was so I mean I hate, [, __, ], so hard. He wrote you get one free meal on a business card and gave it to me. Eddie well, now got filled back all the way and then and then at the end, when I finally got my order, they're like I'm, so sorry you're a one free meal. Okay, are you? Okay? That's the important thing. Yeah I think they just didn't. Want me to sue them. I I would never use that by the way, because, like it's just his business card and it's, he wrote with a sharpie one free meal, I like if I tried to use that and then what is a meal mean you know what is it then I get aside? Does that mean he'll eat? Can you imagine I go in there all right, so I'll have two burritos and I give him the card. Okay, well, usse loves a big for the other burrito. It's one meal. Here's one meal! I, you tell me I, ate [ __ ]. Neither can't get two free burritos, so I threw it up. I saw the whole thing blowing out my mind yeah. Maybe we should go get some takeout Mexican food I love that they do say that there haven't really been infections through. Like that's what a doctor, I guess was saying right. So that's just throw the packaging now yeah take the food yeah dr. agus was funny. He goes Howard's like so, if you microwave it for 15 seconds doesn't kill the virus, he goes I would say, put in the microwave. If you want your food, warm, you know, Ian's got a poster of bubbles and Michael Anna's room other picture of Howard Stern I, don't know, move your camera yeah. It's a alright! Well guys! Thank you for joining us. Thank you. Everybody for watching I hope that your quarantine is going well. I'm gonna be pushing myself to the limit to bring you entertaining content to help us. Through these troubled times, I'm gonna make another extra cute video we're gonna, keep making podcasts we're not going anywhere yeah same thing where they are pretty fresh, we're really trying to adjust to the situation. It's not easy, try not to lay anybody off all of our employees, not you guys, you guys. Obviously, this 20 employees on Teddy fresh. We were also like. We had no photo sure, but clearly you can do a photo shoot. So we were thinking what's a creative idea and then we ended up just sending the clothing to the models that we were gonna use and just instructing them and they shot themselves in the requirement and came out really good yeah, really good weight, trying to work with what we got a lot of deliveries were being pushed to. So it's all coming like everything we plan is changing the best laid plans of mice and sims. Are you, since my angel wisdom, but into alpha Chad there? He is look at him. He's such an alpha. Chad he's office, bug yeah. He is alrighty, so guys stay well, keep your spirits up! You know this will all be a distant memory soon mm-hmm, you know, like 9/11 I mean everybody's, like uh everyone's making jokes about 9/11. Now you know it'll be like that soon, it'll be like all kinds of corona memes. Like imagine. The corona memes they're gonna come out of this, like I, survived the corona virus and all I got. Was this t-shirt? Damn can't wait for that. One, that's gonna be sick. Rock. That shirt is soon I. Don't know man [Music] well. My prediction is that what our whole-wheat we here in the United States I, think around the globe. It's gonna be something like in in the really impoverished parts of the other globe in Africa and South America and Russia. Well, so he comes back. Those places are gonna, be [, __ ] for a long long long time. Basically, I don't think it will ever go away. Actually, I think that we will need a vaccine and then until then it will just never go away, but in in the United States and countries where we have the resources and about three months time, I'm guessing it will start to decline once it declines enough to the point: where there's very very little new cases, you can contact trace right, so once somebody gets diagnosed, then you can quarantine them and contact trace and contain the spread. That's what they're doing other countries like Japan and and Korea China, etc. So once you once you get it right right now, the United States is completely under control, because our our response here was so slow out the gate so out of control here, because our response was so slow that now so widespread, there's just there's no way to contact spread, there's no way to contact trace, there's no way to really quarantine individuals. That's what we're all just it's like everybody's quarantine. So in about three months, you're gonna start seeing a it normalizing and then from that point on I think we'll be able to maintain it until a vaccine comes around I, wonder if it's ever gonna go back to normal in the way that we do stuff like like now any Amazon package that comes in I like I, live it out for a day and then I open it outside and I immediately throw the Box in the trash I think so in a couple years, though, it will be a while mm-hm yeah, you know, I saw something crazy. This church in Jerusalem closed and only closed two times. One was during the Black Plague and the second was coronavirus yeah. It was the Holy Sepulchre, where Jesus apparently rose from the dead yeah. That's crazy, yeah, the black plagues are good. Can you imagined it if the matter if the mortality rate was like 40% like the Black Plague, people would be like peace out staying inside, [, __ ] now everyone's just like old people be damned, but if your ass had a 40% chance of dying I'd, be like peace, nobody's a piece I'm sitting by the door with my shotgun you know, but it's insidious, because this coronavirus is gonna. It's a deadly [, __ ] and it's like people, it's just like Oh 2%, you imagine dude you're gonna roll a dice. If you have a 2% chance of dying, nobody wants to roll that dice. That's a little too [, __ ] high chance probability for my taste, but it's just low enough, so that people don't take it seriously and it's able to keep spreading if it was higher. Everyone would be like [, __ ], this [ __ ] I'm out 10% no closable fight. Nobody comes Laos, 2%, Spring, Break baby, you know the rain, that's the show all right. So thank you. Everybody thank you for joining us hope. You were entertained. I hope that you did. We can't do these. These closes like further. Let's just end it. Thank you guys. We love you and we'll see you next week appreciate you [Music].