-, well, it's been a long break, but we are back. We are back in black is what one people say, but I'm, not black, I'm, a white guy. Our logo is black our logo. Well, no, no! There's that one community says we're back in black. What is back in black who's that one comedian back in the feel like context is everything Louis black, so I can't be back in black I'm back in white back and still white that sound good! Is this a rough start? Well, something has never changed. It is good to be back Wow back in black. Yes, ela. We have a new look. That is black kind of I thought. That's what you were. Gonna dig that new logo he's gonna make something ambiguously, not racist, obviously, but just something that makes you uncomfortable yeah, it's all inclusive! You got all the colors in the spectrum, man when you take a break first of all, we're here with Jack and Eric I'm, not just gonna sit here and pretend, like you guys aren't here. Just we've been gone for a long time and I wanted to address my people. It's been like since last no two Christmases ago since we've been on this. That's right! That's out really out. Oh damn! When were they last on yeah he's right, it was and it was December 2018 2019 even count them. No I'm gonna just wipe that whole year out of my memory, I'm fine I, don't need it. It wasn't the best year. Whatever you know, okay, it feels like it's only been two months now: yeah, hey I took a month break from the podcast and I was getting um. I was over it. I was was ready to come back. I wanted to come back and work. Man there's nothing more depressing than just like sitting at home, with nothing to do when you're totally over it I was fired up. We were when I came in, he was doing pull-ups Ethan was just snortin blinds of coke. These guys are fired up, they're ready to come back, yeah who's, gonna, be a hell of a show. I have been actually pull up. You Wallops not pull up, but exercising. No, so what exercise I'm getting in shape all kinds: yeah cardio weights, both TRX ins, urine, he's, got ropes and ropes, involve all medicine, ball, mmm she's, getting ready to poop out another baby, we're trying to squirting her, that's lovely! You guys have picked up some medical terms. Yeah! You spend enough time around a gynecologist. Don't read like so when did you squirt in her exactly right? What he meant is. When did you guys conceive? Oh I thought like you meant like spit. He may have meant that what I don't think yeah, so the kids are calling it these days. But what about you guys and are you guys trying to give birth anytime soon, we've been trying yeah I mean I'm putting on weight, but it's not good as a baby. Oh no! It's just I've been eating a lot of cheese, steaks, cheesesteak, hoagies, I gotta tell you I'm, not a fan of the cheese. Stick! That's okay, but you're from not yeah fine! You get a good cheesesteak around here, honest yo yeah! Actually, yes, please there's a place called booze and there's one in Silver Lake and there's one in North Hollywood and they fly in the rolls from Philly Amoroso roll. Thank you, I mean I. Guess you can make them, but like a cheesesteak, isn't a very impressive meal. It's sort of just like stay comes all chopped up. Yes, Cheez Whiz, which is not actually cheese. It's cheese, yeah I think so I mean the the you could get a provolone on it, but like something ghetto where is wit is cheese. Whiz and grilled onions on steak sounds actually yeah, absolutely horrifically staple. So wait. Wait I thought they were all that's. What they're protective about I haven't met. Many protective Philadelphia people about anything other than like their parking spots. Mm-Hmm I, guess, that's a misunderstanding: it's about it yeah! They like the team's, constantly lose and unless they go all the way they either lose horrific Lee or they are the way. The whole thing and the whole thing. Now, it's very ridiculous. It's like they're, okay, so who's the hero of Philly, like is rocky. They build a statue out of this guy, the hometown hero he [, __ ] loses in the first movie. He doesn't make it yeah. They make a whole nother movie just for him to win. So that's Philly to me at least just the cheesesteaks, not even that cuz I could find them here. The rolls in a little slice of home, damn I've, always been shocked by your your disinterest in Philly, because I'm, not from Phil I, am from the East Coast, but I'm, not from Philly and I love. Philly I feel like I, really more than you do and you're out yeah from the place. I'll. Definitely miss Philly, woody, Philly, I, love, I love, the city, life, I love just what about every other city? It's good! No! You look different. It's cozier! The people are friendlier they're, not flaky, as they are in LA. It's a different vibe a whole different vibe in Philly Philly is March, charming Lane, it's charming! That's the word! I've been there once once. Well, then the thing is we went there with John and jumped the lens that John casts on the city. Is that he hates it he's like a New Yorker, he looks down on Philly. Oh I can imagine me New York people hate, Philly, yeah difference between by the way New York people are the worst people, maybe in the world and I'll. Tell you why they're just a bunch of bitter [, __, ] yeah, they hate, LA I, went to New York and everyone's talking, [ __ ] on LA I was like whoa like we're supposed to have some rivalry, but I didn't know. We were in a rivalry. Does everybody in LA is just [ __, ], happy and joyful right, but all the New Yorkers that move to LA they're the best right, because they it's almost like getting out of a cult. It's like you're breaking out of Scientology, but when you go in you or can you're like I'm moving to LA, they go why I was like? Do you not? Have you been to LA? Do you know anything about LA and they're, like 'no people who grew up la tend to want to move to New York for a little bit too and I say a little bit because they want to go there, but then winter hits and they're like oh [, __ ], this yeah this place smells and it's cold. That was zero degrees and it still smells like piss yeah doesn't piss freeze the concrete is soaked like a carpet. God is just like well, here's my toilet, [ __ ] on this place, yeah yeah and in Central Park. Somehow I noticed that it always smells like dog, [, __ ]. You notice this phenomenon. When you excuse me, please part of me: everybody yeah, you notice. When you walk past a dog [, __ ] the cement follows you for uncannily long time. Yeah! It's like your nose is like mmm, it's like anonymous. How can I be you're like 30 yards away, 50 yards away, yet the smell lingers, explain that check. Well, I was I, was I can't follow, because I can't relate because I avoid Central Park every time. Just because of the horror stories, I hear Oh, Central, Park's great Oh, only good part of the city really because I thought. That's where, like all the [ __ ] you get REME uh gangs and killings happen they're welded, so the park is huge, no sprint! No, no! No he's right! That's where you go to get raped or [ __ ] a dude in the bushes that happens too, but the park is huge. That happens. I swear to god, you walk there at night and there's you see a gay dude. You could tell he's gay you could tell, but he wanders off dude. Well, you could tell by certain indicator he walks up, but he want his dick yeah. That's like that giveaway and he's and he's walking, and then he like goes off the path into the bushes dudes [ __ ] in Central Park, that's a known phenomenon, but the park is huge. If you're in the South Park near you know Midtown, then it's very fun and jovial the more you go up he's looking at 80, 9100 Street! That's where you're gonna get a dick in your butt, like it's tough to for me to imagine no, but they're shady there's little there's definitely places where I feel nothing I would say would not walk there alone at night, though, that's that's a big thing. I said now, god ascribes all of New York yeah, okay, yeah there you go yeah and vent Philly I mean when I lived in Philly I will walk to the only place that wouldn't card me. So I could get big old. Twelve packs of lions head, it was called, is cheaper. It was cheaper than a PBR. Wow lions head is that a local brewery, maybe probably not undergo they doesn't make its own stuff cheaper than PB are cheaper than PBR. How much was it for a twelve hour? It was like I think it was like seven or eight bucks, something that's competitively priced and I'd walk like 10 blocks to get it, but it was always. It was like a like a video game. Coming back, I'd be like I'm gonna, get hurt on that that route I'm gonna go around I'll, see, you've got a prize beer, mm-hmm, yeah I've. Beer really is that they're like well I have an ID, but I. Don't have the money and I don't feel like walking. I'm just gonna go run this guy over. You ever think about doing that yourself. What knocking someone out and thicker beer yeah yeah, we've all played I. Did it the Jaclyn's? That's true knocked his ass and you know what I would have done. The same I can't blame you I'm, not even mad. Didn't even have beer. Those free well I do have some white wine. We have some lovely assortment. I want to see that gadget. You've got yeah, we're all of you, so this is a Katherine's vineyard. Now it's just like. Oh, you are a lush. Oh my god. You want all these Wow Wow. First off we are first of all, you can't come with this [ __ ] not be judged. You can't gank jazz. You can't come right without what that's really the joke was headed and I'm, just a dirty evil. No, you can't cut you first of all, I'm sure the mustache like that you come buckets. What what mustache? Well my little framer curry thing going on here. There's a story behind this: do by the way, really boring one that is kind of cool right, but for someone who likes one, it just feels like a little insecure to me. You know: okay, I, don't like the the gadgets that you know make you do it by hand I you ever break the core. That's scared! All the [ __ ] time! That's why I get that or that I really, but that that was a perfect open, and it's like that every time, but it's like you, gotta carry whoa Jeff. What Jeff was linking it back and forth, making it being a melee weapon. This thing's a pieces didn't really exert, must for plastic a pro oh Christ, but I, listen, honey, I'll, buy you another one. I got you one of these for Christmas anyway, so I just wanted them. I didn't know! You already had one sighs now we're right now that looks like a weapon though, but ya know I could do some damage push the button. Does it work? Oh yeah you're still good I'll buy it I'm. Very sorry, I didn't know that was gonna happen. It's very embarrassing boys, my face red okay, you thing is I'm, I've have a baby and and I've just I have changed, I get it. So how? Let's? Let's talk about this? Let's discuss well I had a baby and I gotta go take care of him. Thank you and I'm very sensitive to alcohol. I have a tendency to a little bit make a fool of myself as drawing doors. You know Wade yeah, it's way too much. This is enough. You know yeah the baby's great and it's weird to be drunk around a baby. Yeah yeah I can't even be drunk around my puppy, it's apparently the Parenthood. So when are you guys having babies, though you got married, you got so what's going on, you should like my aunt. Is it baby I appreciate to ask that question? It's not it's! Here's the deal! I trust! You guys and that's fine, but like anyone else, I think it went when it's like an exponent expectation when it's kind of like literally like an aunt saying yeah, it's like back up yeah but I like on a podcast. That's a different thing: yeah stinky great! That's the wine! It's a Chardon nose like Central Park I'm. Here we have a juggler like the sharpening the chardonnay, the sharp discharge. Um. Well, I only asked you because we're in you know front of nearly a million people, no naturally uh. No, we we talk about it all the time and I think we we do want to have you, but like we're not actively personally trying we're yeah we're we're getting there. We're like we're kind of warming up to the idea we're talking about like not right now, but within the nice I mean we were down. I am a 31 she's, 32 32, okay yeah. We had that time when we both kind of like started to talk about it, that we definitely want to do it, but like not right now, yeah kind of thing well, wouldn't yeah and then, when we decided was kind of where were like well, this seems like a good time. Yeah. Let me ask you this: do you ever feel it was there a point where you ever felt where I write read it yeah no I'm just kidding where you felt ready, because, like the whole thing, yes like, we don't feel ready. We want to be selfish. We want to like travel yeah. We were both kind of like looking at each other, and it's like this is kind of a good time, yeah, like probably as ready as we're gonna, be yeah cool yeah for sure I'm surprised to hear the pleasantly surprised, because the typical answer I usually hear is like you're, never ready, there's, never a good time. Well. That statements that you always hear is [ __ ]. Nobody do that you're never prepared to raise you're really prepared and you're. Never gonna know everything, that's true, but also, but no one knows for knows we're all we're all kind of guessing sorta yeah yeah. This wine is really nice. Yeah, you like it right yeah, it is buttery, okey I, don't know oh sweet, oh yeah is it, but I will tell you that it can take. It can take like it can take a while. So you should frequently do you do it? What's your favorite position, alright in order know I'll spare in honor of my wife, I'll spare the gory details, but gore [Laughter]. Let me answer that question with a question: okay, has it not answered at all, but how like how hard is is Parenthood or what like in the initial throes of it like the Apple I? The first two months are awful: okay, the worst awful well, we had a specially bad time with him, but it was like a colleague baby, which means gassi, gassi and super like like you would feed him and then it's a whole three hours of drama because he's uncomfortable and spitting up and crying- and you don't know if he's still hungry or not hungry and you're over fighting him or you didn't it's just kind of like you, gotta dial it in it was a mess, but that was the first two months, okay and and then from like month as soon as he like passed at first two months every every week it started to get easier, gotcha, yeah, we're in month, seven now right, seven, and now it's only getting better. It's like it's so sweet and he's starting to learn. Things like every week is learning something new. Every day, pretty much you see something new, that's, oh, that's gotta be fascinating, yeah, it's real, and even in the hard time it's like it's so amazing. It's not like you're gonna, regret it it's! You know what I mean. Oh yeah, I. Don't think anyone should like that, it's not hard, it's really hard. Well, you won't be able to go anywhere. You won't be able to hang out with people that much mm-hmm you'll always be at home. I mean you can go out with the baby, but he did he's not good for that long. It's right really important to get help as much as you can. Okay, really important, so you can still get the house sometimes still do something have you had like family come help at all yeah yeah? Well, you want a housekeeper or or in any or anything, but just like get yourself help and don't feel like you got to be the hero and do everything cool. That's what will ruin your life yeah and that's why poor people are so miserable because they can't do that stuff I mean it's it's to be poor. Dude I mean that's right. If you don't have the money it's important to be in your family because they won't help you wrinkly I mean you know it's one or the other. If you don't have family Iran we're lucky to have his mom, who does help us, but it's still not enough, so I could use 10 moms to be frank, yeah I'm sure it's never enough, but the truth is actually having being a parent highlights. How like privileged you are to have money, it's easy to forget, but even just enough money like buying a crib and buying diapers and buying food and getting help and all these little things that don't bother me I mean that was part of the reasons that we were waiting because for a while we felt like we weren't. We didn't even have a stable income or didn't even know what we're gonna do the next week, like yeah, oh I, don't know single parents to it. Boy he's, like you hear about these, like these moms in the inner-city, raising three kids by herself I'm like bro. That's like her oke said: I know how that's even possible so kudos to those uh for those moms out there. That's why being Amish? Probably rules, really it's probably the best thing about being Amish is like you. Have your whole family and community dude build you a crib yeah. They go babies out there like okay, here's the crib and want us to build it, a house. Well, we all work here, yeah we're not really leaving. It takes a village a fee and I've heard it that mental illness is very uh very slight among the amount of incest that I'm assuming community. Well, maybe that's yeah. That's gotta, be in there right, I'm, not making that up like that's so tiny and dads do. Are the Amish inbred? Look that up wait! Well, I! Think incest is in all communities all around the world: Amish! Well, real family, no one's safe, the royal family Amish, the Queen, the Jew, well I mean ashkani or yeah. Ashkenazi Jews were all inbred, that's where we all have all these really neurological diseases. What [ __ ], because back in the day we had our little village and we [ __ ], ran around in our little suits. Look nobody wanted to [ __ ] us so [, __ ] each other and, to be honest, there's like stinky soot, we're like bro, you have to be. You have to be very generous to [ __ ], a Hasidic Jew right, uh I mean while I've lived in Israel for five years, so there they wear the suits. They got the hats. They don't shower nearly enough one of the million degrees outside they stock, the black suit they stink, bro they stink, and you know they don't shave you seen their face. Imagine what their dicks look like. Wait I, always thought those were like fake. That is commitment. Yes, yeah we're gonna. Do it their faces? Look so gnarly! So imagine what these dudes look naked and they're all pretty fat too cuz that you know that wife's at home cooking! That's all! She does all fat well, a lot of the ones you see are pretty chunky picture. Yeah. Let's see this yeah, you asked for so Eric. What about you? Man? My tooth, hurts. You know I typed that and the first thing that come up is Jewish form. What I, typed fat, Hodgkin's, weren't, Jewish, born and there's nothing good came up. All I see is a bunch of crap. It's just like a family dinner. Well, okay! So any other questions about Parenthood. Well, I was gonna deflect a bit to Eric and ask like you know you and you and Sam you ever. Have the kid talk, oh, when we need a kid we'll get one: okay, fair enough! That's gonna be older than two months or she just get that yeah yeah, whatever we're gonna name it. It's a choose. It I think this is a year old and be like what are you and it's gonna be like like Power Ranger Tyrannosaurus like you got, it that'll be the first time it ever hears the English language, in fact, it'll be talking like Nell like now. Nobody gets my Nell jokes I, make jokes about the movie, no, never heard of the movie - Jodie Foster movie, okay, where they find a feral child or like a barrel woman in a cabin and she doesn't know English. Oh, you know what language there's a fit: there's a filly, podcast radio show we listen to every morning, Preston and Steve, and they use a sound bite of a from Mel and I. Think it's that it's like this thing like gibberish like in it. It's like a feral child, make their own language I, think it's from that movie I sure hope. So otherwise, it's all it's an offensive sound, but no, it's a feral kid she's like intelligent. She just doesn't quite have a grasp on [ __, ] snuck. In a cabin in the woods we kept there, we can't make fun of her jack Wow I think we can cancel there's only one of her I'm, surprising, humorless fat, hairy, Hasidic, Jew, bah and now you're openly making fun of ya [ __ ] spaceship. So corkscrew. Now guys, I have an update about that. Amish. Being inbred broke that anyone want to hear this. Oh wait. You found out yeah, almost all honest descend from about 200 eighteenth-century founders. That's crazy! Genetic disorders that come out due to inbreeding exists in more isolated districts. So that means damn that the people who are more isolated, they can't find other amich from other communities to rub dicks with or you know not dicks, because, probably being gays, not cool with animals, and also you can't reproduce. When you rub dicks go ahead and to you yeah I I can verify that rubbing. Dicks does not make you pregnant there. You go Amish mixers, you know, Amish communities need are at the Philadelphia Zoo. Well, that's another Philly thing like you go the Phillies ooh and these [ __ ] Amish people everywhere. Oh, they love the zoo animals, Aaron yeah being for work, the buggy, so there's a bunch of buggies. No some of them can drive where they take the bus. Like the the thing about [ __, ], poser I'm, not an Amish expert by any means, but they use electronic. It sounds like you are giving baby. Maybe the older ones are a little more. So what's Griffith? What's what does it mean to be Amish? If you're using electronics, I, don't know, I, think that's it? That's what they're all are they all Quakers Mennonites I guess, there's different wines? Yeah Mennonite is the one that I think use some electronic stuff I think that they're pretty serious about I, don't think they use any anything electric. So a Mennonite is just a fake Amish person. They definitely drive. I mean I, know when you turn six yeah I think that there's like a little bit of it really like well. Well, the Amish have the Rumspringa, which yeah where, when they turn I guess it's 16 I thought or something they're allowed to go experience the world for a while kingpin and decide. But if they decide to stay in the world of the modern, their entire family, shuns them yeah, they get condemned. Let go have fun out there. Yeah yeah I mean what are you gonna pick you're gonna pick your family? Are you gonna work, yeah yeah, the one with the iPhone is the world. There should be a TLC show about that, the Amish? Oh sorry, it's a bursary bubble, guys watch any shows on TLC once that I'm gonna bring up 66 hundred pound life. Honestly, I'm I don't watch the show religiously, but I see like if a clip pops up am I recommended. You know, as you know, to go clips small bite. That's my favorite. My sister really likes that I even tried that one yeah god I hate all those [, __ ] people and I mean hate. Oh no! No, not your sister! The people on the show and I'm. Is she a 90 day fiancé? Well, she is so you're. Gonna judge already get out. It's all just a goddamn excuse for green cards. Odd I'm, trying to find this club to show you guys what about The, Bachelor, yeah, okay, a little I'm a little underwhelmed for now am Soule is the worst fact he's so boring, yeah, just kind of like I agree he's no Hannah I want them to have it and Hannah ruined the show. I don't want to see her dumb [ __ ] face. There was a lot of Hannah in the first like two episodes it was, it was. It was the Hannah show yeah, but a Luke P show you don't watch that [ __ ] do ya ya, ya! [ __ ] is Anna, yeah I guys say so. Just my one little admission of guilt here is um I, never like before last year you never watch The, Bachelor I was gonna, say never watch this Bachelorette blissfully ignorant we're pretty down. You know and I was like nah. It's all trash level. So Aaron goes to me and says: I. Can we just watch this? Can you watch this with me like? Well, I need like some often like it's something to talk about at the office. I need the show we're watching it, and can you just wash this with me? Well well, if fun, we'll drink wine and I'm like all right sure what the hell so we watched the Hannah season last year. I could not stop [ __ ] laughing, like the first episode I was in tears laughing because it's just such a shitty premise, it's literally literally thirty dudes all lined up, and they just they all fight for like time with Hannah and they're all throwing themselves over the stranger and they're all like I. Don't know I just feels really genuine I feel like we just click, and it's like they've known her for five minutes, yeah they yeah and then the best part. The best part of the show is like one guy is seated with Hannah on a couch and he's explaining to her like how he and his girlfriend like lost their first kid together. Like he's doing the sobs, meanwhile, another guy butts in ham. Abc always began yeah, he comes in he's like oh can. I look speak to her for a few minutes and like wow, this guy is doing this [ __ ] stops it's the funniest [ __ ] I could not stay BC. That was amazing. I was Luke P and loopy. It's just it's really it's it's trash, it's good, not defending it in that way, but it's also the funniest [ __ ], you like, don't watch it because you like it. You understand that I feel, like my time spent like no, it's not blood. It was better spent watching this never watch it alone, but watching it with Aaron, watching it with someone. Yes, you are a body chard I'm like I'm, so sensitive to cringe and, like those shows me first, that's great I, don't watch it like this I've seen 90 day, it's not like yeah, and it's just like I'm like watching a horror movie I'm like close my [ __ ] eyes. You watch it by yourself. No, no! It's just on in the goddamn room when I walk in like what do you watch yeah? What do you watch yeah Eric, if your soap, if you're better than us? No have you guys seen my mirror? It looks good everyone this Eric. What's this you tell me, you don't watch the show much I've seen exactly because it was trending, I'm, listening, huh, okay, that's Casey, 707 baby! Now we're talking and I still haven't watched this just dish so I. Do it except just clips? Look at this shot. How cruel are they set that shot up calculated they're like alright, let's get on the floor, the tripod [ __ ] ball. We only brought this little town. He makes me cos. I thought the woman was gonna get in there. I was like oh man, she's, pretty bitten in this guy yeah you're gonna have to move around like almost like a pig in a way and wallow I watched one episode and I was riveted, but it's so sad. It's not like 90 day fiancé with a bunch of comedy of air watching yeah yeah talk about something give up with him, he's over to a thing: you'll see what it's all the dads, too old, to be like still raising his son right yeah, that's a straight-up Arby's cup that he's bathing with listen to the sounds. Just just enjoy the sound okay, it's really like yeah! You know the sounds are incredible. This I fall asleep to this I'm afraid to you back in there again right. Well, I got this thing: I can buy. It gets. Oh sorry, I gotta go back guys. I miss the good sound. It's just a super difficult process. That's that there for, like nine hours just couldn't give up in life. Tragic me up, and we realize I was like that. I just I'm afraid to you back in there games right, I got this thing. I can buy that wait. What was that? Let me go back one more time shoulders. That's what I use me too head shoulders is the same. You stop using it. You get a shitload of dance right, I just used it because I like the smell, that's the one time and then I'm so sorry to interrupt. But this is the sound of like a bad way to be 13 million views. Why do you think that is? Do you think it's kind of like people are why zag I think I think they can't like they can't wait away. I. Think they're like like this is, like you don't see this every day, I think it's the art of TLC. They mastered YouTube recommended this was like on that to TLC. They mastered like exactly what you shouldn't be watching, but they know everyone's to know. Why way I feel like people I'm not like that, and they all I think they I. Think people watch this to feel good about themselves. I! Think it's just it's it's just it's a crap! It's a credible! Look at this shot. Jackie was telling me people, you don't know why people are watching. Look at that. Put up my head, yeah I mean like it shouldn't be his dad doing. That I just feel really bad. Well, yeah. Job like this is like it's taking care of his son that he shouldn't have to take care. She'll, see, plan yeah. Is this I think like right that you don't know where that's at wait if without having frightening yeah some kind of trauma or mental disorder, something yeah jack? Is this his [ __ ] head or is that fat? That's fat Nathan? So it's where's, [ __ ], be like you a down leading the fifth way lower. You gotta go to break, be right here right in that boy we got okay, we got to go to break well, we'll pick this up when we get back right, we'll pick up a right off where we came back, we've got a live one. Yet are you guys enjoying this right Jack and are we doing work screw? Can you guys tell me how much is it? Oh I, my okay, I'm, going to break gank, go to break Lila if I could recommend one product to you to immediately make you and your home and your family safer. What would be exactly you read my mind ring. Let me tell you about ring revolutionising the game forever. They invented this beautiful little doorbell right. Oh so you got a doorbell, you ring it. Bing bong people know you're home, wait, let's make it better, put a camera on it. So when people ring you can open it on your phone and see who's, there wait make it even better put a microphone on it. So you could talk to them through your phone to the front door. Wait make it even better give it motion-activated sensors so that when people approach your door, it automatically warns you in case somebody's creeping on your house or whatever they do and up there. Maybe it's just a critter, that's interesting, also and then make it even better beam it up to the cloud immediately so that, if some slick what it was, the robbers name in home alone, the soggy bandits the weapons, the Wet Bandits I. Like soggy better in case you've got some slick, soggy bandits trying to cut your internet, it's already on the cloud. It's a beautiful product, oh and make it even better make a floodlight. Those are already great and you've already got them around your house, but now it has all the features of a ring except you've got an alarm. You could talk to them. You could call the police actually I. Don't think you can do that we could hit what's a little arm. You don't need to do that. The raiding floodlight is incredible. Every ring product is incredible. You've got an HD video two-way audio features. It's gonna make you feel a trillion times safer when you're out of the house. You're gonna feel a trillion time saver, because again it's a game changer. What can I say? It's ring as a listen. You have a special offer on a ring starter kit available right now with a video, doorbell and motion activated floodlight camp. The starter kit has everything you need to build a ring of security around your home, so go to ring.com, slash ashley! That's ringing, comm /h, through six percent of men, lose their hair by age, 35, that's tragic, and it's avoidable like heart disease, but still I'm gonna have a heart attack at this rate, so, sir, some things you can't avoid is what I'm trying to say, even if they are preventable what you notice thinning hair it could you know what I'm saying once you notice thinning hair, it could be too late. Is that hairline slowly starting to move backwards any bald spots? Yet it's the best way to prevent more hair loss is to do something about it. While you still have some it's time to grab that new year´s by the follicles baby hears through a year of personal growth, hair growth, that is why do you guys turn to weird solutions or new, nothing when they can turn to medicine and science, introducing for Hanscom a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care? Sexual wellness for men has time to write a new chapter, one in which you have hair dang I, like that chapter I read that chapter hymns is helping guys be the best version themselves, with a licensed physician and fda-approved products to help treat hair loss. There's a not snake oil or gas station. Counter supplements you goof this prescription solutions backed by science and was created by a guy. Who knows that some men's health conversations are either online in person. We got no more awkward and personal doctor visits or for long Pharmacy lines for hims connects with real doctors online, which could save you hours completely confidential indiscreet gonna answer a few quick questions. The doctor will review and they were determined if it's right for you, they can prescribe you the medicine to treat your hair loss that is shipped directly to your door. So, let's get that year started right with the beaut beautiful locks with hymns dive into 20/20, hair first ela right now, my listeners can get started with the first month. Free go-to for hams, calm, slash, h3, that's four hymns calm, slash, h3 prescription requires an online consultation with a physician who will determine if a prescription is appropriate, offer about only a prescribed three but minimum subscription additional restrictions apply co-op several folding into the report. Safety for mission. Remember that's for hems, calm, saturated they actually made me read that a disclaimer, so I try to do that on TV, where they go, but they do but I think you could read it. You could hear it. Yeah I could yeah. You could understand everything. I said so: that's it guys cool I'm, close to being in a trough. Bro and heavy breathing ran from the bathroom. What else I guess we're done right? We did it were here we talked on. Are we in war? You want to talk about that. I was just asking questions: oh yeah I, don't think so. More still, hi! Actually you know. I haven't met this dog before oh, oh Fredo, potato he's such a sweetheart Holy Smoke, no sweet. You are so cute. How old is this dog I think he's just about a year a year, although small, forever huh, oh yeah, he's from yeah, we got a puppy, he's probably smells it on me: oh she's cold, her name is nur fee and it's like I have immediately become a complete softy. I was a real hard-ass before I got this dog. Get this I'm like talking to it all day. Uh-Huh work from home, so I do is talk to this dog. Hey first dog I had a dog growing up, but I had one too, but no count, because your parents walk it like now, I gotta make sure this thing doesn't poop inside, but the party train there still are yeah five months. You said five months in five and a half she's the cutest thing when she's about I would say two is when they're fully marinated yeah, but I love. My dogs, like old shredder, shredder about just so he's over, to know so that that seems to be like everybody gets another dog when how old was a clown like when you got Sunday, she was I want to say three yeah, there's like a that period is like the prom, because we just like had no time to focus on shredder anymore mm-hmm spoiled, and he was our only focus, basically buddy and shredder. The shredder, like help so sure train like the other older dogs, with obedience a little bit opposite really sunday was the Dom yeah. Really immunity just walked into the house ran the energy ran the [ __ ] show yeah, so yeah I'm, daddy, now yeah yeah and it kind of sucks. It takes you for walks pretty much. Now we were feel bad for shredder if he got Batum cooked yeah, yeah yeah, but he isn't he's alphas, [, __, ], good good. You know what shredders off. Let's talk about ear or less there's so much happened since we've been gone as anything less, let's head them off anything fine reaching for died here, go for it. That happened in the last month. No, but yeah that happened. Oh my god! Oh my god. Damn sense of time is always well there's all kinds of now. Let's talk about Epstein, there's been updating boy. 60 minutes did a really interesting story on you guys think he did it. No, you think he did it. [Laughter] I'm, a critic of Michael, Jackson I, think he's a filthy, pedo and I get a lot of [ __ ] when I say that Michael Jackson's, a filthy, a predatory pedophile, or do you get [ __ ] like because people think he's Ennis and they've proven it? No there's plenty of proof, but what I will say about its kind of tough? What I will say about Michael Jackson is that if he wasn't a famous pop star people like there's as much evidence against him as there is against Epstein and we're like oh heck, I, [, __, ], kids, but Michael Jackson, he gets that doubt cuz. He wrote thriller, even though thrill is just about telling everyone just for some reason. Now, everyone's ready to like just write r.kelly. Do you think Michael Jackson would be in jail right now if he hadn't taken the the sleepy pills? Well, I, don't that's a fascinating question? Where would he be right because we're holding old, [ __ ] up like he'd, be in deep [ __ ]? Do you think he'd be on Twitter like no? It's? Okay, you could sleep in bed with boys. How would he be yeah I, don't think he'd be on Twitter, but I, don't think he'll be in jail? No, he does well. He already went throughout him who's the first person to go, throw that fit in court. You know 9 2010, right right, yeah, no I, remember you know, I'm a Michael Jackson fan of his music sure, not a man of his pedophilia, obviously yeah, but but what? If that's? What may be good, it's quite possible? What if it was fueled by like the innocence of children? Look at it in a new light. I suppose like when you listen to leave me alone. Is it just? Did you guys watch the leaving Neverland documentary so we started it um and I think the Aaron was the one that kind of made us turn off. She was like I already know how this goes. I don't want to what so we never finished it. Yeah it's a pretty dark day. You know, I, think I think that I love, I loved it I could only stand listening to dudes talking about Michael Jackson staring at their boy bottles for like 30 seconds before I have to turn it off. It's your max yeah I feel 30 good seconds good seconds and then it's off good good seconds and then it's back to TLC and then it's back different that dudes in trouble. Yeah no I do I thought it was very compelling I, don't give another shot. What were we talking about we're talking so Epstein, so here I was watching on 60 minutes. Let me find my my notes here that I took on this topic. Have no names by the way. Never know oh I can give you a solid one. Wool I know I went straight. Can we show ya I'm? Sorry I'm like sneaking like you, could show so sneaky Anna Ackroyd's crystal school vodka, which honestly has the coolest case. As you know, as everyone in the world knows what is that one I thought it would be come on, bought that for us crystal had Aurora Lucy and don't think it's it like reflects light. Chisholm no I didn't know I did that some kind of rap on it. Do you anyone want to step of this now? Okay, I can't do it. I just want I just want to try I've, never tried, always been assassinated. Only 70 bucks I said sleary. Hey a chair is common etiquette, big money, Cheers, you know I've heard there was a study recently that says all vodka, regardless of grade and price, is exactly the same. I just agree. This is really smooth and I've had not smooth vodka. It's all identical! You cannot have different grades of vodka by the very nature of the alcohol. I. Think that's like you know, go to the liquor store. Next time you buy a bottle of vodka that you like by the really shitty bankers Club, just as long as they're. The same scores, okay, now sponsor well Dan. Do we have do we have vodka here? I'll do a taste test. Do we have some shitty vodka in the kitchen? Let me check some same temperature today. I feel like temperature is the biggest fact. Oh yeah yeah an expectation. Yes, I will say like stuff like Grey, Goose and I. Don't know I know, but like yeah, Grey, Goose tastes, different tastes better, like maybe maybe tasting they filter it. Meyer I, don't know that is good stuff. Well, that one's for orange flavor, yeah, [, __ ]. That's you think you better than you think you can tell the difference. Compare a bet! That's better! Okay! Let's let if your little city dream uh holding any water there. You go perfect good idea here out. Let me let me hook you up and by the way I did buy Jack a new corkscrew, yes break. He went on and are you buddy not cheap? It was like you get to keep that one call it a cheap piece of [, __ ]! You get to keep that one, but it was like I think you should yeah. You bought all yeah uber driver homes, gonna love this, oh, what's going on there. Oh, this looks [ __ ] cheap, but that's definitely poor that out Burnett out into my see this is quite Drupal distilled. So maybe it's good then I, don't know, I, think that should zone Lee trip, so can you take shitty vodka and just run it through a Brita Yetzirah close and you're Puff Daddy I always pour Lacroix in it anyway. So anyway, in sixty minutes they go through Epstein cell. They charted out. They talk about the schedule of the guards yeah and they talked to the Epstein's brother got an independent autopsy on his body. Now all all of the tapes are destroyed. Every stare was a tape of the hallway. There was a tape of his cell. That's they're all gone, it's very suspect what the hell and then the other thing is that you actually show his cadaver and you can see when you go in his room, there's a pile of sheets. There was like so many doesn't it's so weird and the guy was on suicide watch. He was removed from suicide already, like soul like self-inflicted injuries. He he tried to commit suicide and failed, put him on suicide watch. Trying a week later, some doc was like I he's fine and they knew them all. And then, when the the thing he apparently hung himself with was like a super thin cut of orange jumper and there was no blood or or anything on it, but his neck was super like bruised like bloody, so the the fibers are that strong in an orange jumpsuit or the prison. Does that really make sense because, like when you see the bruise, it looks like think that, like a wire would do like this right? That's what he said yeah and there is like blood and supposedly he just used like this piece of fabric, and that doesn't really make any no detective and so he's a tall guy like six foot or more mm, and he hung himself from like less than five feet up yeah. So we had to like just willfully. You know, hang himself while he could stand, it doesn't really sound austere, II I have seen on Twitter. Do you guys follow John McAfee on Twitter by any chance, I mean I'm, aware interesting, Twitter follow that dude is II's either out of his mind or he's on another plane of knowledge, but he has some funny [ __ ] that he says, but he was also like he's into this epstein thing he's like given his take on it and he's pointing out that, like Epstein had this cellmate, which, by the way dan, if you can find it, they talk about that and stick his [ __ ]. You talk about the cop yeah, they talks to his jack yeah. They talked about that in 69, looks like he could have strangled it with like a piece of floss. It was this crazy cop who was like murdered. Yeah ordered people had nothing to lose and was his cellmate, and they were thinking like well. You know they let they got him out of the cell and then at some point. That was just to make it look like Epstein was alone and at some point they let him back into so yeah. They said he was apparently alone in a Cell when he died, but all the security footage is disappeared, not any event. The crazy thing is that on the independent autopsy, the guy who did it said so, there's like three bones at your neck and all three of them were broken. He says usually from hanging you'll see one it's normal to see one rarely to never all three that only happens he's seen in his experience from strangulation. God show and let's be [, __ ] real- that somebody murdered him. Yeah I mean like what are we even debating even 60 minutes was trying to just remain credible as possible, but they're like this guy [ __ ], this guy yeah. They keep like turning the camera, come on, Jim Halpert come on, but actually the guards are being investigated by the FBI. So the FBI's involved yeah, it's the guards fault. Are we everybody ever gonna find out? They falsified the records, so there'll be the fall guys hey. If you don't falsify these records, we're gonna, [, __, ], kill you in your entire family, oh [, __, ], okay and then they're going. Okay, I guess records yeah good Christian I mean they're, you know prison guards who so who killed him. I mean there are so many people that stood to benefit from him dying. We all Prince, Andrew, yeah, Prince Andrew, that's yeah, Andrew I mean he already got dragged pretty good, though no, no, no, what's it say yeah he did interviews or no maybe was an English press, but I think um I, don't know there could be so many. So many people all rich yeah, just a lot of men. Amusing. On this plane, Ricky Gervais, said the best joke at the Golden Globes. He go. I thought you can see. He killed him. Yeah Ricky's your face, killed him with that joke. He said what'd. He say it was a joke. Ii loved your friend of his. But what was the leader yeah? He was like something didn't, hang itself or but didn't kill itself or something like that. That's right! Yes! Yes, everyone got. It was like oh he's, like no yeah I think he doesn't. He doesn't kill himself at the end of the movie. There's a movie about suicides like he doesn't kill himself in his movie. You know what else didn't kill himself right. That's right! Oh, come on, I know you're his friend, that's true. That was a sick. How legendary was that whole opening that he ballsy so yeah Aaron has a theory that, like he's just he's, made Ricky's just made so much goddamn money that it's basically [ __ ] you money and he's like I'm gonna stop. This is like the last time. Well, I was I was a little joke last time but like when you've made it as far as he has. He don't have to rely on Hollywood ever again, I feel like that's kind of where he's at, but it's pretty amazing the way he's doing it because he's still managing to actually do stuff like he's and he's got, it shows and he's still yeah and the BBC - yeah. He works for in England a lot. So there's definitely something to it. We're like a lot of people, a lot of famous people or people who are public have to pander to people who are easily offended, but if you've never even had them to begin with when they get offended, you're like well I didn't I didn't lose you right, you're, just someone who's mad who doesn't like me already, and then the people who still like him are like well yeah I, know he's an [, __ ], but he's funny yeah and that's sort of like we're. You that's the sweet spot when you can just be super offensive and you don't have to worry about anyone being like I thought. You were different right, never happens. Yeah, that's I, think he's trying to get fired and he's been trying to do that for five years. It was first time I mean his fifth time yeah. He can say no who's, fantastic, no, but I he's enjoying it. If you fall on Twitter he's like it's like, he never had any of these people in his corner at all, and it's just it's sort of like Dave Chapelle like he can say these really offensive things, but he was never pretending that he was anything yeah. You know pandering to the people who he's offended mmm, they were gone always if they ever liked them. It was like not because he wanted them to alright they joke about and, like you see, Tim Apple in the crowd, the CEO of Apple, because they made a streaming network on Apple, sound like Trump so and I'm. When I saw him. I was like [ __ ] this Deeb, like [, __ ], you trying to you. He wants to have his kid he's, like the cool guy and everyone's gotta suck his dick, because he's got the streaming platform that everyone wants to be on. Like he's getting jet he's paying Jennifer Aniston, like 2 million per episode to be in this stupid little [, __, ] drama and he's a an apple, is [ __, ], evil, [, __ ] company, and he and I think he did a great thing and I think he made a great joke ELA when he says that if Isis made a streaming service, you'd all be calling your agent would it was a great, but have you so speaking of Apple, TV, Plus or whatever it is? Have you have you guys watched any of the shows on there, because we did we actually finished the morning. Show, though Jennifer Aniston I actually heard it's good, actually good, I, gotta, like it it's it's free and like yeah, like I, can see many episodes. Are there 8 to 10 that that hole, 20 million yeah, oh yeah, she's, not hurting, and then servant is like the M night. Shyamalan show yeah week that weren't that yeah we just came out last night, said that's gotta suck right. Here's deal I, don't want without any spoilers amazing premise: I thought it was going to be a one season like self-contained story. Kind of ends on a bit of a cliffhanger and M night has come out and said: yeah I wanna do six seasons of the show so I'm a little pissed, I'm kind of like yeah [ __ ] that that's a lot of time to [ __ ] it up it's a lot. Yeah he'll find a way, but it's like it would have been such a great self-contained one season. Horror yeah like like atmosphere, sucks I, have no faith left in that clown. No he's good he's in the show like he directed one or two episodes of the show, and it's good, but I really hate the whole ending it on a cliffhanger when it could have been this whole. It could've been one story: a sham, Lana hasn't been paid in a minute. He's got he's been making a ton of ass flops. Hasn't he I'm trying to think what split was good. That's it! That's it split I like to split yes, but it was his script of his land. He wasn't, he wrote that character into the original breakable unbreakable and then cut it out. Weight split, oh like maybe he does still suck he's like using his old [ __ ]. Maybe he if he has more scripts in that desk, he needs to pull them out. Maybe he's got a story now they were one of them's, a good writer yeah and that one's died like 2008, yeah, mandalorian, amazing, mm-hmm, I, don't like halfway through that show, but I need I need to finish that guy enjoy it. Baby Yoda like that, may be uh a genius. What a genius move! It really is like what it was a gamble to me. So you know it's Bo des but like it well off in spades, yeah there's like no person that could look at it and not love it. Yes, no matter like gender age, I love the way that everything about it, yeah yeah, there's a bill. Burr episode that I don't know if you guys have seen yet where he interacts with babe. Oh yes, that was actually one of my favorite yeah yeah. It's like it was a five or six I was not expecting much from Bill burr I have to say, but you didn't really well. He pops up in the craziest things yeah. It was just like his IMDB, the favorite episode he was in Britain yeah yeah he's great in that he wasn't. He in I, don't know I'm not gonna, go too deep into his IMDB cuz I can't remember that [ __ ], but he's like he pops up in something you're like what right this guy's agent. Well, they actually wanted him. They just wrote to him Wow. Did he tell us that yeah I, don't remember, yeah he's not even like s hours, you know, fanatic and I knew it was funny for him. He was talking about out like his character, sang things that you only hear in the Star Wars universe. I was like, oh my god. He was definitely given people [ __, ] yeah. What the [ __ ] is that the only thing he knows is the Jar Jar reference. I know that um Mandalorian is good Dracula on Netflix loved it. Oh I haven't yeah things about that. So I'm a bit more hesitant I'm on the mixer you're on the mix. I know you wanna I, don't think it's stuck the landing, but oh okay, so there's Buster phobic for me just the first step, like your babies like suck and displace an awful I say it's all bottle. Oh no um I will say about Dracula. It's the same guys who made Sherlock? Would you like? Well, my favorite shows what they notoriously [ __ ] up the ending of that to read this. Had the worst ending I mean the ending was so cool yeah yeah I was frozen, I did what I was there for the ride but yeah when I got there, it was closed. Yeah. Is this similar and Sherlock in that it's three okay and that's the time sink cuz the thing was like I was like 80% through episode. Three and I was like. Oh, there has to be another yeah right. I was like cool awesome. Then you remember it's the Sherlock guys and you're like nope. They shot me I'm at three [ __, ] movies and then it's over and that's over for like four years but I'm Joyce arise fantastic though yeah the riot was a good ride, but the ending just know that you're not gonna be happy with I, don't know more than watch it and you were spooked. It doesn't happen to me very frequently that I can't watch something you got spooked, not just pool. It was like annoying me. I couldn't was the claustrophobia yeah, okay, yeah, that's what it was I was claustrophobic was spooky tight spaces you're in the top and a castle. Oh speaking of shows that did the one and done watchman watch watch watch me: I was watch manic, I loved, also, and it's done it up and the ending was um was pretty good career. How great yeah show itself was I love it when they do that when they're like nope, that was it that all you get we are bringing it back. I was reading about that. The guy who made it they're like they wanted him for season two yeah and he's like I. Don't have a story to tell for season two, so I'm not gonna. Do it. I was like yeah yeah. What a novel concept you may actually not understand it, and so I stopped watching, but I see how much everyone loved it that I kind of feel like I. Think you forced yourself for two or three apps, then you'll get into it. I will say like the best episodes are kind of like past the midway point. That's when I gots, like five six yeah ooh, yes, ooh, that Lindelof guy. Does this thing where he spends so much time in the beginning it doesn't. He did with lost yeah, did it with the leftovers with a creator, and he just like spends it's like when you're cooking, and you got to chop all your vegetables, your meson plas yeah. You got to get everything on the cutting board and then you start cooking and you're, throwing the onions in it boom. Here's a [, __ ], Carl everything's, already chopped. Oh there we go bop bop and that's like the midway point of the season. Yes is when everything starts actually getting cooked everything else, shopping and measuring things, and so payout team, edible and I will say. I feel like I got a little bit more out of the show, because I had read the the Watchmen graphic novel beforehand. I don't know if I would have gotten as much I'll just give you some context that will help you kind of yeah and then there was a lot of big black [ __ ] in it too, we had a lot of big black [ __ ] in a good man like that, guy was standing around some I, don't think it was quite as gratuity. No, there was like a full big black [ __ ] like several times well, well yeah, but that's like against the norm like we're so used to seeing full frontal on the female side like game with I, actually have a problem with that like why hmm? Well, you got a yearns for a tree, a guy you only see but right well, [, __ ] is what we veg on. So here's the thing if I can play devil? No, you cannot on this because tits are not as vulgar as vagina says, who will go and make it woman? Oh, you think tits are vulgar as vagina, it's not as vulgar, but it's still and naked like well I'm, just I'm explaining what not walking with my tits out on the street is I. Think the TV. You know the producers or the whatever. There is no explaining anything. I'm telling you [, __ ] is more vulgar than tits and vaginas equally as vulgar as a [ __ ]. You've just been programmed to feel that way. Yes, I'm, not saying it's right, I'm, just saying that's how they view it and the thing is like when you see a bush, you just see a bunch of hair like if you saw a shaved bush on TV, and you saw everything like the cut. You see the [ __ ] and the balls and everything actually a lot of movies worse to wear a merkin. Now that's well over the act. Yeah you could see everything yeah there were a lot. There was a lot of full frontal, yeah nudity for women, yeah and occasionally God, but they had bush covering the details like if I had a giant Bush covering my [ __ ], you could show my bush. You can see any dick. Did you see dick and Game of Thrones, the little tiny oh there was there was there was dick EULA whose dick juicy I'm trying to remember too so I'm not just like, but that was like the Theon on Theon stack, yeah, Wow, yeah. Okay, that's not the same! Wait why Oh cuz, oh you're, you're, sick, you're, sick, because it's like literally severed no, but they no no I'm not only showed his car yeah, they do a sex scene. What's not the same, you know because I thought isn't he that gets his dick yeah, but they didn't. I was like in that context. No, they each others severed penis. He definitely showed [ __ ], but not as much as awesome. And you were you gotta watch off that dude dick heaven, my god, we got Chris Meloni Pete I feel like everyone in jails, [, __, ], guy, who's, doing everything hates him and he was in every HBO shows yeah JK Simmons dick right, we got I feel like everybody in Oz has a huge [, __ ] yeah, probably everyone in jail has a huge [, __ ] yeah. They do that to you when you get in I feel like. If you see dick in jail, its fat yeah, you got a pump. You know you guys our with everybody else. You'd only be the guy with the smallest dick in prison. You just don't make it. You don't match it up every time, but I guess this is elope I feel like um. You know, mr. dr. Manhattan, you got to see the deck, so they did it. Justice cuz he's all he's this blue guys always naked and that's a big out clothing in the movie. They famously put underwear on him we're in the comic book. Sacrilege. I, disagree infamously put underwear no in the movie. They let it hang in the movie. For a few shots, I remember really arms, yet the trailers they put underwear on him in the actual movie. The actual people are upset about the [ __ ] they weren't. There was a lot of outrage like no, and it's like that's because we don't see a lot of [ __ ] in in film and television, so obviously those shots stood out. He's also got a big one. I got yes he's dr. Manhattan himself together from Adams. Why would he give himself a baby, dick I? Remember the outrage in 2009 people who, like wool, whose [ __ ] should look every shot, and it's like yeah you're, just like it was too sexy. No some underwear on this ones, I'm having oh [ __ ], please one out in the theater, come on bring my kid to this movie could squeeze one out. Next to my kid, man, I saw a movie in the theaters in Prague, because I was traveling abroad, but my cell, you were just seeing dick on the way to the theater, absolutely yeah everybody's naked yeah, free free country, man yeah. No, it's not good. You guys remember that scene in Washington, where the FBI lady pulled out that huge blue dildo it's a great little touch because we like still remembers, but it was her dealings with dr. Manhattan and I, saw that dick was like multiple pieces. One of those crazy we had to like connect. The balls people watching at home were like I, haven't seen it anyway. What else we got um I had a viral moment during the break. You had a viral moment yeah. We say that. Why do we save our moment? It's references like an epic, a moment, the politicians running for oh yeah. They kept saying they needed a viral moment which, like you know on the debates, they're all trying to create a viral yeah yeah yeah yeah, which is so sad. They just catch the flu. That's a viral mohel. A viral I saw this yeah rice comes very scum. You know every time I see rice go grow, tweet, something like somewhat clever. He goes I hate. When people say it's a quarter till 6:00, [, __ ] just say it's. Fine, just I'm do guys yell stupid, and so you copy it and you paste it and you see that it's been tweeted before almost identical and I found this tweet from November, and you know he's such a [ __ ] [ __ ]. He could have at least changed it a little bit, but it kept the same like 575. Just don't bleed anything. If you don't have anything to say, don't steal! Well, you know all this. All these tweets are stolen. Oh, he did and y'all stupid yeah, but ya know he put his own twist on it. He said y'all and said a little stupid anyway. I said here's the tweet. He stole I actually done that a couple times before cuz I, don't know, yeah call him out and anyway he DM me and he goes yeah [, __ ] you and your [ __ ], like that's creepy dude, but he made it. That's [, __, ], creepy I gave you a little cute little didn't like any blocky blocked you [ __, ], [, __ ]. That's great I was like what yeah epic gamer move dude a bit. Speaking of the flu has that guy cleared his sinuses out yet wait. What do you mean dude sounds like he's, always got [ __, ] cotton balls up his nose. Yeah president? No thank you. Everybody for acknowledging my viral moment. I wish. You would. Does anyone have anything to say to celebrate my viral moment yeah, you made it. Congratulations from eula Jack. You made it. You [ __ ] made it Eric. Do you have any comments? Uh yeah go ahead. No! Is it just yeah yeah I? Do that's not a comment? That's knowledge meant that you have a column, here's a question I! Can't it be both. Why do people think they can get away with stealing tweets when there is when the Internet is written in ink, and you can't dispute it, you can't be like well, no no I had the same joke. It's like no! It's verbatim look at how hey don't really doesn't care, not affair. Twitter is kind of a wasteland. Just doesn't care like if you think about like high school. It's sort of the same thing that goes on there really is that Joker, like the guy like whispers, a joke to you, and then you say it out loud and the class laughs. Yes, it's like very much like that right. Where that's a beautiful analogy. Let me just [ __ ] copy and paste the Joker. He stole had 65,000 lines. Oh well, that's even I feel like he has a folder on his desktop called stolen, tweets totally and he waits a month or two months. In that case he just and then he blocked it out. It's a whole [ __ ]. That's all right! How [ __ ] Sorry mate, yeah, oh yeah, those guys goddamn worst, actually got pretty good Wow. They turn their [ __ ] private. They got they got jack. If the rebrand. Now they got [ __ ] by big blue [, __ ], it is nice to see that happen. Can I find that dildo well with race kind. It doesn't matter cuz like appeal to a bunch of teenagers like hey, yeah, stop listening to this rapper. He steals tweets like okay, whatever boomer they're still going like crazy [ __ ] Terry, wait, wait, they're still literally screenshotting other people's twisting out right there and there they got a huge promotion. So their videos have a lot of you right right. Wait there only awesome, that's really cool Wow, you're, right I! Think the thing is that Instagram being owned by Facebook? Is they literally only care about engagement? They don't they have no Mark Zuckerberg is he's just like a evil, dude or maybe he's just like super autistic I. Think he's just a robot I, don't know he's had no wave, no I think he's just. He just goes where the money is and that becomes evil yeah because he has such influence like there's a reason he's like bigger than anything right, I think he knows he [ __ ] up and he's like I'm out down baby like Homer Simpson I feel like an excuse in the beginning, but once you have such influence, but what, if you have like mega autism I, don't think he does I think he has mega I, think he's smarter to know, he's doing and yeah yeah mixed with mega autism. He really wants to like make his mark on the world, and it's good pun by the way it wants to make his [ __ ] in the word. You must make his goal. He once he wants to suck the souls out of everyone, hmm, but he I think he wants to like go down and he was the the history books to be kind to him. When we think about him, he doesn't wanna, get murdered, he's gonna get that runs. You know the guy must Google his name or at least have people who google it for him and they go mark. It's not looking good look. Everyone thinks you're, a [, __, ], weirdo, yeah or worse, that that barbecuing video you did what the hell was that I mom mom meet Jeff cards. I'm, all like making fun of his haircut is like a mainstream joke now, yeah whoa. What is that a tude in general, like people, got so tired of making fun of the way that he is that they're like what about that haircut, yeah porn into that? Yet you know hmm yeah. This is getting very I'm, just gonna. Let this get more awkward. This, as everyone waits for me to say something. I forgot, mmm it'll come to you. The sock Oh can meets. We weren't you gonna, like oh yeah, which one is better yeah. Yes, I saw I poured you wanna, do it blind yeah I do want to do a blind, tell me which is which well you're doing well so yeah I'll, taste I'll just take a taste. Okay, so I'll tell you right now. This is this is the crystal, and this is the Burnett. So that's the Burnett crystal. Do you do the shitty one first or the good one first, wait is everyone needs to be blind and only you know so so Neela you need to somehow. Why are you dong kyun? You come in come here and pour some blind shots, yeah or not. Ian Zak! Sorry, if you close your eyes, I will either switch them up or double switch them up. So they're not stuff, but you don't know what we should all do it at once, because we can't milk it that long people are gonna. Wait for that! Thank you. Dad just do three already know like. So all you got to do is like literally hold them and then, like maybe put them on you're like. Can you find out how much which one is which okay that is Burnett? That's skull! Okay, and what's the price point on Burnett, can you look that up want to make sure it sort of shitty, but Matt I mean well? We want to all three at once. Go ahead. Take your time. Man, vodka I mean I, could just take a squid guy eat the Bob, seven Wow, seven bucks. For that thing, what is come from what Bugan brought this to the office? No bro, that's quadruple distilled. That was. That was definitely the the dentist sticker brought that here, for you guys the finest that's the cheapest [ __ ] ever bro I think we purposely bought the cheapest vodka first yeah we bought that okay, but we should do it with the we should do with Gregor. Let's do 3 3 3 go ahead. Dan, oh boy, we're getting to the end of the show. I'll get trashed I want to know check. Ok what else we got! We got us. Ok, so everyone knows Australia's on fire yeah. But did you know that through Teddy fresh, we raised fifty thousand seven hundred and three dollars? Hey? Congratulations! You got yourself on the back. Let me show you we made I, actually thought that we would promote day two on the show this shirts. Actually amazing I saw that shirt online I looked know our sky save the koalas. Half goes to the Koala hospital. They're called the Koala hospital because there's no they're the only one have they been sending you like pictures of koalas and stuff like no I'm, you could at least get some pictures and then the Rural Fire Service. You know how it is so, but that, but that was amazing, well done so that was Eli's design. Thank you. Everybody go ahead and page work. You guys you guys have done more for the world in that moment than I. Think I've ever done in my entire life. Well, I'll take that yeah I did save a koala, but I was the one in danger. So we'll do one at a time: okay, okay, so the whole thing I mean everyone. I will so wait Mel it does it smell different vodka, okay, okay, alright, that's the bad one, hmm they're, all the best: okay, okay, I'm! Sorry, it tastes! Pretty bad right, I mean Oh. Here's the deal, Oh, God I, can't believe you got. It took the whole thing. Maybe she could trash after this, oh I shouldn't get trashed, not I was gonna. Invite you guys over all right. You could come over to our house I'm, not saying no to that. Oh, but but you're doing a show. You don't me scream the n-word. Well, that's Jack's job right. We all know that. Well, we're on break Jack was like I was like I hold him back. He was ready to fight Ian about it. Ian was like hey, and then you start saying things about kpop. That I was like. You can't take some things back. The worst you were like I'm just kidding I would never. He was always very much okay. So all right, so yeah keep that taste fresh in your mind. Okay, cheers Cheers. How do I smell it? Don't but the case in point it all smells the same. This is I'm gonna rank this lower than the one we just did. You know what the problem is. Is that you hate vodka, the more you drink it to me. It tastes the same, not for you to drink that yeah, really yeah I think it's a little lower because it's just like sharper okay, and if you look good, let me thank my notes. Cuz I don't have not gone in that one. Second, one was lower, yeah I, think I think the first one was the skull yeah. That one was the cheap, [ __ ], and this next one is about to blow our [ __ ]. That's my guess and I didn't even try wait. What was your guess? Did you smell it school? No, just based on the reactions here. Oh so we're gonna be like, but actually I wasn't I wasn't bringing up possibilities on fire to Pat myself on the back should I wanted to. Why did but um? What I really wanted to say is that a lot of people have been donating. A lot of money, Metallica donated 750, dr. Chris, 750 thousand, obviously Metallica yeah, the band, the band Chris Hemsworth Thor donated a million DiCaprio donated three million Kylie Jenner DiCaprio, the cop Leonardo nice Kylie Jenner, 1 million yuan Elton John, 1 million Ethan and Uwe Klein of Teddy fresh, fifty thousand seven. But then here's where my question comes in now, I'm, not usually someone money is money. Donation is a donation, it's all good. But what do you make of Jeff Bezos donating $690,000? A lot of people made the comparison of like that's literally equivalent of a middle-class person donating I, don't know $69 I, think no less less yeah I think it was like that was the argument. I think it was. You should have made that if he makes that in six minutes, yeah yeah, don't ya, don't like that little. He makes that in six minutes, love it love it. That's have lots of rocket ships I needed to shoot. Also, it's a [ __ ] move when you're like oh I, was wondering what's with the weird number, so it's a million Australian dollars. That's why it's weird! That's why it's so like you're right! He knows what a dollar, if you saving himself money, yeah Australian people buy from Amazon yeah cheers Cheers all right. Yes, James, my cheese, I, think I know it all tastes the same. It really wasn't me wrong. I'm gonna say one was the best and then maybe two was the worst and three was the middle? Be awesome if Dan, if they were all the worst like one all right, I'll put myself out in the locker okay, once it's cool. Who is the Burnet and really improve your way? That's what I feel like I've already proved my point yeah. If these were all different vodkas, the second one, tasted worse, okay, but okay, the third, so my guess was the first one was the worst Burnet two was scull. Three was the nice [ __ ] Vegas I? Guess it was? Oh okay! So go ahead, damn what? What was it yeah I'm like Jack? Got it right? Wait? What was what was it? What the same? The the first one was the Cisco. The second one was my cheap [, __, ] yeah and then the third one was the greatest Wow. But that said, we still did call it I feel like you got what they mean. They don't taste the same. They don't yeah! Oh yeah, we got yes, we were able to discern what was what I don't know. Therefore, you guys got lucky you wrong. Very mad hos mad I mean I, got I, got the nice one right -, but granted I mean they. They both viscerally recoiled as soon as they tasted that Burnett it seemed. It was pretty obvious. I guess the lesson here: the $7 vodka might taste like yes, but, like the I mean you get to the higher class vodkas right, yeah I think there's a there's, there's the crappy [ __ ] and then yeah $20 enough. It's probably all the same. What I love is the vodkas that, like they don't know how to make themselves seem better, so they put gluten-free on the label made of me, I mean what's [ __ ] potato nah by the very nature of it. Well, I mean not in the juice that you squeeze out of it. I, don't know how vodkas made they squeeze the juice out of datas yeah. Well, they leave all the gluten behind. This is a scumbag. Anyone want to add anything to that. I do actually only because it's somewhat relevant. So the reason I have this hideous. Goddamn creepy uncle pedo stache right now is because last week we did a little charity livestream on twitch for oh yeah, Rob yeah raise money for meds. We did just because we felt like we had to do something wrong, you're, saying cuz, because we have viewers in Australia and we wanted to like you know for each other. So this was one of the you know how, when you do a donation, oh yeah charity think you have like goals, you know if you varies, a hundred dollars will do this. If you raise $5,000 will do that. This was some one of those tears like I will shave my beard. So how long you gotta keep it I think a month you raise quite a bit. You raise 50,000 right. We raised $50,000 a lien dollars, which I think translates to like. Maybe 36. That's American, like that saved a lot of koalas I hope. So. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, but I just want to say, there's a reason. This exists, and it's not because I think it's a fashionable thing. I didn't think now think it looks. Bad would never think that I. Do you clean it up a little? Well, you got like whiskers going over. Your lip I would recommend it. Oh yeah, this is rough. Yeah I got a guy. Yeah now just got a trimmer for Christmas Neela thanks my tip. He doesn't want to yeah I know. What are you just trying to make him feel bad? Well, he's gotta, wear it! It's a charity I'm just being honest! What okay? What else do you want to say about it I think, like a connection with creepy guys with mustache your connection or like in my head, yeah yeah gotcha. It translates a little bit. Creepy I had a mustache for a little bit. Yeah I mean mustaches are always creepy, but do you make that you connection with my dad? No, it's not you dad cuz! He is a mustache. Well dad's with mustache is not the only er I'm a dad with I can be down with mustache. It should be a dad with a mustache I kind of want to be in the bus, - bad dude. If you don't do that, I'm gonna take a koala out. I'm flying down straight I'm, taking a koala out, you get a mustache, those you know: Arlo [, __, ] man, they're, so slow, the fire just burned them alive, kind of like sloths, honestly, they're, so slow and cute and they're like oh. We can't escape the fire so fast, they're slow but they're like they're cute looking, but they are kind of vicious. They are open, aware of them and like yeah, that's what I learn I mean. That's what I've been told like they're, actually kind of like hostile and good cigarettes, no walking I'm smoking, Jules baby. Sorry! No! No! No! No! Let's talk Jules! No koalas are they're dangerous, they're cut from what I heard and Chris wrong in a crowd. I'm, sorry I, don't mean to like speak out of turn, but that's what I've heard there's like don't don't go up to a koala should I feel bad or no well. That kind of makes sense if it's a wild koala and what else are you what other wild am looking at Farpoint? You know it should that, should they perish or should I feel bad enough left I'm saying like like they're, they look cute but they're actually I. If he looking hug Alfredo, then then he's severe to all I think all such a sweetie pie. How old is Alfredo he's like a year he's a little puppet. You know puppetry, you know. Okay, so Australia is on fire. Koalas are dying. Jeff Bezos is a douche. The Prime Minister's, a douche of Australia that guy's a real [ __ ] do she's like a climate change, growing a [, __ ] tantrum, because he had to come back from his Hawaii vacation yeah deal with his entire country being on fire I go I saw him doing it. Every he's, like I, made a promise to my son, but sometimes you need to compromise and I realized Oh. What is your oh yeah? What I hear I was like wow, everyone mean my entire country's on I'm, giving him a pompous British accent because he doesn't deserve an Australian one and while that accents way are giving them Prince, Andrew's accent. There's been some great videos of like people trying to shake his hand. Actually here, I have it here: oh no, you take their hand and they're like refuse they'll see shot. Oh thank you. Firefighters, actually and they're like I, don't want to say this is a clip from the brush fire, showing you how fat this one shocked the hell out of me. You know, there's a strong gust of wind. You can see how fast the fryer is capable of spreading here. It seems like it's it's pretty far away at that point. What well you look at the ground right? Oh, he blames on the ground, really turns around again. It's like so hot at the [ __ ] floors on fire. So that's! What's going on in Australia and I've, seen people try to defend the fires. To saying like no, this is natural. This is what happens really, oh because their climate change deniers um. That might be part of it. They always go to the most ridiculous, like dude the earth in lengths they go, it's like no! No! No! This is all natural bro. The earth froze over entirely for like a hundred thousand years. It's all good. The Prime Minister's, a climate change denier university is yeah yeah. Yes, it turns out that people just admit it just admit it. Yeah [ __ ] happening. We have terabytes of scientific, it's not a political thing. It's [, __ ] Han right right. Why? Yes, I, don't understand why it's being politicized when it's like how like? Why are we arguing? This is because oil, but he's more often than not our that's conservative, that's and they're like well. We could we could do something about that. I think they tap into this same lizard, brain of the anti-vaccine and so distrustful of government that you can pretty much convince them of anything. So you go oh well, climate changes of Chinese, hoaxes and Al Gore hoax. To get you to the conspiracy theories. Aren't crazy like to get you to buy, to spend money to on [ __ ]. You know it's like what like that. The argument doesn't hold water when you're like okay, let's say climate change is fake and that you're just making the air cleaner. That's not all that already is not a noble enough objective like what like what is the con? What are the cons of that? Well, it's like cigarette smokers who are like no I'm, not gonna get lung cancer. It's the same mentality. It's like whatever you know the world's, not gonna be fine. The drinkers are fine. I'm gonna get killed by a bus. You know bus get hit me tomorrow, yeah yeah. This is just climate change in areas who are like they don't want to think about. Their kids are gonna, be [ __, ] yeah, the kids are [ __ ] yeah they're smoking, while pregnant yeah right I'm gonna, do whatever the kids not gonna, come out with, like anything wrong with. Actually there was people in his government. There was people in his government, those chilling prime minister who were warning him for years that there was this brush fire disaster brewing, cuz huh everything was super dry and they knew there was this enormous fire threat and he wasn't acting to clear brush and prevent this Wow. So he's been ignoring the issue for for Solars know. How long has he been? The the Prime Minister man yeah dan dan yeah yeah Dantonio you're, not familiar with the Australian government. Well, it says now the the amount of animals that diet is up to 800 million, that's [, __, ], I heard a billion and the ones that did sir we're gonna face starvation. So how many people are on the planet? Billy zoomed office in August of 2018 you're, not gonna, do the math for us, then dad a year for month, I'll take it thanks, Dan. She was at least warned about these. This upcoming disaster I saw that they're dropping carrots and [ __ ] from airplanes over the forest to feed these poor little critters. There's like this footage of them just walking through the areas that were broke and there's just so many just dead animals I saw one where a koala came out. All like. No, probably you, the carrots thing is a little odd because it like I mean maybe it's just because my brain is a dark place, but all I can think about is like carrots, just [ __ ] free me, but you might be on to something because they were pretty high up. Let me drop those carrots they didn't have little prepared. Parachutes anyway seems a little counter. That's the next Pixar movie you want! You guys want to see funny little clip, always when my son was teething. He used to like to take the big fat rubber end of my vibrating tooth brush and put it in his mouth. How are you not seeing this laughter like you're, not even aware of what you're doing man that's grand I, that I think it speaks to her innocence more than anything else, oh, she has no idea what the hell! That is. That's wonderful! You know burger awaits you in paradise. Remember that video we erased here. It is this showed up on the Internet. Recently, oh really, apparently in Eastern Europe they're, giving away free hamburgers in this mall to celebrate the opening of a hamburger restaurant and they made these two old [ __ ] race, each other on an escalator I can do that. These old [ __ ] are gonna tumble to their death for a free burger. They made them. Do this, like yeah I, think it's part of the competition, so you may never recover from this I'll tell you his knees are shot. This guy's like see a [, __ ] right right there, man this is like this is like circus level entertainment. This is literally like Oh, lowest common denominator will show every burger by hey free, burgers out right guys, don't have an income anymore. Where was this again? You know like they speak Russian Hoover over there, some former Russian, a free, burger, yeah, so an, and we made a reaction, video that had the whole thing like the more you think about it: the satiric yeah, it's like. Oh, oh girl, beef and a bun like there's. It's like that, Sun right at like boring, dystopia or something right like that's. That's the perfect example, so we called it a burger away to impair dice and we erased it because it wasn't a good video well video on it, but I. Just wasn't. People did not receive it well, I can pull it up. No one cares. I have dreams of making a really bad. You got to take this video down yeah this podcast is gonna, be removed. It was great till the burger just lost me. Oh I can't play the music, but it's playing this song. Oh yeah go ahead and sing it in you know the song hit or miss hit or miss I bet you never met. So this is the new Arby's ads thoughts is that's an ad yeah Arby's. This is in collaboration with Arby's, my dudes. Why wouldn't they hire the original girl? Who did it? I? Guess you never miss I, guess invent so they're about a year later. I guess! Yes, girl did the original one watches. This is a totally I'm right here. Yeah yeah, I think she's, probably pissed, and no no hate, so those people in it it's just kind of like no I. Do you think that there's gonna help sell roast beef sandwiches from Arby's with 40 sauce I? Think as long as you got your name in someone's mouth you're, probably doing your job as an advertiser, they have the meats I mean you could do worse, nothing more romantic than a date at Arby's, I, don't even know where an Arby's is where we live. Arby's has to try pretty hard because I create Rochas. That's what I keep hearing right. Oh my god, never have I ever had RV's Arby's can't sell you on like the quality of their food. They have to sell you on like their ability to mean, which is already atrocious, because this is an old [ __ ] meat, their meat, yeah yeah. We get all of our meat for like. Why is there meat glossy, like in their muesli where's that skull that skull had like a like a sort of a chromatic light, looks like an oil spill. Yeah yeah I've noticed that roast beef roast beef is has a slick. What is that I? Don't like that? I! Don't you know me for the light either? No, not at all yeah, it's like our bees should advertise based on the slick enos of their make lip this conversation where this one I had a crazy gender-reveal party. This is great: oh [, __, ] yeah. This is my King already hating, this kids already hating uh yeah your sibling, okay, good long, murderous, oh no daughters made enjoying that. Can you take the dogs out that powders? Not men speak just about kids, not gonna, make it to the baby brother. Alright! Now we've talked a lot about mobility, people being a danger to society, and none is better showcase. Our would than this one here he's not down and he is going to murder this big he's. Fine, don't worry! What's he yelling, probably just to the walk-in litter nation, probably John yang gang you like that yeah. This is scooter. [ __ ] do not walk a mobility scooter guy I'm, just fascinated by the let's go that guy's got a lot of energy for someone on a scooter, [Music] [Laughter] when you're that high up on a ladder, your homie should have your back those guys, those left them out. Yeah at that level, I mean who would have thought this would happen. - hey. Can you cover my ladder in case a violent sky? Leg trust go to the book, I'm surprised that the ladder guy didn't come over and like just like kick the [ __ ] he's dead, yeah I, didn't I said he was fine, but I'm kidding. He died of his injuries. I hate no kidding. He did. He find his shoes didn't come on yeah. Exactly that's! That's real lively Craig! You skipped over the Kevin Spacey videos. We haven't Spacey, it's oh, oh Kevin, Spacey yeah! Of course he had another holiday holiday, surprise I! It was one of those things. I couldn't finish because of the cringe. Well, PLC, who's, bad insane, Kevin, Kevin, Spacey man, this guy's, basically just being like yes, I, am a sex criminal and I'm gonna own it and I may or may not have killed. You know those bitter like have killed those people. Besides all this committers are just users really, but one of them was cancer, which government can give you with satellites yeah, as we've proven and I. Think the one of them got killed by got hit by a car really and one of them committed suicide. What the hell but I think I'm safe to eat that birds are supposed to represent I think like somewhere, not say to be a victim. No, not if Kevin Spacey, there's really you don't really think I was gonna miss the opportunity to wish you a Merry Christmas. Did you and I'm grateful to have my health back this two days before sorry, Knight alive and I'd like to invite you to join me as we walk into 2020 I want to cast my vote for more good in this world? Oh yes, I know what you're thinking then he be serious if I stuck a fire, I'm dead serious, and it's not that hard trust me the next time. Someone does something you don't like. You can go on the attack, but you can also hold your fire and do the unexpected. You can kill them with kindness by the way that dramatic world ending my own did the [ __ ] iMovie sound clip is really really cheesy. What were they thinking with that sound clip? I, don't know: okay, it's going over his house on the holidays and talking his drunk ass into doing these [ __ ] videos. Oh no camera guy hostage, movie I like it's a well shot, though so somebody is I, wonder who I'm a mechanic criminais ting video I'd like to think he uses the accent like even when they don't record he's still in his house of cards mode in order to coffee he's like I'll. Have a large potato would be a shame if that coffee didn't come out right. If you forgot the whipped cream, well, I can't be held responsible for my actions, I'd like to see you on a boat accused of just groping young man, it was accused of like it was crazy, not awesome. How like he's like, oh I'm, not even gay, and then it's like yeah I'ma les dudes he's like gay to get out of it. Well right! Well, yeah! He came out as like a tactic almost to let distract people from the accusations. I feel like we're all gonna get Epstein. Just by talking about it. Now you think we can abstain. This [ __ ] he did was so brazen like, okay, so Jake erupts, so Ethan you're, Jack's kid I am and in this scenario and I'm spaghetti yeah all right. So we're talking at dinner- and you got your kid here- yeah I'm, just like that's what he did yeah in front of the parents. No, the parent didn't see cuz. The kid was sitting right there. The kid was like how old is the kid. It was exciting, newscasters kid or wasn't age ish, maybe maybe not like. That's how you do movie sets he's just like such a bitter all [ __, ] piece of [ __ ] really started here like the worst part about it, he's a damn good actor. I [, __ ], like I, like yeah movies, he's in, are still really good. It just sucks that he's also, he probably would have been a real shitty actor via those things like he was like. Oh man, I've really raped a lot of people. I gotta be good at what I do is if I [ __ ] nail Glengarry, Glen Ross well, yeah I mean he did it. It's funny that all this guilty guys think they have the great idea to do like he's him with this videos and r.kelly. With that interview with yeah Chandru written and you yeah I, don't sweat, I haven't sweat since 1982. It's pretty crazy to think that it was all good for these guys to just rape people for so long I mean that's pretty that's pretty wild the thing that they were like you have so much to lose and you're still raping and you're like they just they keep trying and they get away with it so and that so many people turned a blind eye to it. Yeah Cosby one rape in his whole life like I, raped, like 53 women. That's it over deck I mean that that's a real [ __ ] insane. That's a career yeah! That's he like at a certain point. He was like well he's in the hall he's in the he was in the hall. Rape, Hall of Fame matter, that's a terrible Cosby impression. I thought he might be one of the top five rappers of all time. He's got to be in the Hall of Fame yeah. At least he may be the greatest of all. There's like Roman ghosts. Looking down like whoa yeah, yeah, Jesus Christ, this guy, this guy's [ __ ] up holy [, __ ]. We would start having like a allegation. I am to be there. You go so I could just find a list. You'll have people get on that pattern that right well, I'll, see you and patent that too bad for me, I mean I shouldn't be there since the land against you. What you I mean sexual yeah yeah when, for example, when you try to have sex with me in the middle of the night, when I'm sleeping what the [ __ ] that's messed up. Thank you that, but in my sleep it's weird I. Have this weird thing where I like sleepwalk but actually like it's. You explain it because you're the one who experiences it not me. He just well all of a sudden seem like he's awake and he's trying to have sex with me. I'm, not like a rapey way, but Betty's just wanna make that no no I, just I just you know, try to get it on, but I don't remember it is it like must actually I haven't done in a while. No it's like sleepwalking sleep. Okay, you did recently what yeah, cuz I thought I hadn't done in a long. Do you have to mention because I used to have sleep paralysis, all the time, I wonder if this is like replaced, it mm-hm guys what's sex like sex, it's a it's pretty dumb! Yes! Should I buy some? What we're like Barbies? They have the meats. You could probably stick your dick in a meat, Mountain sandwich and roast beef has a striking resemblance to some vaginas is so cute. Oh my dog, a thing: I go my own dog, a thing so Kevin Spacey is a creepy. Raper Duke may be murderer me, which certainly teases that really bright cherry on top I love. How two days before one of his accusers died of suicide. He's like I might murder this person kill him with, but also Ethan. You cannot eat on the show, look at the flipside of what that would be like. Let's say he didn't kill anyone. I I had like need to keep dying like I. Look like a [, __ ] killer. Nothing apparently he's gonna. Keep making these videos like, there's like well 10, more people, delegate I like to think of him like opening the newspaper and he sees another accuser died, he's like God I'm. Not doing this I think [, __, ] dying better own up to he's, got like four more accusers who are talking to each others like yo. We could make the mine as well [ __, ] off ourselves, so I had like one shot and I'm feeling pretty good yeah. Let's go alright, let's go we're in a rap. That's what you're saying nothing matters. How long has it been dan? How are 50 Oh time to play sport night? Tell me when I can eat and work, then, what's going to say that way, yeah leave that up to Dan, we cannot eat on the show. I feel bad doing that because I eat the chips. All the time I'm trying to blast through these topics impose when it's part row yeah. It was talking miss name ever you know the story behind its solely its her initials and she says also chuckles companies have owes and them right face boot right, cue, cool, so I'm gonna make coop and I'm gonna like they say that all successful companies haven't yet have to over I. It was in Howard Stern interview, so she said: Gwyneth Paltrow with ok, but goop sounds like it's, not a good sound, but goop is successful. Right, Barry, yeah, yeah, I! Guess she wasn't wrong at that number again. She wasn't wrong. Well, you know when you're, when you're selling it to crazy people, it's very mom's, yeah crazy mom, it's a lot of well, it's the same. It's the same I catch, a good market. Do you I think it like anti-vaxxers a stretch, but it's people who, like like live and breathe Herbal Essence, [, __ ]. It can't just be crazy, like there's got to be some actual wives mom. Well, a lot of people just admire her, probably from her movies. Oh that's yeah. She has market, she sounds like brushes and stuff to which I mean like if it's she's like well made, and it's not like a vagina, yeah yeah sure, no here's. My conspiracy, theory I, think that she does these marketing ploys. They get publicity. The vagina egg was one that we all talked about right now. This one she made a camel called smells like my vagina. $75 candle smells like a vagina. You I didn't even say my theory. Oh well, you said that it's a marketing, okay! Well, then, you don't get up game breaks and you're gonna wait for me to eat it. Is there like an opinion about this? You should not eat during the show course I shouldn't right now: I'm, not gonna, tell not eat during the show you kidding me my take is that it's $75 it's sold out immediately right. We tried to find one on eBay after sell markets. I would have spent $300 on this vision. I'll buy bloggers who code talk about why it smells weird vagina. At all, I tried to buy one I couldn't find anywhere I concluded that they never actually sold this candle mmm. They never even made it. Okay go ahead. You look I disagree with you because it's not such a hot product like that it would be on eBay. Now you know what I mean I think it's just a gag product and I could see people buying it, because it's like kind of funny, it's brazen I mean how many could they have possibly made. The woman has one vagina: how much smoking you get out of my job back I actually thought she squirted in the wax recipe. No, but you run you got to drink a lot of water. I mean she's, a busy woman. He went for a run, then she was like I got real stinky. Then she squirted the whole Paltrow on wax like an old vagina egg comes out, so do you think people would buy, handle that I, just in yeah smells like dry cement, people would buy that or what's what's the man equipment smells like baba ghanoush smells like mine, baba ghanoush, oh yeah, Meg mother. You go yeah you're, not circumcised. Are you guys circumcised? Yes, you are these there, no you're! Not no. Do you get you magma? No, that is such a goddamn mirror. That's such a mere Meg tell me because I've heard guys say they have dick cheese yeah, those guys don't wash their dicks. So you have to peel the skin back and wash you peel this. But it's not that big, a video. It's like that's like fingernails, getting [ __ ] under them. That's like clean! You know you clean them, but I'd rather not. You know you take toenail clippers, you clip your foreskin back and it grows back. I learned that analogy makes me feel like it's gross, because I have a hard time. Cleaning under my nails, really and under the nails is pretty gross I. Just like Brody, you know, yeah I mean it's supposed to your penis supposed to be black right. If you're black [ __ ] I'm, not black, that's gangrene or dirt, whatever it is, have you found keeping things you I do regret not being circumcised, not at all no I mean I. It's it's so weird that it's even a conversation, because it's not your choice. Like my parents chose it, I wouldn't be right. You guys! Parents chose that you would be like as a non circumcised person. You watch porn every penis morning, sir, that's American thing and you're like that's, not what it looks like when I do it. It's like hey, there's a bit of a disconnect that keeps me and relate. Oh, you know it just keeps a few pulled in. Do you look for uncircumcised forever? No, not really do you when you find a man porn star who has an uncircumcised penis. Do you feel good? Actually couldn't tell you a single mil porn stars named part. Couldn't tell you a single stars, name that hasn't been in like a movie like Sasha Grey I know that one she had like a whole TV show didn't she well. She was on away. She was in that Steven Soderbergh movie. What's that got to do with uncircumcised penis? Well, just I, don't know anyone's, don't keep your house I go to I, go to uh, but yeah that guy calm and I'm like all right. What's hot, why are they? All steps is lazy? It's a big! Damn it alright I'm gonna pretend this isn't a step-sister yeah - use your imagination while watching and alright I like this I would lose. The stepsister angle see I go step further. I pretend she is I, make my own damnit commit I, don't like the idea of any divorce going up this mystery person who was circumsized and as an adult, says that their sensation, their gratification from sex, is not diminished, no I'm just saying because people, that's what people say and I'm happy to report that we still got it I. Think, like you're, trying to talk Eric into it well, I I would have I know a good guy begin with, like I, can't say to anyone who's circumcised that my sex is more pleasurable than theirs, because how could you I don't have the lies before an affray? No, and he reported back. That's like someone who died and then reported back from Africa right and it's incredible. You don't get that! That's a TLC show dude like after a cut. That's a good show, my in high school. This is how many people are just circumcised, Dan like to say that your uncircumcised is like what a fart in high school it just casually came up and everybody just started calling me a coffee uncut. What Wow people give you uncut I got uncut put in my nickname, my nickname was javi and my important work. One of the classes I had was the school newspaper and my column was Hoffy. Uncut I got away with being like. Well, no, it's because I'm an unfiltered. You know I'm like a real genius and everybody when they got the first one was like what the [ __ ]. That's awesome, yeah! You embrace that's about my penis, you embrace the nickname, oh yeah cuz, it's funny! Penises are funny anything about penises butts! It's like that. Rick and Morty quote like it's funny when they're big it's funny when they are small yeah like yeah any kind of penis, there's just the shadow of a penis. That's funny Oh funny funny funny yeah you ever seen with somebody sitting there and you just have a shadow of a penis behind them. It makes no sense. It's super fun, but I'm gonna laugh every time. Yeah glory holes just seeing a Gloria, there's no penis at all comedy the whole herd about. Then he apologize efforts of God. He made an apology. I, don't think anyone yeah by the way the security dropped, the ball there. They should have rope punched her and to say that he slapped her yeah an exaggeration. He did if he slapped the one down. Can you imagine actually having a whole segment? Look at this creep who's gonna about to explain what? Let's see what this guy breaks down? The folks I've never anyway, seen him lose its temper in any in any way. I love that Tim sex tonight entirely unprecedented we've seen the Pope react in uncomfortable situations. This way before we don't know how to [ __ ] analysis-- is in something now and I loved. It boring dystopia 101 we got like a flapper CNN cNN has not had a hot year. Well, you can tell that. Let's watch that Bernie of the warran moment from the debate, because it was iconic where they go, they go Bernie. Did you say that a woman can't be President? He said no I didn't say that and then they go to Warren and says Warren Warren. What did you think when Bernie said to you that women can't be President yeah? That was bizarre. That's doing him dirty a little. What does this have to do with you? The question, a story yeah? So it's their story and they brought it's like with this whole viral moment. Yes, the very moment they created got themselves there. You see this -. This is great Tom I thought were here where they still miked on this. Yes, I'll play you what they said and Tom saw what the [ __ ] and they just find what I want to watch. Yeah I find the clip of them off the mic and find the clip of that exchange. I have mentioned before. Does that make sense what I've just said? Yes, oh my god, wouldn't you think is that bathwater spit spit I want a gag smell. I, wouldn't open that now, but yes, we're owner gag that triggered me [ __ ]. How much was that's the price you sent it for free yeah? That was lucky we're the only Wow god damn so jealous. Please don't do 23 me or anything like that. The car would tell you that when she's selling it that every dollar, she that's a one-of-a-kind and then we got this as an exclusive we should do. Is you should spit in it and do 23andme? Oh, should I spit and Center? My spit I didn't think that you should collections rule for like an inert leader Dan. Did you copy my request? Can you find the clip of the Pope? No see we're past the pulp? Can you find a clip in the debate when they said Bernie? They get some footage from the debate. They take it down. What sock puppets? It's fine, all right! What a bunch of consoles! Oh yeah! Do you know what they said. She said she said: I, believe you just cook. There's me being a liar now watch TV and he said: let's talk about this later Yeah right and then story was like hi Bernie I just want to say how you like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, good, you Mike, you better get away from me! No you're doing [ __ ] a warrior yeah everyone's trying to come at Bernie yeah he's gonna I had a dream that he went all day. Do your dreams come true, often like you're literal literal dreams, um I, don't usually have prophetic dreams, okay, mmm! So maybe this could be my first prophetic dream. That would be a good one. So I actually became I've been a staunch yang supporter mm-hmm. You know first of all, I'm yanking ride-or-die for life, but if that does pan out- and he wasn't in the last debate- so I was thinking. Bernie Sanders I woke up and I was like Bernie [, __ ] Sanders for president. You gonna become president well, those are my two favorite options for sure yank him here, right, yeah, twice twice: baby you're sitting in [, __, ], [, __, ], no I do feel ya, tingle, there's a yang Farley. Or do you not like to talk about? What do you guys like I, feel like I? Am a politically? Are you educating the Trump supporter? It's so much. Obviously, I'm big, no I'm just be like I'm, not um, I'm, more left-leaning, I'm, more left-leaning, but I I. Don't feel like I'm educated enough to really have an opinion on you know. Are you gonna vote? No trimer I'll, probably vote yeah I will I will vote? Okay, I get it. You don't talk about it. Eric I'm vote for Warren, no you're, not no you're, not really [, __, ], nut or Bernie I. Don't know: yeah you're gonna vote for Warren I like Warren, there's nothing wrong with liking, someone others planning, but she played it so dirty Bernie, so dirty I know that was pretty dirty. The difference is like I, don't hate, I can't heal? Okay, it's whatever I liked. Warren I, like I, like I, like was kind of [ __ ] I like Warren a couple years ago, but the thing that I don't like about Warren is that I just feel like she's, not very likable and so I feel like she will definitely lose yeah. Maybe no! No, but Bernie he's got that vote in California, so it doesn't fight. If you got to choose between Warren and Bernie you're choosing Warren if I choose well, you know I got time to make up my mind: Brian yeah it was there. It was a lot more I was a lot more certain about that before she did. That thing where she said Bernie told her, woman could never win. What just outrageous wait did say that well, I. Think if I had know what was the context like it's a very strange thing. I think we all know that Bernie stands for good, modern, like yeah Society. No, why would he say something about what was the contact? What hate is how like such a location, so quiet we're like if you and a lot of its Twitter, where they make up this, never Warren yeah, never warm it's like well, maybe Warren yeah, sometimes Warren I, don't think she I don't think she has a chance and I know that, like me, just saying that I, like Warren is gonna be like Oh for Carrick like there's, some people, they're gonna, feel that way, and it's a yeah. Why do you care so much about something that I truly don't care that much about it's like I made up my mind a while ago? That's just how I feel politics are not everything and people make it to my dad, so people really put a lot of their emotional stake into politics, which should be like one of the most boring facets. Federalized. It was so much nicer when it was born yeah. It was so nice I will agree with you. Now we wake up and we check the news. No, this guy said this and all where's this going on. It's not elite anywhere. Oh, this is exciting. It's like you know, there's more! There's more going on we're boring again my [ __ ] mod and on it I, just I pick who I like and I continue to like them until they do something stupid enough that I don't like them anymore, em, hmm and then a lot of my friends have that same mentality. Like you know, I go see: Marvel movies and theaters I yeah I [ __ ] play shitty first-person shooter video games, not everything's gotta be. Are you Joe I'm, a regular guy I, don't get it I thought you were like so complicated, no you're right, you're, making too much sense, so I'm gonna have to cut you off. I'm have to edit that out, but I mean I. Might you know if so you're not gonna? Tell us now that I confessed I want to say he's got a family-friendly channel. He won't even say he thinks kpop. Definitely one for Trump ready Trump into the Democratic primary I'm. Trying man someone's gotta, get him in there is they do you know? Do you think that the band [Music] hooray I might forget that maybe it's better I forgot the name? Okay, forget about her Justin Bieber has been her gagging his fans yeah, that is song yummy, which by the way is so awful I somehow still have not yet I know it worked on it. I had to go see you last night I had to go see. It went to the theater yummy $8.00 watch yummy. Sorry. What are you talking about music videos yeah? What did you watch porn? Yeah? It's awful and it's not gone number one and so he's upset that the song hasn't gone number one. So he's been begging. His fans he's posted like a thousand times on Instagram, but this was the best one on Spotify. He says, create a playlist with yummy on, repeat and stream. It don't mute. It play it at low volume. Let it play while you sleep. If you are not from the US, you can download a VPN into US and then create a spot, so he's gaming, the system so new. Imagine Bieber posting that official introduces official Instagram and he I think it's try to beat its tried to have been justified, that it was a fan account that made this post and he just like retweeted or reposted it, but doesn't matter well exactly so. Youtuber Danny Gonzalez made a wonderful video, either yesterday or the day before detailing this entire thing. So it's not just these cringy ass, like gaming, the system post that Justin's doing also on his youtube channel on Justin's YouTube channel for real he's uploaded no fewer than like 10 versions of the song they'd like to get more views to get more views. There's so there's the official yeah yeah, there's the official music video there's the lyric music video, though everywhere so there's the food fight, music, video, then there's the reaction. Video then there's a Lele pons, oh yeah he's been colliding. Yes, I didn't see my Bieber video there there's an Eric Hofstede Bieber video yummy-yummy. Well, yeah, you ate it [ __ ], oh I did yeah I. Believe YouTube's allowed that I know you really break the rules when you're famous that says, Kevin Spacey, Kevin Spacey probably wanted to collab with so there's like it's like little nas X, but like wait worse, so wait. An animated cannot hold three further record. This song and music video suck I still haven't watched it I wish I could play back, I haven't have even heard, can I dance players or them and then just yeah, that's so boy. The lyrics are literally. She got that yummy yummy, yeah, yummy, yum, yum yum and the music video is him eating desserts, while they're rotating people had a table that he's on like people rotate out but I. Guess it's about eating vagina, yeah I get out, I mean what else. But what doesn't like dessert? These may be eatin boobies. No, it's about [, __ ]! That's the best way to describe eating ass. You know you got that yummy yummy, yum, yum, I, guess! Well. He just got married so girly that girl's got a [, __ ] I keep forgetting he's married. Probably cuz he's writing [ __ ] like yummy, that's the song. You pick I would think that after marriage and three years of going off the grid, he would come back with a little refinement and maturity. Maybe it's the flavor styles of brothers, how they kind of like grew up with their night right. No yummy, yummy, I'm, begging everybody to stream. It I was like damn I expected an evolution. Michael Douglas should set this kid down and be like now. Listen! Oh you do that too much good job. Michael Douglas blamed his his throat cancer yeah. Oh yeah eating house yeah. He was like yeah get HPV in your throat. He that's that's pretty much what he said, but then everybody was like now that's kind of crazy man. You can't blame your ex-wife's vagina. Well, he was probably eating strange vagina. If he got yeah, that's true I guess people made the made that leap and turns out. He was really just running around town like eating just mouth open yeah. So you doing dental dams, man gotta, look into those. So that's that what are those look? I-I've? Actually, no I heard of those since I'm [, __, ] health class and yes, exactly exactly I feel like they're. In theory, they exist, but no one actually uses them actually do I. Think it's like saran wrap I mean I mean look like high-tech swine flu hung it's too whole event. Well, we just put a condom on your tongues, not good enough I. Don't think that I, don't think that's good enough now! Do you trust me? Don't do that? Oh, my god, look at this photo. What that can't be real! That's what it is. I literally have never seen that. What's going on I'm, not putting my dick in that! That's that's for eatin yeah, that is a nightmare fuel goddamn bro! This is the best click on that woman's face with the [ __ ] face thing: oh my god, it looks like a little trampoline. That's what you see when you die. Do love me Charles yeah! You know what he's doing usually back this with my Dennis. Doesn't let me find it like this? How long are we going then we're at Dan I can give you for chrissake we're at 212 Mike, so Jules. At the same time? Oh, it's like smoking, a cigar! Thank you! So, okay, what's your what's your dueling experience like like? Is it favorable to you, just nicotine replacement it works yeah. Do you feel like woozy or lightheaded ever when you do it or no, not really I mean it. I was smoking cigarettes for like better part of a decade, so it's basically just replacing the how long you been off. I can't remember my last cigarette. That's really it's pretty good yeah! It is very nice. I wish that was probably awesome. Let's see, Khalid crowd surfing. We can end it really. Is there anything else guys? Of course you know what else go ahead: Jeff, no I'm, just I'm in clean clothes in Star, Wars, yeah I did not I [ __ ] hate that series man they [ __ ], that up huh I was already really dumb. They made a dumber what's so bad and then just sea bass, my favorite one people say that about the finale really, my favorite. Even over the original and I'm like yeah, can't really, you should be castrated. I haven't seen it but I just because the reviews have been so underwhelming now we're a responses. You get spoilers, it's like oh I, already know it happens. I know who lives and dies and whatever, but like I I, don't really have an interest in seeing it. What if what a [ __ ]? That's a shame right had Star Wars, here's a novel concept when you plan a trilogy, maybe know what the story for the trilogy is gonna be cuz. They, like that's sorry that they didn't know after I, walked out his second one. You wanted well no like what he said. Oh yeah I was, like god, dammit I, [, __ ], this off, aren't they, but the force awakens I was like well. This is quaint. Alright, let's write we're wrapping it up. Yeah, okay, the second one I was like. Oh they don't know. This is like we're. Having conversations? Are you all right, dude, I, don't know why I just started sweating leave some water here you want a jewel jewel. Help of my lung whole class ela say goodbye. Welcome back! Well, you guys got planned for 2023. This episodes. Good luck! This is how we starting the year. Well, it wasn't really that bad. No, it's great! We have the fantastic Jack and Eric. What do you guys want to do for 2020 like what are your goal bomb? The White House? Why did I say that you have that on lock, Wow I'm, not gonna. Let me add it. This a follow up! Yeah, you know, Secret Service goals are to grind work, raise a baby breathe, maybe you're taking day Renee I'm just taking a day by day it's not a bill Burke! Oh, that's! A good approach! Oh yeah! What are yours? What's your goal? 2020 I want to get weird and like diversify a bit more uh like oh yeah, maybe a little less of the YouTube game, a little more of like other other fields. So that's what? What do you got? You got some rough yeah. It can be. It can be taxing on the brain and the soul. Oh yeah, you know I mean, although by the way I want to give it up to you for that incredible Twitter song, you made what the [ __ ]. How did you make that? Was that your intention from the beginning um from the first two months? It was not the first to mow I literally, who was just going to be Twitter for Android forever for the rest of the year. So because I wanted to see what the end game would look like my number, but I realized at the midpoint in February that it just kept looking the same as the night right, the maximum trip eNOS so like I, can't be doing this for 10 more months. So that's when in mid-february, I decided well I'll change it up and make a song out of it. So I had a like plan, was so good rest of the song. You know, and it looked amazing. The editing was so good man. How long? Not long at all, it's actually quite simple editing yeah, like the hardest part, was just the most tedious part, was arranging 365 slide that an aura yeah, but making him I'll dance and rotate, and you doesn't mean it's out: it's not hard, that's not too bad, because you just make little see how long it take you to place a trillion tweets. Oh that that was ok. So it would take me about a minute each day to like tweet it out, because I don't have to remember like okay, what I do yesterday, because this I have to use this word or this phrase 8 times I know it was like for musical structure. You do 8 8 8, something alright. This is day 5 of 8. You keep in check. You have to keep track. That's tucked that wasn't fun and I would never do this again, because the the worst part was this little project Twitter for Android made my year zoom by made my 20 nitrous thing really fast and I didn't like that feeling it uh like I, want to like, enjoy and take my time and I like running so I'll. Never do it again, I'm glad I did it once it was cool ever do. That is a great project. That's a chance to take on like doing something. People are like. You know: I watched a movie every day this year, but like yeah, that probably made their year seem like yeah. You can't just have a day anytime. You have stat level of structure. I, think it makes the time go by really yeah yeah from experience it really [. __ ] did so it's a cool, it was cool, gimmick, I'm, glad I did it, but I would not recommend anyone ever do anything like that. Again, I don't know the history and so what? And so what are we diversifying until a couple of things I want to I want to try one try podcast with Oh excellent wife, Erin whoa. What are you gonna do have a name for it. Yeah I mean I, something along the lines of the Erin show with Jack, because it's really just the whole thing. You know her. She is quite the personality. She's got charisma and and character out the wazoo, so he can so highly of your wife or nah man. It's true right! So we're gonna work on that and then I'm a couple, a couple of other things like I'm trying to make a little weird game. Engine thing on Twitch gonna, hopefully work on it app gonna! Oh, do him no active [, __ ], no tube sounds like good. Yeah I got a tour the spring, oh there's! So what you guys have to see Jack show music. What is it? No music, it's cool! So that's a it's! Not a typical, like youtuber show where it's like. Jacksfilms fans come one and all and I'll do inside jokes for 90 minutes. I didn't want to do that. So this is more of like an interact in tarako. Live game show. So if you come on, if you have a smartphone, you can play this little game, so it's kind of like jack box on steroids. So it's like your name's Jack, and so it's a match up in a didn't happen. So people are gonna, be like yeah. It's like jacket there, yeah yeah, you don't know jack I'm gonna say so. It's basically like I'm on stage on the host. There's a question behind me, like very exploitable question like describe your ex turn forwards or whatever, and so you whip out your phone and everyone in the audience in the theater like submits their answers. Then we have people backstage going through all the hundreds of answers and they pick out like they're the best for I project the best for behind me and then it's like all right guys out of these four. What's the best one vote now? What about your phone again, you vote. Whoever wins we pull up on stage. We pull up like five people on stage total and then we go head to head and around called. Are you funnier than a youtuber, so MN Lima get against me. So, like wow, that's a lot of things. You had a question yeah, it is is, but it's like one by one people get knocked off it's very tightly. Formatted it was. It was like you guys were doing like a test run. I, guess what that was. We did test, it was tight, it was tightly packed, it was nice. Thank you. What can I come see? I think we're shooting for me. So every show is gonna, be different by the nature of exactly on YouTube I'm. Sure we'll have like a highlight reel on YouTube yeah, absolutely a best-of or like a highlight. It's like here's. What you missed yeah and like you could stay for multiple shows and see a different show every time it's very unique yeah. So on on that November date, we did two shows we did an all-ages show and then at 21 an up show and, as you can imagine, the answers were wildly different and I gotta say I was pleasantly surprised at 21. Up show was where it's at people were getting rowdy but like, oh, my god, anyways well, that's exciting. Yeah I was 2020. What about you, man, I'm gonna, go see. Jack perform live in May. Where are you yeah, but like we're very excited for hey thanks man? Um I got nothing going on this year. That's not true. You got lessons to teach. I want to do fun. Stuff I want to uh uh write a book, [ __, ] yeah, oh I would read that book in an instant write, a book like a comedy book, yeah like no yet I, don't know all right, good I feel like because you would actually write in the book. Yeah I want to do why I already know the hotel I'm gonna go to I'm gonna, do like a little writer's retreat Oh weeks just sit down and write. The hotel has a bar in the basement. It's in Pennsylvania I stayed in it once for a friend's wedding, and they gave me this room that was like wild. It was not like a normal hotel. It was like a person's house that had become a hotel later in its life. I was staying in the upstairs area and I was like this place is the bomb they have a bar in the basement, I'm coming back here and I. Don't know why or for what and then I was started, getting the bug to like just and right and not have my face. You want to write on the Opera I, don't know if it's a novel, maybe it's like a bunch of short stories. Maybe it's a nonfiction crime thriller, probably not that one I don't know too much about crime, we're thrillers, okay or fiction or non not to suck your dick too much man but, like you have a you, have quite the talent for writing, and it's not one away from that. No, but it's videos because, like when you write a comedy with words, I used to do those things where I'd be the Viking character and like write a short story, and that was just me like drunk, like writing, a short story and being like hey I like this and with a little bit of editing, it could have been like a good short story, but instead I would just leave it as a youtube comment down so funny. It's [ __ ] Facebook, but those are fun. That's I think that's what I started with creatively when I was a kid. That's always been my draw to like. You know right interesting, no, not necessarily be part of it or like write for myself or be like an actor that I'm writing for it. Because now all I write is like a script mm-hmm, it's like to sit down and actually like right. You know like fiction or like write a story down. You can make anything happen like when I write a script them stuck in my room. Yeah at my desk I've got my computer and I have to make a dick joke. It's like a little limit, see right little limit yeah and it's very fun I'm not mad at it, but at the same time like to sit down and like, like a you know, a horror story or just some story about a guy in a boat. You know like the simplest things you can like. You can paint them a certain way like how many people have done like stories about these simple [, __, ] things that we do and made it seem like poetry, and it's always like really interesting to read different takes on it. But what? If it sucks, though it won't whatever you guys are like super honest, so you like, like hey, we read your book, [Laughter] yeah I will I think that's how it works right. You said everyone, but you know it's it's very easy to talk about plans yeah. This is very, in fact, sometimes I think this is why I don't I think talking about your plans, delays them just by the nature. Talking like in your head. You do this. They have actually seen us or think. Maybe it was a study. I could be making it up too, but it seems to make sense. They says if you have a goal you want to achieve. Don't tell anybody, because when you speak the goal to people, then you get the sense that you've already accomplished it, and then it makes you less motivated to do it Wow. So in this case, I just did it so not right yeah. It will come out of this. Well then you're not gonna. Do it we're gonna have plans, but you know I I, think I, I'm happy with the transition we made. I, do miss making youtube videos, but then I think like I I really want to go and make a youtube video like every month, but then I remember just what a headache and all the mad [ __ ] things that come with it. Would you ever consider hiring writers- and you know I, would but then I already have with between the clothing company and this yeah, like I I start going down that path. I was like. Oh I could do all these things, but then I'm like oh that's, just gonna turn into like it's just gonna make my life miserable I feel like unless you always have to be involved. You can't outsource everything you will be involved for sure, but I think it's a possibility. If you really look at it in a whole new way and in a way that allows your time of involvement to be very particularly, you show up to record, and then you just I'm gonna give it to you go over the edit or something very like you know, calculated, because the way we used to do it, we can't do anymore. It's just not, but you about like what, if you just you come back when you want like yeah yeah, if you feel so inspired to make a video about a certain subject, our process was such a nightmare. Okay was always so negative, just to shoot and anything and coming up with the idea, and it takes a long time now we have a baby like. Oh, the baby, actually don't have as much time as we. It would have to be a situation where you walk into it. Pre-Lit, okay, everything's blocked out, like you, have an X on the ground that you stand, do your bit, I mean and like will that feel the same? No, we would have to be different yeah, but but maybe the audience doesn't care they like it, the same which could be possibly but I. Don't know it would be a different thing. Yeah I would be different. Yeah I think I really liked this guy ray william johnson, oh yeah, this kid he's popping up right, he's really shooting up the ranks. I love his comic book wall very impressed with the amount of comic books he's a crude, which I think is actually no no [, __ ] I think it's actually Watchmen behind him. I think pages that fall Watchmen. It's not watch and I know that, because I had to recreate it for an old RWJ parody, I did like 10 [ __ ] years ago and I I think it's I think it's Watchmen, if you zoom and enhance and I, would love for DC Comics to like go through. You didn't get the right uses that dress, hair, goddam YouTube channel with our [ __ ] comic books and you never paid royalties I think he hates me. I tried to get him on the show once and he poo pooed me so bad and he's friends with Jeff Dunham by the way who was uh with love not before that wall yeah, not my favorite, oh my god that comic-book wall the hey! What if I did think we need a feel? Oh, we have to go what if what? If Achmed the undead terrorists joined Isis, and why does he never try to kill Jeff Dunham? He joins Isis and he suicide bombs himself. Sick, epic, Johnson, joke uh Jeff Kent, though a theme song room just so good, so catchy no Isis took so long. So I'm gonna play the ISIS theme song as you better end. It [Music] [Music], [Applause], [Music],.