Welcome everybody: we are back the h3 podcast. We were not here last week because we are making an h3 video about all the protests going on. So we are back and I am very happy to be back. Today's episode is sponsored by me, undies stamps.com, add teddy fresh calm got a couple of reefs stocks in including this shirt and several others. William Osmond was meant to be a last week, he's going to be next week and Oliver tree is going to be on July 17th. So with that being said, ela you are co. Vid free, I know that, because I went to with you to get tested, we are all Nova 219 free yeah. We all got tested and it was really easy to do which I was so surprised and we got the results. The next day was it the next day, yeah Wow la is doing a really good job. It's crazy, so Dodger Stadium, which is in like the heart of Los Angeles. Has this massive parking lot and because of the sports are shut down. Currently, they turned it into this massive massive testing mm-hm site, where you drive through with your car and I, was afraid. I was gonna, get the straw, the the scooper, the brain scoop, there's a swab. They swab out a piece of your brain mm-hmm, but actually they they leveled up and all they do is give you a little swab. You like walk off and slam in your mouth and you just swab parts of your mouth and that's it yeah. It's awesome, I uh recommend everyone to go, get it done if they can I think it's awesome, though it's available, finally I think in LA I, don't know if it's true of the rest of the world or the rest of the country in LA for sure you can get that test done and everybody I know got it done. So it was awesome. So I am I got nervous, though, when I saw that email they're, like Ethan your kovat test, is end yeah. It's like that STD test when you're in college. Like oh baby, here we go, yeah I mean you know: everybody gets STD tests right. You ever got one I. Don't even know you might have I'm sure, okay, [Laughter] Wow, you uh, we gotta get you tested, no I think I would have noticed by now. Probably so, let's talk about the protests. I have a lot to say about this yeah and I'm. Glad I gave it some time to breathe. I made a video on h3 our main channel, a straight reproductions. Talking about my experience with the police, which some of you probably saw, and my my anecdote was simply that I have been stopped by the police to what Ivan had to counters with the police in my life and both times ended without any incident at all and just totally letting me off one of the times. I had weed and a bong in my truck and I drove off the freeway, because I was nervous and I didn't want to pull over on the side of the freeway, because I didn't know what to do. I was a early driver and it was so shady you know, and I'm and I'm thinking back on those times and I'm like man. If I was black, those probably would have turned out differently and not only that if I would have gone to jail, my whole life would have been [, __, ] up or if you just Dan or if I was killed, yeah, which is obviously even worse, which happened, which is what happened to George Floyd yeah and this whole black lives matter movement, I'm glad to see that it's actually gaining ground. Now, because previously it was oh, it was even a controversial statement to say black lives matter. It was like goes like write. A call yeah was radical for some reason right, but I I. Think, though, the experience that someone like me and most and us here in this office have like coming from like white suburbs, it's hard to even honestly, fully empathize. With with what the experience of being black in America, you know, but I think it's starting to come into view for people just like it's the whole system, right from policing, police brutality and the criminal justice system, where States states have contracts from private prisons and the states have to guarantee to keep the prisons full. It's mental I, don't know if you guys have seen the Netflix documentary 13th about the Thirteenth Amendment. When slavery was abolished, the 13th amendment they added one exception for prisoners, all men are free, except prisoners can be slaves, and ever since that amendment was passed, they've been people, black people have been incarcerated, mm-hmm right and painted as criminals, and it's really extraordinary documentary. This is a show it upsetting to watch yeah. They make it very clear how people have used this they've used all this different terminology to basically still say underlying messages of racism like we're, gonna fight this criminals and then they stay criminal is black people for nothing. They they're, not criminals. You know they'll portray them as criminals and put them in prison and then would seem scary and and then also the whole war on drugs. The underlying tone was black people yeah, going after black people right and Mexican as I guess to yeah minorities. You know yeah, but it showed like after the Civil War ended in the 13th amendment was passed. It was really interesting because they showed how there was immediately propaganda to paint African Americans. As violent criminals has like rapists that will go after white women, which is ironic they point out because it was actually the the white slave owners who were raping and victimizing black man. Since you know for 250 years and afterwards, I think about this. You know you have to understand that it hasn't been that long. You know like this country people there was about 250 years of slave Trading, bringing Africans on a boat over two of the Americas to be slaves, and then, after the Civil War, there was like another hundred years of of actual legal discrimination. Jim Jim Crow laws, which is like you can't drink from the same fountain you get used the same hotels. You can't use the same bathrooms, this kind of [ __ ]. My dad was born in 1950. Those laws were still in the books in 1950. That's crazy, yeah! It wasn't that long ago. So when you think about systemic racism- and you go like well sure, there's nothing on the penal code that is racist but think about this 250 years of slavery, a hundred years of Jim Crow laws, which is actual legal discrimination and then that's the stuff ended in like 1960, the 1960s was when the civil rights movement was so that was like 60 years ago now, so you have 350 years of oppression and 60 years, and you and people expect black people who have accumulated the same amount of wealth and then another part. So this is this is another part of systemic racism that I think kind of shows the problem here, a large part of public schools are funded in large part by property taxes, so you live in a middle class, upper middle class or rich suburb. The class the school is gonna, be much better funded because the property value is much higher. If you go to a poor, neighborhood they're, getting way less funding simply by the way that property tax works it. So to that end, you have more poverty. You have worst schools. That alone is proven to increase crime lower education, so you have in a way this systemic racism, because you have this. People that were brought here were enslaved and discriminated against for hundreds of years, and now people expect them to just they're at an incredible disadvantage. There's just no way about it and then the system of oppression about, like you, know the privatizing, our jails and then states guarantee to keep these jails full, and so they make laws like three-strikes-you're-out and the war on drugs and what was the one and so they're keeping the prisons full and they're there they're painting black people as criminals and thugs and drug users and they're filling the prisons up with black prisoners. The stats on black prisoners is is a astounding. It's astounding, 25 percent of all prisoners in the world are in America yeah at this time is insane and then what what's the percentage of prisoners are black? It's damn it can you look that up? I think it's like 40 percent, even though yeah I think it's 40, even though it's looking so black Americans make up 12% of the population and forty percent of the prison population, and by the way they statistically use drugs as much as white people, but they get arrested for it like six times more often so that just looked it up, it's a thirty seven. Thirty, seven percent that's way off I mean they commit crime at the same rate as by white people, but the whole justice system is just so corrupt. I've been saying that for a long time I mean we need to empty these [ __ ] jails. This is a travesty. This is a absolute human travesty that we have so many millions of people in our prison system right now for nonviolent offenses and then not to mention what conditions they're in when they're in prison and not to mention what happens when they get out. I always think about that moment. When they get out, they have nothing to have to readjust to whatever happened with society like everything's different. They have no career and it starts from zero and it's actually worse than that, because when you're a felon or even if you have a criminal history, it's stacked against you because it's harder to get a job. You have to disclose that you have a criminal record and you can vote and felons can't even vote, and the thing is like you, people think of prison has like rehabilitation centers, it's not the way. I mean that's true in other countries. I think you know, technically speaking, you think of prison. It should be for rehabilitating, but actually our prison system is so brutal, so overpopulated so so, inhuman, it's not a rehabilitation center. It's just a slavery right and actually they used this human resource that they have there to work. They do slave labor and a lot of companies depend on this slave labor. They get paid like eight cents an hour or something you know what I mean, and then they charge them like two dollars. A minute for phone calls so anyway, to go back to the whole reason. Reason that we're here having these protests is that black people keep getting killed by by police. The stat is that black people on black people get killed by the police 2.5 times more than white people mm-hmm. The truth is the stats are fuzzy, because police, this is shocked. Police aren't even required to report it. There's only there's only been an aggregate by a third party journalists who started putting this together because they were trying to figure out. Okay. Well, are black people being killed more than white people about police and there's no national database? Nobody requires the police to report it to a national database when they kill people I, then they're aggregating gun deaths right well. When you shoot people, George Floyd wasn't killed by a gun. Neither was Eric Gardner they're, both choked out I, think those are the two biggest problems facing our country right now, as priests, police brutality and our whole criminal justice system is just so any human. It's inhuman, I, don't know. I feel like this. This is a real wakening awakening moment for everyone. I agree, I feel myself. That I was not aware of so much yeah that is going on and deep problems and where they come from that it really it's crazy I. Just it's so heavy and um, sad and I feel like people will make a change now. I think I hope. So because you know the truth is that it's been often said that nobody's free till everybody's free mm-hmm- and you know, of course they say the original sin of America is that that slavery, that our founding fathers would write that all men are created. Equal Wow Wow having slaves is like the ultimate irony, and then it brings me to this other point of like the Confederate flag, like people in the south and people, people are flying the Confederate flag and trying to write it off like it's just history, dude the Confederates were a bunch of [ __, ] traitors. They were anti-american, I love how these people are proud, Americans flying the Confederate flag, there's nothing more unamerican than the Confederate flag. These are a bunch of [ __, ] traitors that wanted to ruin America. They waged war on America, I'm, still, learning about that and I don't understand. How is it even something that is allowed like that companies have to ban it? Why is it even an issue? Isn't it obvious that it should be banned from everything? There's been like a incredible effort to rewrite history, it's funny when the war during the Civil War the north and the south, [ __ ] hated each other like hey, you think our country's divided now I mean well clearly. They were dying by the by the hundreds of thousands. But if you try to fly Confederate in America after the Civil War, you were to [ __ ]. They would have burned that [ __ ] down, because they knew that that was the flag of traitors and white supremacy right and so during the 1950's. During like the height of the KKK and white supremacy and Jim Crow, they started rewriting the history of the Confederacy like it was about states rights and it was about our great heritage and they that's when they started putting up all these Confederate statutes, because America would never tolerate Confederate statues back when the wounds of that war was was fresh. They waited for all the veterans of the Civil War to die and for people to forget what that war actually was about to the point where you could actually create this propaganda. Of course, many people know the truth, but you convince enough people that it's about states, rights and our beautiful heritage. Then they start putting up statues to Confederate heroes in the south, where a bunch of black Americans live and, of course, what do you think of black American things when we fly Confederate flag? That's not that's the flag of white supremacy, that's not a flag for you! It's your heritage, you're, an American! If you're, if you are identifying with the Confederacy, then you're identifying with [ __ ] traitors that wanted the waged war on America. That's just that's! Just I mean you: could you could feign ignorance, but I? Don't know you can't fly a Nazi flag and just feign ignorance I mean the Confederacy. Was a country founded on white supremacy and slavery, they're awful people, you know just straight up: how is he not nationally banned? Well America, you could fly in a Nazi flag too. You know it's a freedom, -, a freedom of expression, so we believe in here but I love. When people say Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. The same people who go Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. How can Republicans be racist are the same people that are flying Confederate flags. You understand that Abraham Lincoln fought and died fighting the Confederacy to free slaves. You can't have it both ways: it's crazy, it's just so stupid. So on the Confederate statue thing, those things absolutely should be taken down. Those guys are traitors, bro and white. Supremacist, always tought. If there is some historic, if it's worth to you, something historic put it in a museum sure you know don't put in this and it's not a it yeah yeah I mean look. If you want, like sure, there's a lot of great Americans from the south, but if, if they're known for being Confederate General or someone who championed the Confederacy, that's that's not a good reason to honor them. Those are traitors and losers and white supremacist. That's just the fact anyway. I keep seeing [ __ ] coming. You know, I have to admit to like you you it's occurred to me recently, where it's like you think back during slavery and you like to think I would have been on the side of ablution abolition and you think back during the Civil, Rights and you're, like I, would have definitely marched with Martin Luther King everybody. Even the Republicans I saw Glenn back on. Oh I, respect Martin Luther King more than any of these liberals and then the ironic part is like, if you realize it, we are in right now a second civil rights movement for this very same people with our prison system and with our policing system. So so you we are in that time, and this is that time. It's that bad mm-hmm, you know african-americans were putting in their art and their literature and they were saying over and over in every single way. That could possibly say it and people people didn't listen. They didn't really understand so there's some there's some points here like whenever I see people saying all live matter all lives matter. This is a horrible thing to say and I'll tell you why well I painted an analogy in our video on h3h3 productions. That's like saying, if you, if you call if your house is, if there's a house on fire and there's 20 houses, you call the fire department, the fire department comes and they start start squirting water in all 20 houses. And you go. Why are you squirting water on all the houses? This house is on fire and then the firefighter goes well all houses matter. It's like yeah all houses matter, but this one's on fire. You know when you say all lives matter, you're, basically saying yeah. You know we all got problems right, you're, basically saying hey your problems, ain't! Your problems, ain't, nothing! More than anyone's! That's not true! Far from true yeah, but also you could have problems and they can have problems your what you're doing is completely dismissing anything they're trying to say right. It's fine, you have problems, but they have bigger problems. They have different. You wait. You got problems, they got problems. Let's talk about both problems. What's your problem? Well, if they had, if they can have their basic rights as human beings, they have bigger problems. You know what I mean this is. It needs to be addressed your regular problems. They have that - yeah, you know, but they have more problems on top of that, I totally agree with you, I'm just I'm, trying to frame it in a way where it's like. If you think, as a white person, you have issues, we can talk about those, but we can also talk about the black Oh like. Why do you refuse to set yourself aside for a minute right and understand that you're, not the center of everything, and that someone else is actually having it worse than you I? Think I think these people are like well, I got a shitty job and I'm broke and everyone I knows bro and they are - yeah, and on top of that they have to be afraid of walking in the street and getting shot by a police guy for no reason, mm-hmm and dying. You know it's like yeah. We all got problems, but you're you can drive, you can call the freeway and yeah. You can call the police black people feel like a lot of black people feel like they can't call the police I bet you they have to think about it twice. You know before they do. What is it worth? It there's? So many of you I was watching this video shot. Block shop owner calls the police to report a robbery and then they show up and beat the [ __ ] out of the shop owner and arrest him. That's why black people don't call the police yeah. It was even worse than that right. They walk past the dude. Oh, that actually was yeah and he was like on his way out and they like rush past him. So all lives matter is honestly I would say at best it's a extremely ignorant, rude and dismissive, and that worse, is just straight-up racist mm-hmm. So that's what people that's what it really means all lives matter. It's just ignorant, don't come at me and tell me, say all lives matter that has nothing to do with what they're saying anyway, yeah. Okay, all lives matter. That's that has nothing to do with that. They're saying they're, not saying all lives, don't matter, they're saying we as buyers laughs problems that we need to talk about they're saying they would like to get to the point that we're all lives matter, but we're not there. It's just like it's just it's such a it's just so really it's just a awful argument, and then you have people like Candace Owen, for example, who are taking the angle of trying to assassinate the character of George Floyd, and this happens very much is the worst. This really is, in my opinion, the absolute pits- absolute yes of just toxicity, you're, talking about a person who died and has a a mourning family right now, yeah. You want to go on about his character now. What does it matter? It doesn't so Candice Owen is a right. She's she's, a black female she's, very articulate, but she's like a very conservative I, don't even know how to describe her, but she made a video on Facebook. Harel show a little bit of it that went like mega viral on Facebook and all over the place she's known for for making these kinds of statements. So it doesn't come as a surprise to anyone. Obviously, but this to me is the absolute most terrible, inhuman argument to make I'll just play the beginning part for you, hello, Facebook, family I have decided to do this video. It has been weighing very heavily on my heart and on my mind as well, and it was something that I wanted to say early on, but there were so many emotions and so much pressure for me to go with the popular opinion about who George Floyd was, and sometimes it can be difficult when there were just so many external pressures to say what you believe- and this was an instance where I felt like my silence- would have been better in the beginning. But the more that I think about it. I realized that we are being sold a lot of Lies and at the detriment to the black community, at the detriment to the white community and at the detriment to America as a whole. So I want to come out and say that I do not support George Floyd and the media depiction of him as a martyr for black America I'm, going to explain why and I hope that some of you guys will understand where I'm coming from I have spent a considerable amount of. So she goes on from here for 18 minutes to talk about everything she just a totally assassinators character that he went to prison for armed robbery, 18 or 13 years ago. What that he shouldn't be the hero of yeah he's, not a martyr, she says, but here's the thing she says she goes on and on about all these terrible things he's done, but here's the thing nobody is saying he's a great his character is not in question: you're, not mad his care, it could have been. You know it could have been uh. It could have been anyone. It doesn't matter who it was. The fact of the matter is that a cop kneeled on his neck for nine minutes straight until he literally died right there on the street in front of people. He wasn't resisting. He wasn't doing anything to warrant that he did barely even committed a crime and it doesn't nobody's making him a martyr. That's best again, that's like a straw. Man argument same as same as the whole lives matter nobody's making that argument, so, instead of actually dressing the issue of police brutality, she's destroying his character, assassinating his character to change the argument into. Oh, don't make him a martyr. He was a bad guy. The police didn't know anything about him when they killed him. Actually, that's not true. The guy. The cop who murdered him worked with him. The guy who kneeled on his neck for nine minutes worked with him at a nightclub and they apparent. Reportedly, they had beef because the cop was using excessive force on people and George. Floyd did not like him and was often telling him to ease up on people. So this cop knew George. Floyd has history with him, and then he comes kills him when he's on duty, so he might change to first degree. First-Degree murder, if you ask me, and by the way this cop, that killed George Floyd has a long history of violent abuse and reports and yada yada, yada, yada, yada, and guess what this guy's just he's just out. There terrorizing the community and he stays on the force. It reminds me a lot of how the church just shuffled around pedophiles. This is same [ __, ] bad-apple they go, which is a couple of bad apples, so we'll just shuffle them around. Okay, bad apples, don't usually kill people, you know so anyway. She goes on and actually Dave Chappelle put out this 30-minute speech with a couple of punchlines yeah. That's a good way to put it it's on YouTube, actually on the Netflix YouTube channel, and he says he responds to Candace Owen. By saying we didn't choose him. The cops chose him and killed him. So he's the guy mm-hmm. It's got nothing to do with this character as just another deflection. You know and then the other argument. So people are saying: let's defund the police, I gotta, say I'm for Minneapolis, where this crime originally happened. The the City Council voted to defund the police. Now what does it mean to defund the police? What that means is to move the budget around the police budget is enormous. For example, here in Los Angeles, the proposed budget out of a 10 billion general fund, 3.1 billion, is going to the LAPD Los Angeles one-year yeah that's the year. It was proposed for next year, of course, now because of all of the not anymore right exactly so so people are asking and rightfully so. Why are we do we keep investing and heavily and policing? We are militarizing the police. We are arming our place to the teeth. Why are we putting money here and not putting money in communities and schools and social services and housing for the poor? If you invest there, then you don't need the police they're, saying they're, saying there's a better different way to do this and you and I have to agree with them. Yeah I have to agree also, once you start to look into the origin of how the police started and how things have happened historically, like watching the 13 documentary, they showed that the Democrats kept losing to Republicans because they weren't pushing the agenda of like hard on crime hard on crime. We got a basically you say hard on crime. Underlying tone of it is that you're gonna go after black people, that's what it was and the Republicans kept pushing for that and they want and then, when Bill Clinton wanted to win. He had to do this whole policy of going really hard on police funding. I'm, not that well informed on what exactly it did, but he yeah bill clinton. Actually, he kind of made it way worse. Yeah, bill clinton and you know who the architect of that bill was yeah, Alec or or Hillary. Was it Hillary go ahead down you Joe Biden, Oh, Joe, Biden, Joe, Budden, recurrent solomon ii? I will say that to bills credit he has come out since then and said that that was the greatest mistake of his presidency and it's hard to you know these guys are just playing this game right, they're, playing this political game and like they don't like. Imagine like they're playing the oh, I want to be President and then they're, and then they don't think about- or maybe they do, maybe there's just that cynical and evil, but they're I think they're just playing their house of cards right, but Bill Clinton invented this term of super predator and that these people are just evil and they need to go to jail and I. Believe it was it Bill Clinton that invented the three strikes you're out. Well, you didn't invent it, but but you're right that the three strikes is for any crime, no matter how small on the third one you get locked up for a long time or life I, don't remember, but extremely punitive anyway. That I think the reason I brought it up is because they show in that documentary how how much the police was really a way of going after black people after slavery was ended because they still couldn't just be okay with black people being free, and so they wanted to go after them for crime and for being criminals right and they weren't. But so the police is consistently being heavily funded in those ways to go. For those reasons, after black people for being I, don't know it's just. It's just been like racist in the beginning, and now this is the result, so it was like they were saying that the police establishment is deeply wiped. Supremacist from the onset like in the south, their economy was heavily reliant on slavery, and so when slavery was abolished, they took a major hit economically and then as a way to to kind of trying to bring back the black people into the fold of slave labor. They were arresting them for like minor crimes and they're, making laws to target them, and so that they could just keep them a perpetual state of being prisoners, so they could use them as slave labor. But the question of D from the police is: why do we continue to increase? It goes back to that great adage right. It's like an ounce of an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of go ahead and correct me quickly. I, don't know, I, don't know we're on so. Prevention is better than a pound of fixing. It I feel like George Bush right now, get fooled up. Fool me twice: I can't filming again don't get fooled again, but past the 30-minute mark. Just to give you a heads up. It's an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. There you go who said that Zachary very wise, I, just googled, who said that I bet you as a slave owner, Benjamin, Franklin I'm, not saying just think it was a founding father tributed. Oh it's unattributed, okay, but that's that that that, in principle is what this is right. It's like we keep. We keep attacking the symptom which is like, let's say, crime and poverty, and what really you just want to get people in jail, so we're investing in the police please, but we're not addressing the actual cause, which is that we have poor people, poor, neighborhoods, bad schooling, bad social services, no support for the mentally ill shitty schools, shitty, housing options for the homeless, it's like! Instead of supporting and it's just not humane. We have to support our community, but instead we're investing in the police that are punishing them, so, instead of uplifting them the same money that could up with them is going to money to punish and police them. It's crazy, I'm not saying get rid of the police entirely. You keep a force, that's dedicated to violent crimes, shootings Violent, Crimes, etc, etc. That's where the police should be what they should be doing, but if you get a call about someone who's doing drugs or making lots of noise or a non-violent, offense or yadda-yadda-yadda, you don't need armed police storm troopers, showing up ready with their finger on the trigger. That's how George, Floyd and Eric garner were killed, dudes, who are doing nothing and so that that in principle, is, is what defund the police means and I actually fully support. It I think it's so important that we change the system. John Oliver episode also pointed out how there's just too much that is being put under the police umbrella like they're. They just have to take care of everything everything everyone yeah they're, not even equipped for it. I, don't even know how yeah he showed up. He showed a speech from a police chief I, forget what city and who said it, but he's like look frankly, you guys the police are doing way too much. Mm-Hmm they're just doing way too much. We you you instead of having the police, do it have people who are better trained for that their specific task. You can't expect a police offer who's trained to deal with violence, they're violent, they deal with violence and they take on risks and they're trained for that. So it's only it's almost hard, for example, to even like it's better for them to just put them in this places where they're trained to be because when they're all on edge and they're trained to use their weapon and they're thinking like that, when they show up to something that doesn't really require that level of force. Of course, they're gonna go there more often I mean it's just like any other field in the world or any in a business you you have specialized people doing specialized things. Definitely you just need to separate and have people specialize in specific things. Yes, their duty I mean the cops just wear too many hats, they're required to do too many things and they're, really not good at all. Those things and and and the police training by nature is um they're not trained to do those things they're trained to be police. This is by the way, the budget for LA of the discretionary ten billion that the mayor has. This is how much he's putting into LAPD versus housing a community transportation, recs and parks, Cultural Affairs, emergency management- that just to give you an idea, I mean that's [, __, ] outrageous. You know and then imagine a black person. You work, you pay taxes and all and like this huge vast majority of the taxes you're paying is going to a people that you don't even feel comfortable, calling you're that you're afraid of you know. So that's that's what defund the police means, let's throw it to a quick break and we will come back and continue. This conversation don't go away. Thank you to me on DS for sponsoring us makers of the most luscious, beautiful soft underwear and the game made of micro modal, which is just about a billion times softer than cotton. I think they have measured that scientifically and nice. Beautiful soft underwear makes a great gift for Father's Day ela mm-hmm I want to be celebrating Father's Day this year right, hmm Samiha undies sounds good. My first pair of me, undies I, put on honestly was like a cloud around my genitals and I got to tell you I, usually just wear this normal cotton. It's rough. Sometimes it rubs on the on the tip of your penis, and sometimes it just doesn't feel that good. To be honest, but the me on DS is soft, its breathable. You know it's just everything right. It doesn't write up. It doesn't give you a wedgie, it's just everything right about underwear. So me, undies Mandy's has the brilliant thing called undies membership, where, every month the softest undies ever appear at your door. The convenience factor is clutch and you never have to leave your house. Oh and get this. You get site-wide savings. Early access and free shipping is pure joy because, when undies greet you in your mailbox June gloom, June gloom is doomed. Me undies is made from micro, modal and an irresistible soft sustainable fabric that in cases your nether regions and cloud like comfort, its magically made from trees and other reasons to give them a hug. They have sizes, ranging from extra small to 4 XL dude I'm like push it I'm like to excel these days. Bro I'm trying hard though but good the good news is I, have two more sizes to throw into me. Undies has a great offer for our listeners. If you're a first-time purchase served me on DS, you get 15% off and free shipping. So you got to give this a try. If you're just out there wearing ordinary underwear, you don't know what you're missing out with me: undies supersoft and they about 100% satisfaction guaranteed. So if you don't like it boom, you get your money back. No risk, no reason not to try so get 50% off your first order. Free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed. By going to me, Indies comm, / h3, that's me on DS dot-com, / h3. For all of our sake. We need to be avoiding crowds right now, any way we can. But what, if you need to go to the post office, what if you need to send a package out letters packages whatever? Well, don't worry, because stamps.com is here to help with stamps calm. You can print postage on demand and skip those lines and crowds at the post office. Plus you actually save money with discounts that you can't get at the post office and if that wasn't enough, stamps calm also offers UPS services with discounts up to 62 percent and no UPS residential surcharges. Stamps Elcom brings you all the services of the US Postal Service right to your computer and the safety and comfort of your own home office or anywhere else. You may be hunkering down right now, whether your small business sending invoices or an online seller shipping out products or you're just working from home and need to mail stuff, Sam's comp can handle it all with ease, simply use your computer to print official US postage 24/7 for any letter any package, any class of mail anywhere. You want to send it once your mail is ready. You just leave it with your mail carrier schedule a free, pickup or drop it in the mailbox. No human contact is required. Isn't that simple ain't that the beauty buddy like I said at Sam's Calm, you get great discounts, - five cents off every first-class stamp and up to 62 percent off of shipping rates, so stamps calm is a no-brainer, especially now saving you time and money and keeping you safe in these crazy times. Right now for our listeners, we've got a special offer that includes a four week: trial, plus free postage and a digital scale, without any long-term commitment go to stamps com click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type h3 that stamps comm and enter h3 stay safe. My friends, so we are back, welcome back then, when you get really deep in the hole of weird counter-arguments. You've got queueing on who try to untangle this one yo, oh yeah! This is my [ __ ] right here, so we've got what we've got like six seven. Eight ten question marks four circles: 20 arrows now here is their theory, and you can draw your conclusion from this. Why do we see lines on the dark pavement but do not on the light pavement Oh? So here's a line like the answer lies within the question. Why do we see lines in the dark, but not on the light, because it's easier to see on the dark? But here, but you look, you would think that why don't you see a line here? There's a line. It actually looks like the line is like I kind of did, see there right here, right, wait! No, which one are you talking about, so this is apparently the same. Here's the line which line these lines. This line yeah well in this picture, it's too close, yeah, it's too close I. Think your line is right here, yeah, so I, don't know why circling right here is no they're. Talking about that line that is next to his head. I think this line is next to his head. Yeah, the seven that I do see it versus you can't see his head in this one. Where did the line go? That's the point. Ela go ahead, unpack it for me, you see the line there you go Wow. Is this a joke? Disoriented, Joe dan says it's real Oh. Unfortunately, it is very real. Is this the same Street the police, car move? Why are the lines different? Why are the lines different? Why are the lies that robbed their friend? That's what you think, but how do you know? Where did the lines go? You look big Eric go hold on no white line on the black pavement, visible white line. Where is the white line now I love that they make all this hysteria over the white line, but I still don't understand? What's the implication or even the point of this conspiracy, you know what I mean like okay, we have it on video. What does it mean? What does the white line? There's something else going on here: I'm? How fake do you understand? Okay to fake this video you would need there was like a ton of people gather around. So you need a bunch of actors. You need a closed set. You need to close off the stress of that registry ins, walking by weren't able to capture this fake event. You would need the police to not the, but, but how did you so then the police are on it because he obviously murdered George Floyd. So you need these police to take the fall and not say it's fake. It's it's like oh I, think I I could be wrong, but I think that he in in in cue and on world he didn't actually die. They faked his death he's still alive, but what he but the guy kneeled on his neck for nine minutes yeah, but he was, you know as a stunt. It's like a movie, so everybody is in on it everybody's in on it wow. That is, that is an impressive conspiracy. I mean these people have no problem stretching their. Imagine. Remember that Alex Jones thought that Sandy Hook was an entire like faked event, with tons of actors that yeah I mean it's not unprecedented right. Well, that one practice at this Sandy Hook would be way harder to coordinate than this. This is small potatoes compared to that right. Exactly exactly imagine faking the death of like dozens of kids, so anyway, that's my whole spiel. You know look I I'm trying to avoid politics in general, but I do personally feel like this is very important. This is a defining issue of our time and I. Don't want to I feel like it'd, be a little bit cowardly of me to just not speak up on something like this, because I know it's going to upset people I feel like in this case. This is different, and this is a time that there's a real movement right now. That I think is really important to keep keep it going until there's real change, because it just can't happen again. It's just not. There can't be another George Floyd. It cannot happen again. It happens like every week. Unfortunately, that's unacceptable and I think that any especially as being not being black, we have a responsibility to take part in this and do whatever we can and educate ourselves, which is something I personally been trying to do. Try to educate ourselves and try to understand. Why are things the way our and where are the points where change can actually happen? Mm-Hmm, like they're saying with voting I, don't know beyond just the presidential candidate like all day, the more local election yeah local elections, hmm voting for your da, that's a big one that most people ignored. Well, the Minneapolis City Council are the ones who are able to abolish the police. Mm-Hmm defund, the police, rather so I feel like this isn't really a political issue. It's like a human's right. Yes, it's you I, don't know how it became political I. Really don't really it's just some people refused to accept me not that alcove. It became a political issue here. I, don't know how yeah that I think ovid becoming a political issue is truly mind-bending to me at speaking of and and again, I have to I, don't like talking about Trump here, because people get upset, but I have to bring this one up because Trump tweeted about the 70 year old guy. We all saw the video of the 75 year old guy who got pushed over by the police cracked, his head open on the sidewalk that was bleeding out of his ears. We all saw that video and had like a trillion gazillion views and we all saw it and were like wow. This is [ __, ], crazy, Donald, Trump, tweets out everybody hold on to that G or seat Buffalo protester shoved by police could be an Tifa provocateur 75 year old martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. So this guy the 75 year old man over this video, we all saw, was attempting to black out all their communications by I. Don't know he had his phone in his hand and then they say I watched he felt harder than pushed was aiming scanner could be a setup he felt harder than he pushed. This is a 75 year old man that was able to catapult himself to the concrete and crack his dome and intentionally give himself permanent brain damage right. Oh, this is the tweet that, oh, that there was a I was like wow. This is peak. Insanity like this has got to be too far for, like everybody right not for 200,000 people, no I think a lot of people like Trump's tweets. Maybe ironically, I, don't know what or really that's real you think so yeah I think so. Would you like, ironically well they're like dude? Look at this crazy, ass, tweet I might retweet it for that yeah. Maybe right like but I mean like I mean a lot of that is like peak insanity, garbage right glad. You agree, team, hmm game start. What do you think about the that's that 75 year old really crossed the line he crossed the line? Well, I! Don't I disagree with you, sir I think. That's just an awful thing to say: you're a [, __ ] hypocrite, hey, don't talk about not God! That guy did not deserve any of that out there you said, keep sorry. You were way over the line to speak about him like that. Guy's garbage, hey, come on, have some respect for the man: good luck, Ethan, cuz, you're, gonna, [, __, ], all right, she's worth thing, get heated about his friend tweeted this out. He goes kind of surreal when the president starts accusing your 75 year old friend, of being an agent of an tyfa. My friends, george Gugino, is an old man with cancer was now in the hospital with brain damage. After being pushed to the ground by police officer, he was trying to talk to there. You have um George, Oh, Martin, Martin's, Eugene or joy. George came from, did I, say George, that's what Zach he said: George Oh Yugi, no Martin Gigi! No, that video was kind of traumatizing I can't watch. It. I watched it already so many times, because it was over the news and everything and I can't, but it's like. So that was like one of the most horrible things, I've seen and then Trump yeah. Why would you say I'd you notice the consequence, though, because you have all these crazy queueing on people and all these wild conspiracy actors who are now gonna, pick that up and target this poor guy and his family. It's just crazy! Oh and then the NYPD makes a statement because they're upset about all the [ __ ] they're, getting from protesters, and this this here's a little excerpt from their their meeting new york police boss, mike O'meara, went off on the media today by someone in Minneapolis. It's still got a shine on it by the way they killed, Eric garner, and so nothing like it. So do this stop treating us like animals and thugs and start treating us with some respect. Isn't that what black people say you treat them like forever? How could you take it for a week and you're out there crying like a little [ __ ]? How can you be son, not self-aware, because the police state they don't get [ __ ]? They don't take [ __ ]. They give [ __ ]. Let's end this little [ __ ] baby. He thinks he's in a movie or same thing. So do this we still got shine on our badge, damn it the talks like that we ain't never killed nobody here in New, York City. This guy's, like a caricature, I, know and start treating us with some respec. How about you take shift for one week not fall apart, like a little baby. Mud birds still got shine on it. Okay, Scorsese! That's what we're here today to say: we've been left out of the conversation we've been good. Maybe it's not your time to talk, maybe sure time to listen right. Hmm, maybe you get to talk. You've been talking for decades, maybe just shut the [ __ ] up and actually listen to what people are saying. I mean it's kinda just proves the whole point of the movement. It's like falling on deaf ears, hostile ears, disgusting. It's disgusting trying to make us embarrassed about profession, 375 million interactions. So with the George Floyd video yeah, you would you have you know that? Well, no, he says. Oh, that happened in Minneapolis. My badge still got shine on it, but obviously he and I cannot build me. Oh yeah, of course, positive. Nobody talks about all the police officers that were killed in the last week in the United States of America, and there were a number of them yeah. Well. Police officers haven't have an expectation that it's a dangerous job that they signed up for it's tragic whenever an officer loses its life, but black people don't are not expecting to be murdered by the police. Like that's, that's not something. That's expected to happen. I mean it's. It's a it's a very bad comparison to say: well, police are murdered in the line of duty, which is a dangerous job that we all signed up for, and it's expected to happen in the course of our duty. You know to some of us tragic as it may be. That's what makes you a hero right. You want to be a hero. You want to be a hero. He wants to be treated like a hero, but George Floyd was murdered. Yes, this is why we're all here talking. It's got nothing to do with cops. There's nothing to lie, do with any of that, but sometimes no one is saying that every single one of these people in this group are evil. You know what I mean I feel like it's. Such a a lot of people are saying that there is a there's, a big movement right now, I see it everywhere. It's all cops are bastards ACAB. So there are a lot of people saying all cops are bastards and I think what they mean. Is that look at how weapon and George would you have one guy killing a dude and three guys sitting there protecting him right? So it's the whole. It's the fraternity! It's the cult, eNOS, it's the whole system. It's the whole thing or the police apparatus is a problem. Yeah and I mean this kind of proves their point. I got defensive. These I'm also adding a solidary like it, the guy to 75 year old. When the cop was punished, then they all so decided to resign whatever. That means there was really a resign. Two cops got arrested for shoving that 75 year old man over and all of the other cops like 60. Something of them resigned in protest in support of the two cops yeah. Did they get arrested, yeah they got charged for assault. Oh okay, I hadn't heard that yeah they'd the two officers got charged for assault well and then the officers. One point that I do know is that they didn't actually resign from being police writers. They just resigned from the task force. Oh yeah. They still get they're still getting paid by the way. There's. No. What I saw that I was like it'd, be nice to have a job where I can just resign from [ __ ]. That I don't feel like doing anymore right, Ethan I resign from doing the highlights actually I like channel I'm, just like damn I gotta hire someone else down yeah. Well, you still have to pay me for everything else. By the way, I noticed how all the more wearing masks, but just this one guy's like I'm, not gonna, [, __, ], wear masks. He had a [ __ ] I'm, not normal. Maybe he was also speaking or something I, don't know, yeah, that's probably true. We don't get, though Minneapolis. We roundly reject what he did and roll your Police Department does the same things. What the [ __ ] disgusting, it's disgusting, it's not what we do. Salwa police officers do well on the plate. I just lay there's a big reading off the press is vilifying us. Well, you know what guys I'll probably be a cop and I'm gonna continue to be proud to be okay, you know what guys we rule this. Is this isn't about you personally? Like he's taking it personal, like you said how about just listen, yeah and they're all there in solidarity like totally missing the point, why you guys being so brutal, yeah I, know and then, of course, people are protesting, police brutality and the police respond with police brutality, yeah beautiful, thank you for proving everything they the police have been doing, has totally been proving their point over and over and over again NASCAR bans. The Confederate flag, which I think is a huge move. People should not be flying the Confederate [ __ ] flag people are not happy by the way the Komets are gold. This is this is ridiculous. You can't erase history argument is what wait? What history are? They erasing yeah put it in a book, it is in a book. So what do you want? I'm, sorry, I, hate you more and more I will support local tracks. More than I will support NASCAR I hate you, you have become political. All of a sudden. You will lose more fans just like the NFL did now just put this in perspective. These are the kind same kind of messages. People were getting. Schools we're getting restaurants, public places we're getting when they allowed black people to come, share the same space as white people. It's the same [ __, ] messages and everybody likes to think back then and be like oh I, wouldn't support that it's people were sending the same messages. Okay, it's the same [ __, ], different [, __ ] day. Let's see pretty soon, we will all have radios in the car playing rap music, okay, interesting! Oh here we go all its ever meant is heritage. My Southern roots run deep I'm, proud of that and I always will be. You shouldn't be your son bro. These are guys these are traitors. To America I mean that's like a German by the way and the Confederacy was short-lived. It's not like deep Southern roots, the Confederacy. They existed for like five years and they were defeated and abolished. The Confederacy has nothing to do with Southern roots yeah, the flag, isn't even that wasn't. Even the flag of the Confederacy is literally the flag of one of the armies, like it's explicitly just the flag of people that actively fought America. Look at this. Why must we always have to give in destroy our history's, uncivil and embarrassing? I mean it's literally the same person from a person in Germany being like hey dude, I'm gonna fly I swear to god, this I'm not being hyperbolic. It's a German person flying a Nazi five million. A dog is my history. It's not. It's got nothing to do with Nazism. It's just my history bro my deep, my deep Nazi history. There is some of that sentiment and because many, but it's a the Confederacy, only existed for five years. It's got nothing to do with southern identity. Nothing. The Confederacy was about white supremacy and slavery. It's crazy and it shouldn't be flown [, __, ] them [, __ ], the Confederacy [ __ ], the Confederate [ __ ] traitor asked losers, so that's great I mean NASCAR is pretty much middle America. So you know there's lots of pushback but changes inevitable and people will get over it and then, in 20 years all their kids will be like that was [ __ ] up. You know what I mean like us. Looking back on Jim Crow and segregation, and we were like that was so [ __ ] up mm-hmm that'll be 20 years to this website's awesome. This website is called one angry gamer. You could say that again. This is one angry gamer traders of America I love that he's a gamer and he's just angry he's got a list of traitors to America, which is very comprehensive. Adidas, for example, let's see what they did. It's a very comprehensive website, so adidas tweeted up one three together is how we move forward together is how we make change. So this was their traitorous tweet. So I just think looks like it was just supporting something: Nike tweeted yeah, it was a Nike must be really in the [ __ ]. You know, let's see, I'll be part of the same changed Nike says it's a black lives matter thing I, think so. So they's are traitors to America Amazon's, a double traitor. Oh sounds bad Amazon donates ten million dollars to organizations supporting justice, equity traders, Adult Swim traitors. We stand with our black colleagues, black lives matter, so standing your way to black colleagues. Is the traitor tumor, a traitor to white America, which is what it means, which is what the Confederacy was all about. So these are all companies that are traitors and if you're not on this list, you should be. You should be wondering why you're not on this list. Basically, you should be on this list. You should be worried. Let's eat celebrities, Andrew yang god bless you glad to see what did he do? Traitor I like how it just takes one Italy, so reference I mean this is a really good he's very thorough website. Yeah black lives matter. Mayor grief, lead us traitor. You [ __ ], traitor uh. Let's see here, there's so many just like Andy Miller. What did he do that traitor deal? Wait, wait Anita sarkeesian destroyed the entire gaming industry. Do you see that I'll click that Andy said after having a tweet that blew up worldwide and seeing the trash and honest racists in the comments made me a little jaded I'll? Do a charity, Twitter stream for Minnesota freedom fund, because I think it's the right thing to do and more effective than a Twitter post. With my feelings, you traitor you traitor to white America yeah the entire game. There are no video games and wait. You guys realize, but there just there is in video games over I love that people get their own titles to awesome. This website's really cool right now we are seeing so many folks generously give, however much they can to help the people and organizations doing more important work. Today, I gave to two very different NACA yada-yada-yada. Who cares about your traitor? How dare you Oh, ariana grande war, a micro skirt to a funeral I love? How conservative is what did she wear by the way? Can you pull up whatever she wore to a funeral? She just she. She tweeted about black lives matter, so obviously she's a traitor. You know this website so fun and I love how it's just so well sourced Britney Spears, the first one funeral we know, but they have the proof they have the receipts of everybody. Every traitor, it's one tweet! It's awesome, though, like it's so easy to reference. Chris Reagan is an insincere traitor Oh. What what interesting? Oh I, love! Twitter! Oh one, angry gamer has a has a Twitter account. He said, we've updated the list. Why is that insincere? Oh because he doesn't love Twitter, okay, critical, mmm, sorry, well, I'm glad to see critical on the list. Congratulations, former world's best slap fight. Did you find the skirt yeah I said it was a wreath of Franklin's funeral, hey that doesn't look that bad, a micro skirt, Bill Clinton has kept his kppen look. Isn't he did Bill such a horndog, Billy Boy old, Billy Boy? But you know black people generally really like the Clintons. Isn't that true, they really like Bill Clinton, despite the fact that it was like hard on crime and it's a complicated history, I mean yeah. It was very complicated and even black people he's a southern, didn't really realized what they were voting for and then we're voting I, don't want to speak out of turn. I, don't understand the complexion of that I know: I mean I'm. Just all of my research is basically watching the 13th documentary, but it was very informative game, grumps or traders. H3H3 disgraced now is I. It's just a disgrace. Does that worse? Is that worse or better than traitor? Well, I! Think it's interesting because it's not instead of traitor. It's instead of your occupation. You see how everybody else. It's like what they do, I'm just oh I, just disgraced! That's my that's! My occupation, title huh, interesting black lives matter. This was when I became a traitor. Well, I'm glad I'm on this list. I think I took too long to get on it. To be honest, I think it was a problem that I only now I'm on this list, so I'm glad to be on it. I'm glad to be a traitor to America Justin Bieber, congratulations, ksi is a traitor, beat the snot out of Logan Paul wait. That sounds like a good thing. Well again, that's his um! That's just his title. That's what he's known for he's a traitor, though he's not a youtuber he's mainly known for beating up Logan Paul, but you get the idea you can. You can really dig in here. It's it's fantastic. It really is so shout out to one angry gamer, which is true to name the Beatles mmm. Are you gonna call the Beatles traitors are not even Americans black lives matter. The Beatles didn't have anything to do with this. None of them are dead. Yeah. Are you gonna post? Are you? Are you gonna play him like that? How dare you put up for 50 years, I mean Jesus yeah come on. Dude show some respect, spread the anger that somebody says when he's promoting his as social. This is not love, it love, love, love and then, of course. Finally, the celebrities wouldn't be much and without embarrassing themselves and making another collaborative video apologizing for white privilege. Now you have to you after the last time this happened with. Imagine you would think that people would be wiser cuz. They all did that. Imagine thing by gal. Gadot and everybody got clowned on so hard, and so they says you know what we should do, let's all collab and make a video about our white privilege. You know that imagine thing yeah yep from our perspective, everybody clowned on them, but I'm pretty sure in like norm, a Facebook world that was a hit yeah really I mean, like you said, I mean. Why would they do something like that again? If it was all negative reaction, I thought see that yeah when you're, not on Facebook, you kind of man I know, there's two types of people in the world: people on Facebook and people not disdain age, Twitter I'm on Twitter. Unfortunately, Twitter is just a place that come feel bad I've been I've, been feeling really bad. Since all this happened, I had to part you've been on your phone like and every minute that I see you. Basically, you know there's a lot going on. You have to you're on your. How could you even criticize always on your phone? Well, if I am it's like work, I'm talking to me to do an important, [, __ ]? What do you think I'm doing Twitter Twitter's part of my work, changing the world baby every tweet, every time, I, retweet police brutality, I changed the world. Don't you understand the importance of my work? I also donated $10,000, just so everybody doesn't clown on me. We thank you. You're right I should have said we I, don't know why I said I well, I was the what I was the one taking heat for making this? Were you trying to donation? Shame either yeah no I was trying to not give her any credit different, that's a different activation, but we donated thank you. Yes, we did I do do that sometimes ela and I should say we instead of I, it's just rude Ethan. Where are your manners? Parents, my parents? They obviously didn't. Teach me any quick aside. Are you wearing the necklace from Titanic? Yes, okay? That too, is it actually like a replica of that yeah, that's sick? What's it called the heart of the ocean? Thanks no and how much was that was it 100 million no 75? Was it expensive, my necklace yeah expensive, but not like real stones or any things? No, no, not expensive, like that? Okay, so anyway, here's the celebs are back. We regret to inform you. The subs are back at it again. Here we go now I. Every time I hear black people talking about they're in Kreuzberg, again, I look I'm a white dude, so Who am I to to lecture them, but they always say don't apologize for white for all this [ __ ], just [ __ ], donate and help. You know we don't want your crocodile tears. Why is this black and white, which is embarrassing? It's just it's just so corny, but here we go. Let's watch I take responsibility. I take responsibility, I'm. What that's right, Oh am I gonna, get claim for this sad-ass music. Do we know I, don't know what is I take responsibility org by the way to them they will website. Let's just dispute it if it claiming responsibility. I take responsibility for being: oh, my god. For every time it was easier than to call it out for what it was every, not so funny joke every unfair stereotype, every blatant injustice, no matter how big or small every time I remain silent. Every time I explained away police brutality or turned a blind eye. I take responsibility. Black people are being slaughtered in the streets killed in their own homes. These are Lauder distance, I, thought people say like it's kind of salah dirt in the streets, Rollo's and sisters, our friends, our family, we are done watching them die. We are no longer bystanders. We will not be idle enough is enough. I will no longer allow and unchecked a moment. I will no longer allow racist hurtful words, jokes stereotypes, no matter how big or small the minute implication is that they've been doing that allowing racist, jokes and stuff they understand. Take responsibility. Dot-Org coming from and I think that at least they're trying to do something. Nice, okay, I, feel that and why I think they're saying it like that, because so they're speaking for all white phial, didn't really understand what was happening. They speak are all white people I, take responsibilities for white people that come sign up and pledge to never let another racist joke slide. Listen I will not turn a blind eye going for a jog should not be a death sentence. Sleeping in your own home should not be a death sentence. Playing video games with your nephew should not be a death sentence. Shopping in a store should not be a death sentence. Business as usual should not be life threatening I, stand against hate, I stand against hate, I stand against hate, I stand against hate, I will stand against you. I do I will make my presence known and killer cops must be prosecuted. They are murderers. We can turn the tide. It is time to take responsibility, call out hate, step up and take action. So I heard I heard I saw some black people saying it's like the white Savior thing or it's like all the white people come in and then they save the day. But it's like a black people's movement. You should let them take the lead. Why is this so cringy? Can you unpack this I? Think it's a black and white, the music and some of them try to talk like do dramatic, acting yeah they're delivering a line like some of them talked like themselves, and the people were okay, but it's the ones I'm like people are me: the streets, Matthew McConaughey, yes, Aaron Paul in particular, was auditioning chill, but, worse, imagine by gal, gadot or dis. How do they Calvados is worse why's, this one I mean their intentions is good. Obviously, it's just a little corny. The guy adult one was just a weird crazy that one was just bizarre. That one was just me wrong feels a bit that it's a bit odd, that they didn't say racism at any point, then, why didn't they just talked about hate talk about hate exactly that way. It's like I guess those are somewhat interchangeable, but is he in here by the way did he arrive? He is yes actually Ian. How are you my on yes, hello, I'm doing as good as I could Ian slept, walked and kicked the wall or some [ __ ]? What happened you uh yeah I, have a sleepwalking problem and normally it's pretty pretty relaxed, I wake up with pants on that I didn't fall, asleep wearing or I like I'm hugging, my bookshelf or something, oh, my god, that's normal, but it went to another level. Last night and I punched a hole in the wall and I fractured my foot, Wow how's your hand. It's all right, I mean it's all bandaged up right. Now: it's okay I! Luckily, I didn't hit a stud in the wall, so you slammed through the white, the drywall, that's pretty impressive yeah! You know I had to flex on them a little bit. Did that wake you up just and then you're like what yeah yeah I was around that time, usually I. It's because I have these really vivid dreams and then I feel compelled to act them out and and especially if they are very intense or scary. So do you remember what you are dreaming? Yeah I was dreaming that that the the ceiling was like slowly lowering and I was gonna die. I was gonna like wish me like in Episode four of star wars. When they're in the trash chute and so in my in my sleepwalking brain, if I didn't, try and get out of there, I something would have been I would have been squashed. So I punched a hole in the wall and did you wait? Do you know if you woke up after punching the wall or did the dream continue? How does that work? Do you wake up when you all right, yeah I didn't really realize what was happening at first, but then I remember going to the window and looking out and thence I I expected to see the roof lowering and like the the sky disappearing and then once I realized, wait. Nothing's happening I kind of had a realization that that I was fine and that's usually what happens. Is I'm aware that I'm doing these things but I'm not in my room, I, see a whole other place and then slowly it shifts to where I actually am Jesus yeah. That sounds dangerous. What if you jumped out the [ __ ] window yeah? That's weird me because I currently live on a third floor and there's been two instances where I've gone to sleep with my balcony door closed and then woken up and it was wide open. How often does this happen? Steel? Maybe what I mean times that I'm aware where I'm actually waking up and realizing that's happening, maybe once or twice a month? Maybe oh but wood like how often it's like when you wake up and the doors are open. So it's happening you're, not even aware of it. That's that's very rare. That's happened. Maybe twice in life. So that's more rare. It's usually I'm very contained in my bedroom when this happens and then I snap out of it fairly quickly and your girlfriend was there right. She was there last night yeah. What was her reaction? I mean she thought. I was gonna like go [ __, ], The, Shining, god girl. She was. She was terrified, understandably yeah, so tell wait. Tell me what happened when you when you kind of snapped out of it. What was the conversation like? Well, she was trying to calm me down, but then I think nor normally, when I do this. It's so kind of low-key in kind of goofy. I actually did it two nights ago, and she said she woke up and I was looking around the room, kind of picking things up and she was like what are you doing and I was like? Don't you hear the animals? Don't you hear about the don't you hear they're animals in here she's like just come back to bed. It's finally and I got I like got closed. I like squatted down I was like animals are in here and she was like just go to sleep. It's fine and then I did and we laughed about it. This one was a lot more intense, so in my mind as well, because she was talking to me- she was in my dream, where I could feel her distress and I. Think that pushed me even more because I was like oh we're. Both gonna get washed by this thing. I need to get us out of here, hmm and yeah, so I I went to Urgent Care this morning and they're connecting me with the sleep sleep specialist to finally kind of figure out. What's going on I wonder what do you have to do because, like what you have to strap yourself when you sleep, I mean there? Do you know like Mike Birbiglia, the comedian? Have you heard of him? I, don't know what he's a stand-up comic but anyways he had he had. He has really bad sleepwalking to where he threw himself out of a second-story window at like a Hilton once he just smashed through the glass and woke up on the lawn, and they had to take him to the hospital he he has to go to sleep in a sleeping bag and his wife zips him up and he puts on oven, mitts holy [, __, ] I'm, hoping that that's not the case with me. Oh [, __ ]! Well, your girlfriend at least hey. She got she got a trial by fire up here. I mean she's ready for anything. Now right, yeah I mean she was so supportive. She was, she was really incredible. She's been you know, helping me all this morning, because I had to go the doctor and just just being incredible in every sense, so she's been great good job there well well. Well, I look forward to I look forward to pictures of you strapped in a suitcase with mom with men's yeah. You need a sleeping sack. It's like you do that with babies. What if it's too hot? Can you get a sec that look? What are you doing? The summer we got to get a summer sack like a breathable mesh mesh sack amen. We gotta get a mess. Oh you got to get a sack for every season. No, but I look forward to you getting treatment for that. That sounds really scary, so yeah yeah, but you know it's a it- could have been worse. So I'm scared about you jumping out of window, though I don't want that to happen. Well, like I said well, you know I'm moving in two weeks and I'm not gonna, be up that you'll be on the ground floor. Yes, so you can jump out the window that just wait. Two weeks yeah it'll be for the next two weeks. You know it apparently is like a family thing. My dad was a kid. Would uh I, don't think it actually I don't know, but it would happen to him - when he was a kid where he would wake up in a neighbor's shed like five. Oh, that's, [ __, ] crazy. He would go walk around the neighborhood. Oh you know, I had a friend in college who had something similar and I did not I didn't really understand what it was, but I think it sounds like something similar to you and I. Remember one day he we were drinking and he woke up and started peeing on. He was in college, so he had roommates. They were in a small room, two beds and he started peeing on his roommates bed. Well, the other dude was in it [ __ ], damn yeah I can use that now mark my territory and go oh I was sleepwalking okay. What's about Wow? Well, we wish you well. Thank you yeah. It's all good! My foot hurts, but it's fine. It's it's not too bad. Well, it's good I mean in a way it's really a compliment to Sam that you were trying so desperately to save her life. You punched him hole in the wall. That's awesome, I was trying so hard. I I beat myself up. I fought the wall and lost I fought the wall in the wall won yeah I also heard something about you in. You were out cleaning up garbage after uh. The writing is that right, yeah I mean I. Don't want to cut myself on the back or anything I. Do that's a great thing you did. How does that work? Is that organized or you just show up a start? Cleaning [ __ ] up no I, just just Sam and I cruised over there cuz and no one really cared cuz. It was just so chaotic over there. You know right right near where I live. That neighborhood was was hit pretty hard, I. Think like the second night, so we a lot of people are just showing up with stuff trash bags and window cleaners and there's some good people out there. Yeah that's right, I, wouldn't even think to do that. It's just like good ass. That's just like a good ass thing to do good job. Again, that's a really nice thing to do. Thank you and everybody just drove out there. I was like I'm gonna help clean up a lot of good people out there yeah. That's really, there's really good people in the world. I wish I was one of them, but you contributed you. You did your thing. Speaking of good people, we've got Jake Paul, who was spotted among the looters in an Arizona mall. Of course he was I've got videos here, let's see here, he is spotted during a looting someone else's in stories there you can see they're outside a PF, Changs mob, then I guess they stole from the restaurant there. So people are saying he did yeah yeah yeah they're doing or why I feel like he's inside the mall breaking [, __, ] and Jake. Is there cuz? Why not? You know, of course, here he is standing next to someone firing fireworks at the mall. Let's see he was number one. Trending people were hating on him, so bad they're trying to light them all on fire with fireworks. Okay and finally, let's see here here, he is calling the cops, [, __, ] idiot I'm, trying to get the whole perspective here before I make a judgment call [, __, ] idiot walked right here. I walked right up to them. These [ __ ] idiots teargas me I'm doing [ __ ] bro. Looking on pointing guns on me, pointing guns at me, right now swear to god, no cat, that's teargas bro, [, __ ]. You guys recipes George, bored, [, __, ], y'all, okay, so he was getting slammed and he actually got charred. Would he get charged for just trespassing, I think criminal, trespassing cuz? He was in the mall and he released a video about it. Here we go I'm not reading. That's too much text, here's what he says about the vodka bottle, which is apparently the thing exploding. Someone comes up to me, while I'm filming just hands me something. I didn't even know what it was at the time to later find out that someone handed me a bottle of vodka. For what reason I don't know seconds later, I set the bottle on the ground. Still not even know. I would actually have to I have to say. I totally believed that Jake Paul was not looting, right, I. Think in his mind, he's there he's a vlogger. He just wants to capture. What's going on that, I totally get and I I I'm sure that he wasn't out there looting. The part about this story that I find hilarious is that in that Paula G video you just saw which I'll reopen he links a fundraiser brings things on the side which you'll see is was organized by this guy that [ __, ], Asian and I. Don't think we're allowed to say [, __, ] anymore. Is that right, uh? Well, it's his name. You think his name is [ __, ], Asian, I'm kidding it's raised, $43,000, okay- and he put this fundraiser here, but what's funny is that Jake Paul didn't actually make that fundraiser. Here we go. So this is the guy who made that fundraiser and here's his response to Jake Paul I. Want you guys to imagine something real, quick, okay, imagine make a video about black lives matter and you put a fundraiser and it raises around 32,000 dollars within the first three days now. Imagine Jake Paul makes a video three days later and puts your fundraiser. That's me the organizer, and then you go to Jake Paul's Twitter, and you see that he's taken all the crap. So there's that this person says Jake has raised thirty two thousand dollars in 20 minutes and he says with y'all's help Lowell and then you've got people saying I, love you so much for doing this. I don't know how does Jake keep [ __ ] up, it's like. Why would you use someone else's fundraiser and then take all the credit? You know you didn't raise $30,000 in 20 minutes. Oh really, just like not even stopping to think for a second like what that has to be the only explanation honestly, but why did you link this guy's fundraiser to begin with I think, probably here's the tweet with y'all's help. He didn't raise any of that money. Dude uh, it's awesome. Why would he do it? Who knows probably just carelessness, easier, lazy, easy lazy, add it up yeah exactly he doesn't have to do anything. Gotta say lately. Logan is showing a lot of character and growth, saying some good things. On the other hand, Jake is just like Jake is honestly just the family reject I think like, and it wasn't even a fundraising video- and you know he just put it on the side for good optics. I think it is a certain point. When is he gonna start to understand the consequences of the things he's doing? This is a slowdown you know, even if you're, not looting yourself. Why are you hanging out again around people or looting showing it to your followers? Maybe think that it's not a good idea, and actually he wasn't really filming. He was just kind of just hanging out there. You have it so dick Poe was it a lot of [ __ ] I have to say a hundred percent I. Don't think he was looting, but I do find it hilarious. The fundraiser scheme yeah. It's just stupid man. We've got a lot to talk about today. How long we been going there's another phenomenon going on in our country regarding the corona virus, people refusing to wear masks. I've read a report that if people actually wore masks when the outside, we could reduce the transmission of the virus to one which means one person on average infects one other person which would basically stop it from exponentially spreading completely. But people again, I, don't know how this became a political issue, but people are straight up, refusing to wear, masks and there's a Karen invasion. If you guys probably know about the Karen invasion, I mean this is a this up. Karen strikes again: cuz I got a whole Twitter account dedicated to this, but I think this needs to be a presidential platform about what are we can do about all these Karen's? Here's a Karen outside a Gelson's shopping, grocery store, who is refusing to wear a mask and making it the world's problem? Wait the music yeah, there's Michael Jackson in the background, but we can't I can't hear the video yeah I mean there's no point. If you're pulling out the audio I think it stops at this point, stop it! Oh here, go ahead, lift it how's that helping when you're gonna do shopping. For me, I'm gonna give you my bank information. How do I do? How do I do the transaction go away? Michael knows at the time policies which state that they will shop for me. Take mine, my money that sounds great like a fantastic service. I know it she's bitching because they won't let it so. That's a private property still going on about how my rights are being violated. [, __, ], it's girl sins, but they're, offering this job for you. That's awesome: love at IU cream, there's more I work for Costco and I'm asking this member to put on a mask, because that is our company policy. So either wear the mask and I'm not doing exciting every classroom winner man, that's the type of dude right. There boy listen to him. He goes because I woke up in a free country. It's Costco its Costco there's a pandemic going on. If you're down here it's their private business, they can tell you they could keep you from coming in just because they don't like the way that you look actually I. Don't think that's discriminatory, but they could definitely stop you from not wearing a mask. You know you can't go in a store. If you're going to store, not wearing a shirt, they can ask you to leave no shoes, no shirt, no service. You know the slogan done. Oh you don't know that I! Guess it's a beach thing! You can't Cruise in the stores. They say. If you come in without a shirt we will remove you mm-hmm, so homie you're, not gonna. Go could think that you have a constitutional right to cruise around Costco shirtless right. You know yes, so you're gonna take this car for me. I have a cooler star, I'll, give you my card. He's gonna, take the card away: - yeah! You just got [ __ ] own get boiler paper in there, - yeah the gold mine nope. Not today, [ __, ] love it. This one is uploaded by a channel put on a mask. This one is uploaded by a channel called First Amendment defenders. By the way, when you wear a mask, you are protecting other people. When you go into a public space and don't wear a mask, you are saying I, don't give a [ __ ] about all you other people. Yes, people are wearing masks to protect you, that's how it works and you are not extending that same courtesy. I cannot enter the store without a much longer Walmart if I, if I, have a medical condition that prevents me from wearing a mask like you. What is all this like hypotheticals? What medical condition prohibits someone from wearing a mask? Is that even a thing I? Don't think it is a thing actually, because I keep seeing that coming up and people are saying that is not even a thing yeah. What would what private I mean sick people where I'm? Actually, if you do have a medical condition, then you should wear the man. You should be what you really shouldn't get coving yeah I, can't think of a medical addition. We're like sorry I need to make sure I don't breathe in viruses. Mike medical condition wants me to breathe in deadly viruses, medical condition that prevents tomorrow addition yeah, don't a stupidity yeah. What law does that refer to only just to rats the employees? It's like dude I'm, not I'd, have nothing to do with this bro. My job is to prevent idiots like you from entering the store I'm asking you what you're the one telling me that I'm not theirs. There is just a ton of people in the world who are this dumb? You need to learn the laws. It's imagine my well I can't go in there. Then sup guy, look at the scene of a medical condition. I can't wear Matt. What is that medical condition? Sir? Just you can't to be uncomfortable for I, can't be uncomfortable. My skin is sensitive. Okay, so you're gonna spread Kove it to everybody in Walmart, fantastic. There you go. You think you have the right to ask me that when you own a new I'm, a right to ask me that I get I love this, you don't have a right to ask me that, but I have a right to go in your store without a mask. Do you think if I have a disability, you have any right to talk to me about the California state law? It's not I want to see this guy's reflection, I wanna know if he looked like 70 minutes this. You guys yeah these poor mothers and it keeps going I'll. Tell you what there's there's a lot of this stuff. There settled upon male equivalent of Karen, yeah I, think they're called Chad Chad Chad surgeon, I heard somebody I saw some yeah you're right. Chad is the Alpha right? Well, what can it be? The same guy like Chad I, feel like whining about a mask. You know it doesn't seem like a very alpha move to me: a Ralph Ralph I, just googled it it's Kevin or a Todd Oh Kevin, oh poor Todd, that's your brother's name! It's my dad's name! Oh yeah, your dad's, my dad's middle name is Kevin -. Does your dad wear a mask Zach? Yes, he does he's a Todd Anna Kevin hey. What was your brother's name I? Remember we were Jeff Jarrett produce enough names in your family. I know I'm the only good one. So this is a Karen. So what is it Todd or Kevin? Todd er I mean it's. This reddit thread. What do you think which one I like both of those yeah actually like God, sighs I, like apologies to your, that your father on that? So with this, this is my favorite she's, going full Karen over not wearing a mask so and also bringing black lives matter into it as well. Good guy at Karen. Take the mic. Come on sweater refresh the page where the world is yours, truly all right, so mid market basket and they tell me I need a mask, but we're in a free country and I'm not wearing a mask, because it's a private, proper you, dumb, dumb idiot, stupid broad. You have no constitutional right to go inside a private property, medical issues that I can't wear a mask. I refuse to put a mask wine I'm in a free country, I refused to put a mask on I'm a freak out. You have a medical condition, don't go there stay at home. There is a no Mac there's, no medical condition that prevents you from wearing a mask. None if you're that sick, you should be in a hospital I'm healthy. Make up your mind. Garrard. Are you healthier? Do you have a medical condition, just throwing everything at the wall? Man? This woman is not used to being cold, no, not to wear a mask. I have civil liberty rights she's, making it some weird race issue like she's, doing everything at the wall no goddamn mask I'm, not the manager. Americans need to speak up. What do you think about it? This is tyranny. This is. This is fascism wearing a master in a pant dammit. This is outrageous. This is white privilege when she's so outraged when requested aware a mass during a pandemic and she's the victim right. She, this is our. This is the most outrageous ever encountered in her life as a white female. This is the civil right. This is our civil rights movement, whose protection urge is sick and you feel comfortable wearing a mask you should we it's okay, good job, be careful for your freedom, that's being taken away for you, because you have it for your standing them. It's okay to be uncomfortable for one hour. Why freedom? It's really not the end of the world. This is definitely the Karen apocalypse. This is the ultimate Karen video black lives. Me Adam. You have a black live. Lunada protests all lives matter. Why'd, you get all races about it. Just black lives, very healthy I get the cult. You gets like it's like a cult allottee, but I'm standing here, wait for the manager and I, don't care hi guys, because this is a real fight because they're taken away yes for a woman, she actually thinks she's, having like a civil liberties battle right now, she's Rosa Parks of the Rev, the new world, but this is the disinformation that goes on like all, so what does it mean? I'm healthy? You could have it and not know nobody. She said it to people for two weeks. She says it's just a common cold. She said that that's what she thinks so she's smarter than everybody. Do you understand that if she got it, it's just a common cold, but she also has pre-existing conditions apparently. So for someone like her, it will not be just like a common cold she's like I'm lying about that obvious I'm lying about our amendment rights. They have taken away a tremendous I. Don't wait in line to come into short and amass like this I'm healthy I want the manager want the store manager, yeah, yeah I'm really upset because I love that it's not your fault, you're doing it you, this young man, has to do his job, but I feel is about healthy I. Do not know why Karen! You could disagree with me, but you know what people died in nursing homes in my family, because you could see them no funerals, but they haven't a funeral for the black guy, that's okay! Some people did die nice man, but my ass, like me, I did too and all the people that I know that was parents. These lives mattered, but those are just a common flaw huh. So her family members who died of Kovac didn't create a few. No, but George Floyd got a funeral hmm twisted world, but why was George Floyd allowed to have a funeral, but not her family members, I'm serious Oh I mean why was her? Why was George Floyd allowed to have a public funeral and not her family members? She raises a good point. Actually, what's the point there weren't a lot of common Colvard still around George Floyd had covered I'm, just sorry I'm trying to understand. Why is that a bad point I mean assuming she's, not making it up, which is highly likely if she had a family member that died in the midst of the lockdown from kovin. That's a very there's, a completely different set of circumstances and timeline. Okay, let's cut this yeah cut that I just generally curious, that's okay, Maddy, but my ass. Like me attitude and all the people that I know most parents fear we just don't I wasn't yeah it's okay, we're gonna, cut that yeah. You can cut it yeah that [ __ ] hell. It's hot as a mother, we should just wrap it up after this. No, yes, five and just that's it. No Kim team names man, so home [Music], [, __ ]. You ready damn yeah, okay, I'm gonna proceed; okay, so that is the Karen apocalypse and then there's actually one other good one. Here, the Orange County Council meeting, which is phenomenal. Frankly, a bunch of people stormed City, Council and Orange County asks how disgusting how shameful to protest. Today they have in in the greater LA area in California a lot of places. They say that if you're in public, you have to wear a mask, they've mandated it. So these people are here to protest this outrageous outrageous violation, breathing freely building your immune systems without masks how disgusting, how shameful, how criminal? How corrupt this is a this is a hoax. It's a fraud, there's nobody dying in excess of any other year in the last few. Are you aware of that? Stop listening to absolute charlatan doctors like this dr. Chow, who I wouldn't go your time is up. Thank you. Dr. Chow hammer on her hundred people showed up to [ __ ] out the board to speak out against masks where I have to breathe in co2. When God gave this body the ability to extract that from my body, and now you want me to put it back in so that's crazy. I never heard that. So they say that by wearing a mask there rebreathing co2 and in violation of God, of course, somehow they don't think they're breathing fresh air because they're wearing a mask wow, that's crazy! I mean you can't that's just that doesn't make any sense. I mean you can't live on co2. You will get lightheaded. You would eventually pass out people wear these masks all day. Every day doctors wear them for 15 hours straight they're, not passing out and dying. You get your breathing the same air, lady you're, not you're, not in there at home, then no wear a mask. You know this is all Facebook. This is fate. Facebook was responsible for this I swear to God Facebook didn't exist. This would not be happening only on Facebook and people get together and agree that wearing mask results in you breathing an increased amount of co2. My body I have natural rights as a sovereign citizen of a thank you, it's your timing. So it's a rumor kneeling on the necks of the people. All you are continuing making people wear masks to the police kneeling at George, Floyd, oh by the way and I love how there's no relation to the two incidents: they're, just hijacking, yeah, brutal, losing a metaphor. You know yeah I know but it'll work, yeah, I, understand, but they're using this unrelated police brutality, yeah yeah, to try to make their point about see wearing masks during a pandemic. Okay, that's this is a caring collective. This is like the board of Karen's. Was that Rick and Morty thing with all the Rick's the Rick consortium? What do they call it? Nobody Wow sure? Yes, Wow! Is there the Council of Rick? Yes, the Council of Rick, the Council of Karen? Thank you. This is the she imposed the mandatory mask order. God bless her soul. She resigned after receiving death threats. He's the new chief health officer go ahead and, with the sound from sight, I begin with the question: are you smarter than a 5th grader I? Remember teaching my own 5th graders about the respiratory system. These 10 year olds understood the most basic important element needed by the human body is oxygen. So I asked you why, in the name of science and health, would you require people, especially children, to wear a mask only to rebreathe the waste product? The body wants to get rid of. Can you point to one person that hasn't that died from? Why are you talking about guys a teacher yeah, surprise name, the one person on the whole earth that has dropped dead from not getting oxygen because they're wearing a mask making our children wear Mouse is contrary to the medical experts and it's fundamental. They need to be exposed to bacteria in the air playing on jungle. Gyms kids need sunlight exercise. Interaction asks if you deny them now. At 20 years, you're gonna have a population of MU immunosuppressed, antisocial adults, who can only interact by a zoom in face time and need gloves to shake your hand very light. It is a pandemic. It's just one year ideal. They can't deal with this. It's not fun. Just one [ __ ] year we asked you to wear a mask and be responsible. This is Facebook discriminated five times in the last two days. I have been actually turned away, not going these businesses without a mask, although I have a health condition where a maza be back on the field, not in two weeks now, as you can see, Taylor's got a soccer uniform on and we're still not playing soccer like really like. You know, I mean. Are we still talking about this like it's over? You know this lockdown I mean you're looking at none of it, mark my words that lady's good it's over based on what that you're, tired of being yes, how are we we are so doomed kovat is coming back. We are just gonna, be I'm, telling you dude when the fall starts coming and the weather starts calling. We are gonna be decimated. This is gonna, be a nightmare. Kovat is going to ravage this country, new zealand, by the way that of a single coating, their back and loving life same thing with China for the most part, but here in America land, to the Freak free to be ignorant is a there's just so much disinformation. We are gonna, be coveted out of our minds covet Marty, the president is not wearing a mask. So why do you think the president doesn't wear a mask? I? Think it's because of the spray tan rubs off his face, but people say he likes to politicize them. Well, anyway, he's gonna start having rallies soon and he's not. Gonna require people to wear, masks or social distance. That's gonna be [, __, ] fantastic! You see that to go, though you have to sign a yeah memorandum yeah. So if you go to a trump rally, you have to sign this agreement registering below you acknowledge that an inherent risk of exposure cover 19 exists by attending the rally you and any guests will entirely assume all risks and agree not to old, Donald J Trump. For president incorporated or any of their affiliates director office, employees, agents, yada, yada yada, liable for any illness or injury supporters square the circle I don't get it like. They think it's [, __ ]. They think it's a hoax. They think it's not that dangerous, but then they're going to a rally and they have to agree not to sue and the chance that they get it well, they just they say. Well, it's just a legal thing. What good dude these these rallies, because first of all, people like to compare it to the protests. The protests are outdoors, I have to say a lot of the protests. I've seen them wearing masks and being very responsible with the mask wearing mask wearing, helps a lot being outdoors. The virus is, is the cut down on transmission? Is is cut down a lot when you're outdoors, it's mostly spread indoors in close proximity without masks. That's the happy place for this virus to spread I understand a lot of people say well, the protests are out there during a pandemic and you're not giving them [ __ ]. Well, frankly, look what are they protesting? They have to now's the time. What can you do? You know they didn't choose to depict it down there. Didn't you think they I think a lot of people would rather not be there during the pandemic, I mean they're going while risking their lives to. I think there'd be a lot more people there. If there wasn't a pandemic mmm, yes, but that being said, they are being very responsible and it's outdoors Trump's rallies are going to be indoors populated by people that don't believe this is a real issue not requiring people to wear, masks or social distance. These are gonna, be super, spreading events that are gonna I'm, just do it. It's gonna be [, __, ], epic, the whole world is gonna, be recovered from kovat and the United States is going to be devastated. This pandemic alone may unseat us from our place of power in the world forever forever. This is our undoing. That's my prediction. We will be so devastated. Unemployment numbers on stock market crashing deaths, [, __ ], it's just we are losing it. We are losing it I mean meanwhile China's back to work. You know! Percent data- and you know I- go to a resort, nobody's wearing a mask. Then I come here, everybody's wearing a mask, I hope nobody. Thank you. You time it said he went and fought where yeah, where did you fight? Okay, let's bring your old dad out here in his fight was for your freedom, my freedom here today, I, don't know he fought for your right to not wear a mask and guess it's dammit as our robots or what not. So please stop imposing Chinese communism tactic. This is America these we need our essential bread, I. Think she's trended, chime into like essential services. I need my essential breath. Please join you on must on his trip to Mars and let us vote for our breath. Please let us breath from what do you? How do you even argue with that level of stupidity? You know it's crazy. Ps5 was announced. Y'all ps5, the world is hyped. The memes have started the porn. I have to say the way it looks is not that impressive I, don't like it I, don't like the asymmetrical CD. Why is there even CD slot? It looks to me like, if someone rendered like 10 years ago, what a ps5 would look like in 2020, that's funny because it was probably developed, was exactly idem years ago. That's what it looks like dude. Why is there a CD drive seriously just I think like let's get over that? Well, there's there's two versions: oh the deluxe edition doesn't have the CD drive, no digital edition. Oh I can get it with or without the CD Drive yeah I'm skipping this [ __ ]. Some people have you live in a place with shitty internet. You still need to buy the hard disk because it's downloading a giant game takes forever. What is this? That's the cube. This isn't a real thing. Is it yes, Xbox! That's next book, oh I thought that was a mean. This is really what it looks like yes, yeah I like this one, better I came by like away, but it's way better it in a way. It's a lot more modern than that, or this is way better. What do I need this for I'm, all about that Xbox cube, yes, I mean sure, but I'm down the way. What do we see here? These are memes Oh free, yeah I tried that fridge I would not buy the PlayStation water cooler. Oh it's an espresso kind of thing. Let's see: PS 5 first Xbox series, x-man xbox needs to name their [ __ ], better I'm, just like there's like just slightly off with their design and branding, and everything like that cube is almost there. They could make it. They could take that same cube, but make it look a lot more slick. Just called the Xbox cube. Then I'm in Xbox, Series, X, Y I, don't know they are out of control and then the act, the X. The latest Xbox was what was it called Xbox one yeah xbox one Xbox Xbox 360 Xbox one and now Xbox really sucks I hate them. I might buy PS 5, just because I hate the name of the Xbox. So much fridge vs. router, that's true. The PS 5 is the eye of Mordor. I. Just heard that all the PS 5 a whole long was just a fan: oh I get that way what I really don't get. How did you get this manual? Thank you. Thank you. I have uh something to say about that meme. Actually, it was posted to our subreddit yeah last night, when I woke up this morning, I went on our sub just to check it out and that meme had about I, don't know 900 up votes or something and about 50 reports, and then I went into the comments, and every comment was like what the [ __ ] is this. This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen. This isn't funny this [ __ ] sucks, really is extremely divisive. Really the most divisive post I have ever seen. Why is it really console war [ __ ] like because you have like fanboys, who are actually like I'm, Pro, PlayStation and I'm Pro Xbox, which you think Wow? If you think, while people are so divisive, if people can really get hostile and divided over that, then we are truly [ __ ] as a if I could write a meme and I'm really not the person to do it, but I really thought this. One was funny. Yeah I'll officially give my stamp. Oh, maybe I, call undeleted, then, although I do not understand the relation to h3, although we make fun we made, allow it wait, would you remove the den well again it was. It was causing like a meltdown ever seen a post with this many repair. Does that mean don't get it a villain from DBZ I have to say that to both companies that they could do so much better with the design. I? Really don't get it. What's the problem, what's so hard to design a cool located Oh what the [ __ ] people been up all night with this [ __ ] yeah, you know who did really well then intend to switch yes, which they've Nintendo always does it man, they always get it right. You know, actually that's not true the breed boy. What was the one before the switch, the Wii U Wii, U yeah I, think their big mistake was branding it as a Wii. You got to move on and the Wii U yeah yeah. So how much is the playstation 5 they announced? Oh give a prize. Oh wow, it's gonna be bad. I bet you'll, be like a thousand bucks. No, no way. It says here. Sony hasn't confirmed the price yet, but analysts predict it will be 500. That's how much the last one was. That seems. Fine I'm surprised that Xbox didn't go more like the GameCube style GameCube. That's a callback! Thank you! You yeah! Oh you mean the noon here. I, don't know what do you know about GameCube this fuel yeah this this looks epic. The Gamecube was awesome. This still looks better than both of those that just came did the game. It was like the best console. Look man, one of the best I never had it I'm just talking from make the cube just talking about a design right perspective. So anyway, it's been so long. Since a new console came out, I'm ready, I want it. I want it, I need it and then the thing is like I have a really old, PlayStation 4, because then they they upgrade it with like the PlayStation 4 X or the PlayStation 4 X plus extreme. The places you're for 4k X, double D, black comm and I'm, like I, don't want to buy any of these new consoles just so it goes faster. I want the new console. I don't want to buy three of the same console. You know what I'm saying anyone feel me out: there mmm-hmm I don't buy consoles because I'm, not a pleb I, don't play video games. I, don't play video games, yeah back me up, but I wouldn't buy it. If it look cooler, I, probably good yeah, you would buy the Xbox three acts: seven! No, not the PlayStation boy get the router the neck here, Sony here, Wi-Fi, extender yeah and for our final story. I have to talk about. We have not talked yet talked about on the podcast, the keemstar beef drama that took place over the past month. How long ago was that first video come out holy [, __ ]. Let me see keemstar content, nuke Wow. When did this released May 19th, it's almost been a month. Wow, that's crazy I mean the video where you threatened his life with a nuclear, exactly yeah cuz. We all got nukes in our house. Don't [ __ ] with me: I'll drop, a nuke read on you, boy guard [, __, ], oh by the way so I haven't talked about it, but now's the time, because there's been a lot of developments. Now, let me let me preface this part by saying for the last three years, I have tried my best to just take what everybody's been saying: try to parse out the reasonable stuff and dismiss the unreasonable stuff and take the criticism the best way that I can and just ignore the rest I mean for anyone. That's been paying attention. There's always been a huge influx of videos. Critical about me I think in part, because people are either disappointed that my views I, think a lot of it stems from either people who disagree with me politically. Who sees me as someone who's, not what they thought. I was people who miss our old videos and people who just generally think I'm a hypocrite and don't come whatever yeah, oh yeah, and that that's fine and then and then part I, do think that there's been like a whole economy of h3 videos. So a lot of people are trying to cash in on that as well, and it's all fine I mean hey I. Do that too? You know what I'm saying we all do that here on YouTube. Do you do to stay afloat and stay relevant on YouTube, so there's nothing wrong with any of those things to do per se, but the stuff that is wrong is when, for example, some ordinary gamer made that whole video about me about donation, shaming, Jeff, Bezos and how I was a hypocrite and I'm like dude this guy. This is this is getting out of control. This guy's the whole premise of his videos, long and he's using it to draw all these conclusions about me that are just horrible. His video was getting was like blowing up it had over a million views. 99%, like people had no problem accepting the fact that I was pretty much just the biggest piece of [ __ ] that ever lived basically, and it's just basically taken for granted at this point. So I saw that video I said man, I, I, I, don't think I could ignore this anymore. I think I need to start correcting the record on some of these things, because for three years, I sat back and I just cried to accept it and I. Let it happen and I was in a bad place frankly, emotionally and and not in a good place to kind of take this stuff on anyway. But I think I've learned that if I as much as I want to can't just let people say whatever they want about me, because it just perpetuates fake [, __, ] and somehow on YouTube or the people who who continue making videos about me. They take my silence as an admission of guilt, and so it's important for me to now when I see people lying about me or distorting things about me to actually come out and correct the record, because it just snowballs out of control and that's how you ended up with this video like go kanaru because I was silent, silent silent everybody has all these crazy conspiracies about what this means. That means that this means and then all of a sudden you've got a video like coca narrows which that thesis is basically that I'm, a terrible human being well as thesis was that I'm, a hypocrite attack can't take criticism, but you get what I'm trying to say so to address the keemstar controversy. There's been a new conspiracy theory being afforded by leafy and keemstar. That I am, let's see, I'll pull up leaf he's. If he's tweet here he just tweets out uh, none unprompted, I, believe h3h3 productions is trying to get my channel deleted. What had to private all my videos just got second channel strike for harassment on my new videos, another strike and my channel gets deleted. He says the videos received strikes where the h3h3 productions went into I'm Alex, one nearly at the same time again, I, don't know if it's a seriously but yeah. That's my current situation. So here you say: I believe you open with that I believe H. How what youtuber has the power to get video channels deleted? I mean the whole premise is weird: I feel like I feel, like I'm, become the George Soros of YouTube, with just a lightning rod for conspiracies that, because I know all goes back of course to uh, but also if it gets removed for harassment. It's just you don't have to report it. It's just YouTube's their own policy being in forest yeah. It doesn't mean that you personally ask them to remove it because of harassment, I think in their minds. They think that I called Susan Wojcicki and said: hey this videos harassing me: can I get some water, it's so hot here ice? Do we have ice-cold water dying? Our AC is broken anyway. I truly think that they just think that Thank You Zack that I have Susan on speed dial, because I took a picture with her once and then, of course, I've never even seen the video he made it, but I, don't know what he's even referencing. What video about me, because he's made several and I said nothing of value, was lost. You know, obviously, when you come at me saying a street she's trying to get my channel deleted like what obligation do. I have to feel sorry for you, I, don't [ __ ] care about I, find it so funny to that leafy Thank, You Zack Lisa leaf. He gives using clips of me going uh I'd love to see him succeed in today's climate, and it only took like a month before his channel is almost removed and I was right exactly what you were talking about course. Cuz, their policies has changed so much you just can't get away with the same [ __ ] you used to and and hello I mean the reason we said it is because we're doing with YouTube all the time with the podcast with everything you have to adjust, there's certain things we could do a while go that we can't do anymore. You can't talk about anything you want. You can't show anything. You want right, you can't you just can't you have to Gerald. It's all I wasn't even saying that to be like rude or to leafy. I was just saying: I, leafy I know what kind of content you make. What kind of content made you famous I'd love to see? If you can do that today and I think the answer was a resounding no, but instead I'm I'm perpetuating a conspiracy to get his channel removed. So let's go down this meme hole, oh by the way. I do want to point out one thing that I thought was hilarious, so leafy who's, tweeting out I believe a street reproduction is trying to get my channel at the same time. He's telling his friends to message me and get his channel reinstated. So do you believe it or not? He says I'm reaching out, because I still talked to leafy his shelves. One strike away from termination and one of the videos is about you. I know for a fact that you personally didn't take it down, but I also know that. Maybe you can help him in a way. If you even want to I said he asked you to reach out, he said: yeah I told him I, don't think you took it down his video and that if he got I told him I, don't think you took down his video and that he got in touch with you. Perhaps you could help him bro I can't help you and I can't remove your video. What can I do for you can't do anything. It was [ __, ] youtuber the same as you, it's weird. Why would you help him while he's like publicly bashing you exactly so crazy? The whole thing like dude, what the [ __ ] people, don't understand. What they're saying anymore you just put out in the world that I am trying to get your channel suspended, but I'm the [ __ ] for saying basically [ __ ] off right, like it's so crazy. How I just can't win in the eyes of some of these people and then all these little commentary channels are scrambling just to prove what an [ __ ] I am, or to prove that it was me because I said nothing of value was lost anyway, which is funny like come on yeah. This is obviously just making a joke. Yeah I don't have to like leafies content, I mean what the [ __ ] and then, of course, I I said, of course, I'll spell it out. I had not because I know that I'm living the conspiracy theory world now I had nothing to do with that. I never reported his videos. It's very bizarre that he thinks I will some godlike power to remove his videos. But no it's not me. Sorry keemstar responds with a picture of me and Susan. That's it! That's all me and Susan. That's the source of the whole conspiracy is that we met with her 20 minutes here at the play by the way, I changed my Twitter banner to commemorate that meeting. I hope you guys enjoy it. This is my new banner on YouTube high-res by the way so anyway, so this is Kent. I think this is Kim stars. Basically, his way of trying to get revenge is to fuel all these crazy conspiracies about me, but know I had nothing to do with that. I mean I, don't even know video he's referring to, and then this is the best part right, Team YouTube tweets out to leafy. If they respond to him, the tweet of him saying I believe HD is trying to get my channel deleted. They say yo. Our policy team confirmed that your videos were removed by mistake. Both of your videos are backup and you should no longer see the strikes on your channel. Thanks for bearing with us so YouTube says it was a mistake on their end, does anybody correct the record or apologize to me? No? Well, they only said that because they got caught. What that he says it in a way that he's just saying, like maybe you know, but he still puts it out there, so it's still, he said I believe H he's trying to get my channel deleted. What's even parsing words about that by the way. What is his evidence? Okay? What is his evidence like really what's his evidence that I'm trying to get his channel deleted? What what is it? What is it? It's crazy people will believe anything about me on YouTube, it's [, __, ], crazy, just blows my mind. So YouTube admits that it was a mistake and then keemstar. This is when keemstar really goes off the rails. He starts tweeting pictures of horses to me tweeting pictures of horses. Yes, so with the horses pictures, this has been an ongoing thing, maybe for like two years or something I, don't know when we first it gets even older than the first wave of like commentary channels that started to hate us. They they liked to make a joke that I look like a horse, yeah I, don't know where it comes from or what but that's the so that's the reference, but I find it funny that keemstar is not doesn't have the balls to say it directly, yeah. Anyone say directly to me, but he's just sending these pictures of a horse. Yeah he's such a petty little [, __ ] like he just he can't accept ya, can't talk about not being able to accept criticism. Bro! You don't own up to anything and you just start tweeting me pictures of what Wars but wait. It gets better. Okay, so you tweets pictures a little horse. Okay, by the way, Irish first responded: I, don't get it because I wanted him to be man enough and explain what it is. But then I was like I want people to actually know what he's doing so, he said obviously, is meant for ela all the edgy kids always say she looks like a horse: okay, either you're beautiful, gorgeous you're, like everybody knows, you're like a queen Cale. Well, obviously, it's fine you're, someone like King story, isn't making fun of how I look. Okay, that's true I mean you can start. I know you're gonna! Listen to this next time, just tweet directly at me and say what you have to say: mmm, it's true I did block him, though so yeah he'll block them. You know it's actually block and I. Just don't want to see this [ __ ] anymore and I was like well yeah go go for it. Man keemstar blocks literally Kim Starr's Twitter, it's his safe space. Like all of his response, everyone responds to his sweets, are just dick writers cuz. He blocks anyone that even descents yeah, like I, have a friend I. Have this friend on on YouTube, who I've recently made his name? Is a star killer, star killer this guy's a this guy, I gotta give a shout-out to star killer, he's the only [ __ ] the road for me on YouTube. He made a whole rebuttal to go kinnaras video like years ago to defend me and say that Goku knows videos are all points were all bad and he this star killer. This guy's a legend he wrote, this is a real rider, died, [, __ ]. So anyway he tweeted something at keep start and he has like a couple hundred followers on Twitter. He got like a couple of likes and keemstar blocked him like just some random. Do it on two so he's in the nitty-gritty, just blocking anybody, so yeah just block him I mean who cares our fault? It's done there. You go congratulations, so he can't tweeted at you. So what should he do if he wants to send more horse pictures? She just say my name and say exactly what he means say this is ela yeah. And what exactly? Does he not like about my face? He's pretending, like he's trying to pretend like it's a dead horse? Meme, that's not a dead horse! No he's not trying to pretend he said that you, like horses, and he heard about a friend, okay, he's, not pretending. So then he keeps going oh yeah I said. Obviously it's meant for ela. He said I'm simply trying to brighten your meet at a French home mutual friend told me like horses yeah. So there you go okay and then a day passes and he keeps tweeted pictures of wars. Is that B he goes. H3 is a bad person. I will attempt to change and what a statement yeah I'll attempt to change him into a good person by tweeting a picture of a horse of him every single day for a year, I hear he likes horses and it makes him feel good if you want to help me reform Ethan into a good person, tweet horses at him. Unfortunately, everybody thought this was the dumbest fight he's trying to create a movement and like yeah harass, you maybe I, said having people some pigs lawyers, nobody [ __ ] day to me, not just you well yeah you. He really started to get people to harass me yeah. Any success fully gotten some - I get a lot of hate since the whole camp starting started, but it's weirdly racist even responded to a black lives here it is yeah I'm tweeting about all these police brutality, and he thinks now is the good times. It's a way to fixer-upper hordes to me. Here's a picture of a reporter. Getting pepper sprayed in the face on provoked and keemstar goes: let's, let's send him a horse now's the good time, epic, it's awesome. It keeps going the court the King star, there's this there's not enough [ __ ] going on in the world, so here's keemstar sending me a horse again on the next day. Here's the top comment: bro cut it out. We know you tried, but he gave you an L I think he eventually stopped just because it was just. It was not well I kind of find it interesting that he stopped around the time that he got punished from uhmm. I didn't put that together! Well, let's see we could here's here's this his last horse. Let's see this was on June 7th, a few extra horses today, cuz I, know you're going through a lot right now have a good day. There's good old, keemstar, basically saying I know you're having a hard time. So let me try to get people to harass you and your wife, more love him good dude. So then the next drama ler comes out and of course he covers the leafy story. Look how look? How desperate he is to try to make this seem like a big deal. Oh, you got exposed big time. Oh yeah, Jay Paul by the way, Jake ball, who was caught riding and me, have you ever seen so animated [Music] he's Channel? Well, we don't know, but he's gonna be that you know I called this [ __ ] guy out for putting out false a fraudulent fake stories and he starts off by saying he tried to take that leafy's Channel. Well, we don't know we don't know oh, but he's been accused of it, but before we get accused of it by who leafy and you and you I, love that it's like he's, but a cute got like multiple personality. Yeah he's reporting on himself he's been accused of it by me. That's a really good strategy for reporting. The news make an accusation on Twitter, and then you can report it as news on dramaalert mm-hmm he's been accused of it. It's awesome, it's that story. First, we've he's like alright I want to just make sure everyone knows. They usually did this and then he talks about Jake Paul looting, and then he comes back to the story here. Let's see, h3h3 uploaded a video titled, my experience with the police and in this video H 3 H 3, goes on to say that, like when he was younger, he got pulled over by the cops. It was a fine experience. He got caught like drinking underage. It was a good experience. All of his experiences with the police throughout his life had been good. He thought police are the good guy, but now he's questioning if it literally was the color of his skin and why he received such good treatment from the cops now I think it was a great message, so they put out there I applaud him for it. You, however, he started losing subs h3h3 tweeted out, first time being happy that I lost subscribers from and by the way, I knew that I was gonna, lose subscribers when I made that video just there's just a certain level of people out there that either don't want to hear it or disagree with the message or think I'm like what did they call it virtue signaling, which is what people call someone nowadays we're just caring about. Anything is virtue signaling, but anyway, I knew people were going on some video. Basically h3h3 is saying that he has some racist fans and they didn't like that. He was speaking out so their unsub. Definitely how whatever it seems to be all the chatter that we're seeing online that it wasn't racist fan, sobbing, it was people calling h3h3 a hypocrite, because the whole basis of this video people were unsub. The second I uploaded that video in mass I love how he's taking something that isn't a story and he's trying to blow it up. But let's see video is that the police are judging people based on their skin color and a clip came out of judging people jogging maybe lost subscribers because of this video. Oh no. What is the video rolling good that was like I was like like these huge black dudes in there all strapped they were all black. There was like 10 I'm, just saying they were every single one. One was black I, don't even if there's eight dudes, all in security and they're, all black I think that's worth noting. I just noticed their suit. They're all wearing suits, they're, all wearing suits ya know they were cement and I mean they were all like. 6 5 y dudes, yeah yeah, that's terrifying. As a six five black dude scary, more than a six five white do know. Is it supposed to mean no it's the height? Maybe that will scare you yeah. So by the way I will I, don't know the context, but I think what I was trying to do is highlight. My I was almost trying to admit my how I racially profile like how I I feel like people do that? Obviously, that came off back I mean yeah, it's bad, but I think I was just trying to own to the fact that I do racially profile. Just because I don't remember this story, yeah I, don't remember what we were talking about, but I can tell that. Well, we were right away aware that that comment was like waste on my reaction. Yeah wasn't cool and you kind of I was trying to bounce off yeah, but yeah I totally agree that it's not it. It was a [ __, ], stupid ignorant thing to say. That being said, that's definitely not why people were Sun subbing, because this do posted on Twitter the biggest hypocrite on the planet way. Now that video continued of Ethan saying the N word multiple times. Obviously, I'm not gonna play that footage in here, but wow wow, wow, wow wow, you know I, don't say a tree a tree or Ethan. He still could have made this video and said the same exact thing he just added in that he was wrong in the past and that he has been racially profiling people in the past, and he shouldn't have done that if you just own that I think you still can make this video. So here this is where it came started. The news man really shines. You see where he's stopped, watching the video where he stopped watching the video, because if you actually watch my [ __ ] video keep star, you pathetic excuse for a newsman. This is the saddest [ __ ] I literally put a whole segment in there talking about how because I've done research as somebody who has not always been on the right side of racial issues, I've said that n-word on my podcast and I thought: I used it in a context that made it okay, I, look back on those clips with just embarrassment and and shame, but sometimes a hypocrite is just a man in the process of changing I mean the guy couldn't even finish the video he's reporting on. He can oh and then keemstar actually got a two-week suspension from youtube from the partner program. It made this really kind of bizarre. All of you, hello, guys. I am making this video to inform you of what Scott was the Underwood 2016 a conscious choice? Definitely because okay I mean Underwood is definitely not someone you want to identify with going on and - I think guys. You know, I have been suspended from the YouTube birthdays, like a murderer for tumors a couple weeks ago, I uploaded re uploaded the gokhan ro documentary on h3h3. This original video was removed off a youtube in 2019 when YouTube uploaded or updated. Excuse me their policy on bullying and harassment. There was a scene in that documentary that was considered simulated violence against the creator, that being h3h3 when I reload it. This documentary - drama ler. We added it out the guns and replace those with toilet plungers and we removed the gun, sound effects and replace those with squeaky noises. I thought by doing that, I was turning this scene into comedy and that I wouldn't be breaking the rules, but I was wrong. Youtube's still seen that as bullying harassment he's also seen it as a scene, letting violence against a creator and that video was taken down. I've never had a strike on my yada-yada, so he's saying that I wasn't you? Basically, he is saying that mm-hmm because later somewhat that's funny, because his messaging is kind of sloppy, because, yes, here in the video he basically says, okay I was not aware of the terms. But now I am aware and I understand what the terms hello, guys I can't control these okay I much better, understand the rules, but to also spread the message out to the community of what the rules are, because, when I uploaded that video I didn't think I was breaking the rules, but that that is how strict YouTube is on the bullying and harassment, guidelines and I understand, where they're coming from they're trying to make the platform better for creators and based on talking to them. I understand that I broke the rules and that I am sorry Chuck. It's funny someone's like. Why are you apology? I won't find that but like? Why? Are you apologizing if you're not sorry? Anyway, some ordinary gamer goes as much as I love, a good conspiracy, theory I, don't believe even has a kill, switch on YouTube and that came started with horrible. Take open your eyes watch what's happening, which is almost like an ironic and ironically weird cue and on conspiracy comment, but apparently he's being serious so for after the video. What's that was that, before or after I was after his apology, video, but but you know what I actually never watched the plunging video, so I was having a conversation with go kanaru on twitter and he told me we'll go watch the video and he sent me the link so that okay, let's see so the video was removed for simulated violence, to see how much of an effort they actually made to cover the gun. Well, I can't no I can't show me being murdered, but I can show the plunger. This is that, once like I mean you can clearly see his holding a gun right, so I'm sure that you like look so YouTube. Clearly just saw this as them. Trying to skirt the guidelines and and and really I'm, not surprised, I mean anyone just watch this scene out understands the context shouldn't be surprised. Look at this he's, obviously holding a gun. Yeah I mean so I'm, not at all surprised that that this video so anyway, I'm not surprised and I'm, not surprised. Youtube was angry there, cuz they're, like look, we removed this video for having an assassination scene and then keep star I'm, really out of spite reuploads. This video and skirts the guidelines in a really kind of bad way. I said: look if you wanted the video to stay up. Why not reshoot that outro scene and use a plunger instead of a gun? It definitely would have stayed up for, like a couple of other people cut out the scene at the end with the gun. There's three minutes at the end, if you cut it out, the video stays up. Everyone who uploaded this video on YouTube and cut out the last three minutes. The video is still up, I mean there's no conspiracy, you guys just [ __ ], like literally you could have just cut out in the last three minutes and that video would still be up on your channel. So that's pretty much my than my thing I just want to address this crazy conspiracy. That's going around and being perpetuated by keep star really I. Guess. I had a way to get back at me that I have a kill, switch on YouTube. A Susan is on speed, dial and I. Remove all videos critical of me on YouTube, even though to this day is still just that one video and if you cut out the last three minutes, it's still up on YouTube mm-hmm, so really there's zero videos that have been removed of me for being critical of me. So obviously I take nope I! Don't want to talk about this [ __ ] I'm over it, everything that I said about Kim started that I wanted to is in those three videos. I made it's out there, but I do feel the need to address these conspiracy theories so that at least I'm on the record explaining its [ __ ], and why is it's both [ __, ], gabbi's and evilly? You do not, for the record resemble a horse. You are a beautiful young, woman and I think you are Gor and by the way I saw a lot of people. This is two horses are majestic, is [ __, ] I would say you are just the right height, no bucket room fire baby for sure top of the line. Good [, __ ]. Everyone was saying how beautiful you are by the way. Even the haters were like to be honest. Eal is beautiful. The kids who were like keemstar fans, it's fine I, don't need anyone to feel bad for me. I just find it so petty yeah, of course, and especially coming from Q star I mean the guys know Brad Pitt. You know. If you want to talk about so could Brad Pitt's any pictures of horses, sure I, don't think yeah Brad Pitt yeah. If you're out there listening Brad, you can send pictures of our steel. Oh good I'll be mad, though I don't rap in flirting with you, horses are not right. Yeah, you should be men. If Brad Pitt is messaging, you better block, Brad Pitt buck, you start block it I, don't like where this is going. Well, that's about our show. We did. We've talked about it. All we've done it all. We've said it all. Isn't that right? Yes, sir! So there you have it obviously, a little more political little more engaged. I do think it's important! It's not something. We talk about every episode, but a just doing the time we're living in it's a weird time, and maybe hopefully something good can come out of this like I, think it is I. Think we're gonna see something happen. I mean we yeah man, I, don't want to be I, don't want to beat a dead horse. I just want to [ __ ] a horse. Not you I mean you know, I mean I'm, not they look like I'm just using his joke yeah, but I. Think you're, beautiful and I do like having sex with you, but you're a human. So that's it have a great weekend guys we love. We appreciate you will be that we will be back next week with William Osmond, very much looking forward to that and until then have a fantastic week, stay blessed, say safe where those masks and yeah just put on a mask they'll be over soon. It will be it's not far. I just write it out a little more I mask forever. No, not forever all right, Tata, [Music], [Music], [Music], [Music].