To welcome everybody, [Music] [Music], [Applause], [Music], good buddy, keep the applause going. He says we don't entertain here. The best of us welcome to the H Street podcast when it's time. What is that whoa? What are you guys doing back there? Zack was going wild on the whoa whoa whoa. Oh, it's me who's that who's. That idiot Oh me welcome everybody. Today we got a heck of a show planned. Thank you to quip and honey for sponsoring our episode. Unfortunately, PewDiePie couldn't make it as we scheduled him. We are. We are trying to schedule him for next week. So look forward to that [Music]. So Presidents Day came everybody had a nice long weekend, Ian as I understand it spent the weekend with the wild card out in wherever they are I'm, not gonna say where they are, they might be here. They might be yeah. Well, who knows Ian? How was your date? I was great. A lot of fun. I got back yesterday. It was nice little little vacay. Have you guys, consummated the relationship? No, that is not christ-like, not cool, I'm offended you'd even say that actually yeah, that's that's! Pretty messed up dude. What yeah you guys, you know about Ian's faith is faith in Kanye. Are you saying, because you, because you're a fan of Kanye that you've gone devout or is that just you're making a joke? You don't want to talk about your sex life I'm, just saying man, what bass, God three always yeah I, think he's I think he's hit a homer, I'm sure well good for you. She sounded very happy when I spoke. I spoke to her I'm talking to Ian about work and I, say say: hi to uh can I say her name here: wildcards, fine, well, Curt I can't say her name. Her name is wildcard. Okay, that is legally so I, say, say: hi to a wild-card because she helped Ian with something he worked on as I tell her. Thank you and I wish her well, and he goes oh. She can hear you she's on speaker. He had me on speaker the whole time. Ian had me on speaker. I was having an elaborate conversation about work and he I'm not speaker for the whole time with wild card in the room with him. I was like bro, you had me on speaker the whole time what I mean? What are you thinking in? Not only is it rude to a normal person, but I'm a celebrity. You can't speak you phone me, you are you decide to nd8, you signed an nd8, she didn't sign it, we kind of classified stuff. Were you guys it doesn't matter, everything I say is privileged. Well, okay, so I wasn't planning on having a full phone call with you. I had called you because I needed a code to access certain account, and so I had you on speaker to type in the code, and then you continued the conversation which was very lovely. It's always nice to chat klutz. Then I did not switched off this video anything. He did not expect it to chitchat. I wasn't chitchat we're talking about work. You were just going on and on about how was your day how's the weather, nothing I'm like I gotta go wow you're doing stick, but what you actually did is you didn't click the speaker button I will pick up the phone when your boss, who you respect it's talking about privileged information, that you've signed an NDA I, did lift the phone and I carried it into another room. But then I walked back and said. Oh here, she is. Is that what happened? Yes, because when I was on the speaker and I said Sam, that's do and I just outed her. You can't I'll go back to wild card. I'll bleep, you impose, doesn't matter all right, I'm, pretty sure I've said her name already on this. You know, but no I was I. I asked her I says Sam hammer it in there really I said: let's try. What do you think I said: what do you think about the fact that Ian has me on speaker- and she said, I got to be honest. I was a little thrown off when he put you on speaker, I thought it was rude. She told me like she feels odd wow. She really said yeah. She was no well I. Might respect points went up for a big time. I was like I was like Ian you're out Sam is it I could feel the lull of the conversation and then I walked back into the room, as that happened at the same time, I would not breach your trust like that. Come on come on well, I do feel a kinship to Sam and I do feel like she's part of the circle of the trust, but you got who to come on what? If I told you about now, Who am I kidding, there's also we can all attest. You are a big speakerphone guy yeah, but I'm the boss, especially when, like shredders everything, everything I decide what the privilege there was the hardest thing I have ever seen in life. You had we're talking to us. If you had speaker on in the car with the window down, shredder was barking in the back and you were slurping but, like you can hear Dan laugh, but in you can't really hear when he's laughing I guess I had to hand the phone to Dan, cuz I could not because I just lost it. No respect, yeah I, don't know. I was just I asked what is going on over there I didn't know. Anything funny was happening at all. Okay, well yeah and had a good weekend. It's good to be back gonna, be better. It's good to have you back I appreciate that. Thank you. Another funny thing to happen. Loaf drama and the backstage is that we're I didn't want to say what it was. I, don't even saw anyone about Zacks comment. How do I frame this because I don't want to insult that? I? Don't want to insult. You know what I'm saying you look. I know you thing do I just say it like: it is I mean ya, know you could say Dan or did. Zack was looking at something involving certain people and made a certain call. Obviously, I see yeah I, don't I, don't want to insult the people who don't deserve it, but we were reviewing something involving females. That Zack was handling, I mean it's probably obvious and Zack just goes. I'm just gonna have to say what it is just, let it out yeah just let it out I'm sorry, I'm apologized to anyone. I, don't share that opinion. This is Zacks opinion and that's why it's funny Kazak was handling all the applications for the bachelor season. Two with elos brother and I, say Zack. How was it looking? How are the applicants- and he says it goes honestly- they're just a bunch of dogs- and we were all shocked by that or like a bunch of dogs. I wasn't here. So it's so graphic. Do you refer to women as dog? Oh look, I was trying to be humorous. Okay, no, you were I came out Rob, they weren't my type. How about that I just I didn't I didn't find him attractive. I'm, sorry, okay, well, I did think it was funny was just shocking. He knows funny. I asked Sam, yes Sam. She I said: what do you think about Zack, coy I think what happened is that I asked you what's happening with that and what do we have so far and you said Zack says we just have a bunch of dog well in the words of the track, I think Ian said they don't in the words of Zack they're, just a bunch of dog I don't mean to be degree like it was fun, but I was like wow Zack and well. You know, but then, but then I was surprised. Ian's girlfriend said what do you think about that I asked her. She said well, frankly, I'd have to see the pictures. [Laughter] gotta stay, I I have a certain type yeah. What is your humans apparently yeah humans? What's your type I mean my current my girlfriend now she's my type describe her long brown, hair, petite petite, you don't smile, go on I, think that's everybody's type, just like there's a certain like personality trait I, don't know for you know Pitzer or button. How do you see personality through a picture you can tell? Are you are you? Are you tits or ass? Why would I ask you you're an ass man yeah, so do you not consider I've always wanted us about Aspen? Do you not consider boobs like what is the ratio? If you look at a girl- and you say her ass- is like this good, but her boobs are I'm not liking, her boob. So like are you willing to like knock at their boobs at all? If her ass is like fat or like, how does that work out, yeah yeah, you could put it that way. It's all ass! You don't care about the boobs. You know I mean, of course you do. You want. You know something, but you don't you. Your requirements are not a lot on the boobs, no yeah. No, so if a girl has like a 2 out of 10 boobs, what's a 2 out of 10 boob well, I, don't know everyone has their own preference on boobs it's hard to because, for example, for me, size isn't a factor I, don't care about sides, but I'm I'm, more of a tit man, myself, okay and it's not about size, it's more about the perky Ness and the nipple, and all that ela, for example, has incredible boobs you wouldn't expect, but I always say she has secret boobs as like, and those things are [ __ ] you unexpected, but like I'm, just trying to get the hard as that, so graphic I'm, gonna back Zach up on this, because I too would consider myself and ask me and I would say: yeah I mean as long as nipples your game ever see for me. So what's not game like someone with like um flat flat back that does that kill your vibe if there's a flat ass but like perfect, it's yeah kind of does see. Did you see for me on? If there's, if I don't like the tits, then I'm not interested and I hate, shallow I am but I've been with girls. That I didn't like who didn't like with the rack, and that was a no, but to me I'm just it kills the attraction. And so obviously you know I was younger. I would say the boobs were a bigger deal, but you know: I got I got a theory. You go from boobs to ass, and then you become a leg. Man leg man as you get older, I've remained staunchly at it man my whole I'm, consistent I mean that's not to say I, don't like a fat ass. But for me the tits is what seals the deal okay and then that the ass for me is like whatever the tits has to be there. Now in you chime another everybody's, given their preference. What okay about I like legs or as are you evil watching the show there are no legs on the table? Tits are actually I, just really love a good personality. Why do we even have him like? Why do you have a mic dude, let's put the robot in I know we got to get robot Ian he's way more interesting than real and he's uh in the factory right now, I'd say that Ian. Do you refuse to answer? Do you refuse to answer this question? I know, I did I said I I like legs and ass? Okay, so we got three I cement there and then just that just to emphasize, because I want to understand this if tits are weak, but the ass is fat you're good. If the ass is weak, you're out yeah I mean I got to be honest. I've I've been in that exact scenario before Wow, it's so interesting, but I've stopped seeing a girl you're not attracted it was it was it wasn't like the deal-breaker, but it certainly was a factor. You need a data. Would you guys eat ass, because one big enough guys are so into ass? It's all! No, but no Zack would eat ass, I'm sure of it probably [Laughter] sauce on there he'd eat that ass horsey sauce. You wouldn't eat ass. What this horsies? No! No, no I get like a queen like freshly showered right out of the shower. No really, no iiv nice out of the shower. There's nothing wrong with there, but I feel, like you, guys, are being so repressed that you're, like so repulsed you into ass out of the shower, but you're an ass man. Yes, I've eaten ass. Yes, once the last time you ate ass is something: do you like your ass, being, eaten sighs, no I, don't go anywhere near that I had a girlfriend college. She always tried to put a finger in my ass. No I was always out. I was always like. No, no, no! No, but that but I'm not trying to I'm not trying to shame anyone. I think I, just wasn't ready for it. I was fresh I mean that would that was my first like sexual experience like I lost my virginity to this girl and she was a lot more experienced than me not to brag, but you know, and she, but she would but I wasn't ready for the finger in the ass. Oh you're, a little older, you spread those cheeks [Music] didn't ask permission. No just like went for it yeah I gotta tell you, I, can't believe a minute admitting this, but uh exact same thing for me. First girl has ever with she did that and it really pissed me off. It was [ __ ] up they she did. She did she penetrate him, or did she just go for it like he just kind of went for it and I. Pretty much immediately was like what the [ __ ] you doing, because it takes I mean to actually penetrate. You would take some at force yeah as she, so she actually forced her way in deep. Did her finger go to like the first knuckle. It was so she just started like caressing, my [ __, ] I. Think just she was probing to see how comfortable I was yeah. I guess I mean this is a long time ago. It was. This, is in high school I mean so I. Don't remember how many know yeah. That's a high school girl mine was in college, I didn't even know. People did that in high school I had no knowledge of that in butthole was a little bit older, more experienced so yeah I mean almost the same situation. You just described I'm, not saying I wouldn't enjoy these days because I've been around the block, and you know you want something: a little more exciting I'm talking directly to you yeah, but at the time when you're, when you're having your first sexual experience. Like that's a lot, that's a lot to take process. Yeah, it's a lot to process exactly. Were you scared? No, no I know it. I was just she I think. Actually what I think happened is she touched the ass and then she said: do you like that and I didn't know, yeah, that's why it wasn't that wild okay, the grand scheme of things, it's not that wild I suppose he knows crazy when I the first time I had sex the condom broke. That's the condom broke pretty crazy yeah, that's all I got I've been there I think it's only her stone, though that would be really scary. I think it only happened to me twice in my life for the condom broke, but one was the very first time. That's weird luck! Yeah! She didn't want to take my virginity. This girl, cuz I. She asked if I'd ever had sex and I said no, and then she so she was like. Oh she's just been when I was like. No, no, it's fine I want to do it and the condom broke and she's like. Oh, we should do it. It's a sign. I was like there's no such thing as a sign. Oh whew. She said she when she saw the condom broke she's like oh, it's a sign because she didn't want to take my virginity. I was like there's no such thing as a sign. You know, I was 19, everybody around me had already lost their virginity, but when, at what point did it break like like immediately like I put it on and I did like one thrust and then was it broke? Damn? No! No! No, but it was just one. It was just it was in and out and broke and then I just put on another one. Interesting sorry, yeah, so you guys so Dan your ask man that doesn't eat ass. You ever slip a finger in the ass. Damn! No, no I'm, not yeah I, just I! Don't but I, don't believe you I, don't believe you, okay, I, don't believe you you're an ass man. You don't even touch that! Well, you don't eat that. So you don't finger. Not oh I'm, not an [ __ ] man. No, it's like saying I'm, not a tip man but I'm not into nipple. Do you agree Zach? No, that nipple is way more integral. Okay, I I gotta agree with Ethan on this one and Zach. Do you and Ian? Do you agree wait? What is the question? The question is: if you're in as a man he's talking about like feet, he's not even listening. There's not even listening. I go Ian. What do you think? What are we talking about? Are you even listening in I'm watching your mouths move? It's not you're in the zone. What's the question if a nipple is okay, if you're an ass man, if you're an ass man- and you are apparently an ass man right, do you think that to say I says Dan, you don't need to ask you don't finger ass? How are you an ass man? That's like saying I'm, a tip man, but I. Don't care about the nipple I see so you think Dan is played with an [ __ ], yes, yeah I'd, probably oh so Ian just confirm he's [ __ ] with an [ __, ] I'm, just saying, if you like an ass yeah, exactly yeah, you know what I'm saying, if you, if you like, do you like something you like something there you go dan has shut down, I, don't know I'm not lying I mean Dan doesn't like what what was that I last thing, I accused of lying? He got really upset about what was it? No, it's like a daily occurrence. No! No! No! There was nothing of him looking at instagrams right because I said he's long. Well, maybe you should be more honest. I won't QZ of lying. I have no reason to lie about this. If you ate a ass you'd, be honest, yeah absolutely come on, I was just open about her, but just now I said: okay, my first sexual experience she's put a finger in my ass. Okay, I choose the baby died. You're right, then I'll choose to believe what happened. If you came across a fake, but are you get interesting Oh like a girl with those implants or whatever yeah? It seems it's a little weird, but I don't know you take you. Can the ride the thing about that ass is that it's the muscle so that I think the attraction of the ass is that, like is that, like you can do stuff with it like I think when you have sex with a girl with a fat ass, she can do more with that muscle, and so, when you have a fake muscle, it's kind of just dead weight, mm-hmm I guess I'll say, is a tit man. Implants, for me, are immediate, turnoff, really yeah, yeah I, don't really like it either I mean mate. Maybe the really good ones, but you can't tell but I feel like I, can always tell facts. You like fake titties, uh sure I mean when I was like when I was younger. I guess I liked it, but as I grew and yeah I don't know I. The thing is fake, titties, look good in clothing. Do you like Oh check out my, but once you're naked they just throw just everywhere, III really get older. Like you appreciate more natural, you know mmm or natural beauty. Okay, I feel like we covered a lot of ground here, also have to report. That Dan is bitterly jealous of my diablo three crits hold on he's grabbing some mail I've been keep on playing Diablo 3 I just want to keep reporting on that I'm on rift. 99 and I am paragon level 750 and I'm happy to report that my highest crit Dan listen closely was four three trillion and I was just saying that you're bitterly jealous of my high job low Chris. Thank you Dan, three trillion. What how high have you kratom, diablo 3? Oh I don't wanna brag yeah you haven't, but gotten this tube. Don't you stick? He didn't come thanks, Dan and then, finally, before I, move on to our headline stories, I want to say that I love talking about this, because I discovered that Bloomberg Michael Bloomberg really triggers Dan and Ian. They hate Michael, Bloomberg I, know I endorsed Bernie Sanders already for president and donated $1,000, but um Bloomberg is gonna, be on the debate stage tomorrow for the first time and I'm gonna be watching very closely to see how he performs, but he's pulling number two nationally. He passed sleepy Joe Biden. That happened sloppy joe biden. He just came out of nowhere waiting, dude dude spent like three hundred thirty million dollars and he's gonna spend two billion. Is that epic, because before it wasn't in any pulse, was he like? Well, it was in some? No, he yeah he's it's been he's been steadily climbing and I. Think I. Think all these campaigns, and even this, this [ __ ] Jerry one. It's all working cuz everybody's, just Michael Bloomberg, on the mind you know, and when I put on the news, it's always Michael Bloomberg, this Michael Bloomberg attacked Bernie and Bernie attacked, Bloomberg and I just saw today in the latest poll he's pulling number two that is shocking behind Bernie, nationally he's a head of sloppy joe well, that is not shocking. Well, Joe Biden in the beginning of this race was like number one. By far right. Until people heard him talk, yeah I did it. What was that new one that Vic burger did that it of the wise lying I? Don't think watch it on the show. Let me put down why why? Why why why I love, Joe Biden he's like such a mean machine and I love, kids sitting on my lap and I love? Kids, he's really not I! Think he's really not nervous he's shot again he's like wow. This is gold, the reporter [Music] and it's like I, don't hate too much on this clip. Those people can be annoying yeah, but the way he reacted, I mean hello, you're gonna be President. You can hit the [ __ ]. Every day, but look how he like trips of his eyes and then the lights [Music], just a good, sound bite I want the Y version of this. So what do you guys think? Are you about Michael, Bloomberg being on the stage tomorrow, Danny and aunt, Co I'm, glad that he's gonna be there because I mean I. Think a large part of why he's doing so well is he's throwing half a billion dollars on ads that just attacked Trump relentlessly and everything and people outside of New York City aren't really familiar with him or who he is or the fact that he's a little short manlet annoying nasally dude. He is five eight by the way. Yes, as we discussed last week, not five Forrest so, but so he was the mayor of New York right. He was the mayor of New York for three terms and that's a long time. How was he perceived as the mayor good, uh, well, cleaned up the city, the city was a dangerous place. Lots of crime I mean I, New York, that's what New Yorkers say did you live in New York during the time he was mayor, Danny I, didn't know, okay, so then they're based on people who lived in New York at the time they said very nice things about Michael, Bloomberg, dad Zach, rode bastard and when he starts eating, go ahead, then I, don't think all of the black and brown kids who grew up in New York City under his rule, feel that way about him. Let's just leave it at that. Actually I think he I think he has really. He pulls really well among black voters. I saw that which is weird I agree, because this whole stop and frisk thing is definitely his biggest quote controversy, but I have a theory about Michael Bloomberg that I'm gonna lay on you right now Dan. So all these conservative Trump voters I mean there's a lot of I'm, not saying all Trump voters are racists, okay, I'm, not saying that I would say the majority of Trump voters are good kind, sweet, hearted people; they just want to see the best for this country. There are racist people, though, or might maybe not even racist people though, but they look at the media as like. Oh just another good guy, or maybe even just another white guy being accused of being racist, I. Think there's a lot of people like that who will almost I think this stop and frisk thing could even help Michael Bloomberg what would with people that are Trump supporters? Yes, there's a lot of people who are disenchanted with Trump, but they don't see a better alternative, there's a lot of people that are disenchanted with Trump, because you know he has a 95 percent approval rating with Republicans I. Think there's a lot of people there who don't see a better option in the Democrats because they see Bernie Sanders as too radical because he's way too easy to vilify. And although I love, Bernie and I'm not agreeing with them and I, don't think he's a boogeyman I! Think socialism, capitalistic socialism, has I don't know why they always point to Venezuelans [ __ ] like that Nazi Germany, it's like hello, all of Scandinavia, is, is having this and they're like the happiest countries on earth. They have like the most like flourishing societies. Mmm-Hmm. It's like. We just ignore the fact that Scandinavia exists, but anyway I agree with Bernie's dream, but he's so easy to vilify and this whole brainwashing campaign to make him label ISM some some crazy, socialist autocrat I've already seen it. They go. Look at videos wheeler, the price of bread went up to $1,000,000, that's what Bernie Sanders wants for you like what it's so stupid, but anyway, a lot of these people who are maybe soured on Trump or are independent or on the fringe of the Republican Party. Well, look at a guy like Michael Bloomberg, who used to be used to be a Republican and he they seem as like an outsider because they're like oh well, he's a just being accused of racism like Trump they're gonna, be like that's my kind of guy. Also, a lot of people wanted a successful businessman when they chose Trump, but Bloomberg is the actual successful businessman. Bloomberg is most definitely but I. Don't know anything about him, so I'm not saying one way or another I do want to watch the debate. All I know about Bloomberg is that he was a long-term mayor of New, York City, very rich guy. He has some controversies about stop and frisk and I'm. Looking for I'm sure, they're gonna ask him a lot of questions about on the debate stage. So we'll see, but I do think that there's um I think there's a lot of people from the Trump camp who will like Michael boom blame berg who would never vote for Bernie thoughts, Dan I think it's delusional brilliant Trumpy people love the Trump supporters, love Trump, look they're, not gonna switch over. Are you kidding me he's gonna get annihilated by Trump. If he becomes the nominee, you think Bernie will do landslide, really landslide win for Trump cuz I. Think you like nominee. Why yeah I'm, not sure I agree with you there, because they're the same but Bloomberg is have you seen any like interviews with him or no that's why I'm really looking forward to tomorrow night? Okay? Well, the conversation about it after the debate, because you're gonna see who Michael Bloomberg is and he's like a really kind of wiry, Dee's, Jewish right I believe he used to is yeah because he has this whole, like New, York, Jew thing where they did. He is um, not a very charismatic. He was nice. He was the mayor for 11 years. I mean that's, that's a pretty long stint as as a public service, and- and this is a very rich man- this he was already super rich and he dedicated 11 years of his life to public service. I mean that's pretty admirable. Do you disagree? I do but we're also waiting minutes. We should go to bring that okay, we should go to break, but what's not admirable about dedicating 11 years of your life to public service I went is admirable admirable for Trump to do that. I guess I mean ultimately it's just like. That's such a that's. What a loaded question you! The thing is. The thing is that the presidency has this prestige in power. I mean mayor of New. York, obviously, is a prestigious slimly prestige ISM, it's more! It's one of the most powerful political offices in this country. It's more powerful than probably the vast majority of governorships of states. I agree. It is, it is definitely a powerful seat, but it's far cry from the presidency. I'm sure well he's trying to buy his way into that one too. So and there you go well, let's go to break when we come back. We're gonna have the oh yeah, the taste test. Wow I can't wait for that, really filmed it. To be honest with you guys, we filmed it at the beginning, because we want the burgers to rot. So I'm gonna show you now the fast food taste test after this short commercial break. You know that honey is the free online shopping tool that automatically finds the best promo codes and applies them at your cart, and you know how great it feels to save. But do you know how great it feels to save with honey saving with honey feels like when you go and take a dump and you go to wipe it up and there's nothing on the first wife and you don't even bother to go for a second weight because you're like I know that I'm clean down there? That's what it feels like to save with honey. When Papa John was in the house, we entered a couple of pies from Papa John calm. Look at this coupon from honey. You saved $11.64 up a $54 purchase come on. That's like 20% I, don't know the math, 15% I don't know, but this is money that honey saved me automatically. A checkout I was going to buy some pies right when I'm getting a checkout honey goes hold on one sec boom automatically pies almost $12 to savings. It's happened to me so many times honey has found it's over 18 million members over 2 billion dollars and savings. That's almost as much money as Michael Bloomberg spent on on ads. Just in the past three months. Did you know honey supports over 30,000 stores online, including Macy's targets, Sephora, Best, Buy and more and they're adding more every day? Did you know that users love honey? That's why it has over a hundred thousand five star reviews on the google chrome store using honey feels great. It's a daily victory. Every time, you're on the internet. Everybody loves it. It's for me to install it takes just a few clicks: go to join honey for free, get honey for free at join honeycomb, / HP, that's join honey, calm, /, h3 quip is the Alpha and Omega of toothbrushing technology. If you want your mouth clean, if you want your gums clean, if you want your Pratt's fresh, you will go to quip. You will keep your mouth clean and it is simple as good habits it they. They tell me to say this. They say it is simply this. If you have good habits, you are good. I thought my intro was better but hey it's their copy, they're, the ones pain. That means, if you brush for two minutes twice a day and floss regularly, no matter what bread you use, your mouth will be good, but here's. The thing quit makes that simple for you, starting with an electric toothbrush, refillable, floss and anti cavity toothpaste. Quips electric breath has sensitive sonic vibrations with a built-in timer and 30-second pulses to guide a full and even clean. The quip. Floss dispenser comes with pre-marked string to help you use just enough plus quip delivers fresh breasts head brush heads, floss and toothpaste, refills right to your door, every three months with free shipping, so your routine is always right, join over 3 million healthy mouths and get equipped today, starting at just $25, and if you go to get clip, comm, /, h3 right now, you'll get your first refill for free. That's your first refill free at get clip. Comm, / h3 spelled GE t qu, IP, comm, /, h3 quip. It's the good habits company quit May Day, welcome back everybody to the much-anticipated food challenge and who's anticipated it more than me, though nobody. You know we have. A lot of people often are requesting food taste tests in the comments. So I don't see those people I dan Ian back me up. People love this people had I, don't have an explanation, but if you love it thank you, but actually I'm really excited for today's. You know you hear about the beyond me the impossible burger. Well, we have gone to all of the major fast-food restaurants that offer a beyond meat option and we are doing a blind taste test before me. I have starting I have a Carl's jr.. What do they call their burger, the mall star, superstar or star, whatever it is crap burger I've got a real beef and I got a fake beef and I'm gonna taste, both I'm gonna tell you, which I think is the meat and I'm gonna tell you, which one tastes better. Now I'm gonna tell you for sure. If I'm wrong, I'll [ __ ] eat my hat but see one Dan is the. Is the fake meat or I'm the [, __ ], Pope, interesting and c2 is real me if I'm wrong, then I'll just give it I'll just invest all my money or fake me it right now, but but but I could be wrong. I mean it would be awfully funny if I was wrong. Hmm, so I'm gonna go ahead and take a bite of what I think is the real meat first, which is c2 um I mean that's real meat I mean here, I'll, show you guys what I'm seeing I mean. This is fake meat. That's real me come on. Obviously right man does this meat all right here we go I'm just eating a burger. Now it's off. We only do one byte per who said that rule people love to watch me much, although gotta say too Carl's, surprisingly extremely expensive, really fast food yeah tell me the breath. Zack was the one who picked it up. How much did you end up spending there? It's $41 what well that was, but we bought what four of each compared three like three meat for veggie yeah: that's, seven, seven sandwiches for $40 compared to Burger King that was $23 an offensive, Carl's jr.! That's what a sandwich should cost the faculty Burger King selling over half the price is disturbing. This is America. No I do that. So go back and check our old to your list on fast food, yeah, yeah city, and we did rate Burger King. What D tier with a draft here it was like it was okay, I'm now taking a bite so just to sorry to pause you but is Zach Annie and also yes, everything at the same. Yes, they should be doing me. So did you guys all take a bite of c2 there munching right now? Do they know damn? What's what yeah we didn't know? We didn't uh randomized it back here so I'm, the only clown that doesn't know the only clown, but you knew I mean come on. I am now taking a bite. Can you really not sure into the mic? I cannot no I can't yeah I know it's a joke, but it's also good yeah. Well, that's definitely to bed you the second one mm-hmm, okay! Well, you did correctly identify them. That being said, the taste is on point, I mean for that veggie yeah, dude I actually might say that um, it tastes better. It's weird because, like these fast-food burgers they're, they don't use that much meat, cuz, it's expensive, cameo, napkin and so I and I know. This is really weird to say, but I think this has more of a flavor than the actual meat, because they're just they're, just it's a really small patty and you just can't get that much out of it good smoky flavor right. Thank you, make you suck suck, and so so I bet it's really good. A lot of people are probably wondering is Ethan, not vegetarian, right, I'm, mostly vegetarian. Maybe it like once a week I'm very proud of the meat games. I've I'm, very proud of myself. I've cut back on meat a lot since my darby's meat mountain, like how often like once a week once a week. Okay, yeah, no I'm I, don't know I, don't eat meat at home. I only me eat meat. When we go to you well, I, I genuinely think. Let me let me take another tape. No you're done Nate -. Let me just I want to be sure, there's more to come. I like I'm on this earth. We can't call this a taste. I mean that's just passed me all them. You know I'm into hate them. You can taste your burger, you look, I was thinking, maybe I'll wait for all the vegetarian ones and then I tried them all and tell you which one's the best. That's exciting. Let's do that good, or did you guys yeah I can taste family onion, incredible approach. I, like you know, I like I, do I like it I like it, can't tell on your own. Well, it's a pretty good approach. It might be a little slow after we've already tasted every one of them. I think I'm with you, with the impossible burger having a little more kick to it than any other one really inside and thank you I'm doing a or two are they the same price yeah? Are you impossible burger on the wrap? No, this is from these Zac. Did you have a preference about burgers the same thing there I I like the meat one you do like the me yeah, okay, I'm gonna. Tell you right off the bat on fat, burger I'm, not having such an obvious. No meat conclusion, let's say, look way more similar. So that's f1! You got a good look at that ela and then that's f2. They look way more similar. That being said, f1 I'm gonna call is the veggie saying f1 is the veggie okay, all right f1 is the veggie. This is fat burger. This is fat burger, which I guess is not a national thing. So maybe we should extract like I. Don't maybe not everybody knows what fat burger is it's a little bit of like a higher wall? It's not quite like a that's right because to your point it will be too slow. Hmm, you know, there's been sitting out for a minute and then I don't think the meat stands up to time as well as the veggie one, but I'm, not a fan of fat burger. So much I, don't like they put mustard on it. I don't like the bread is marks. No I'm there. Sweet relish on I mean that [ __ ] out of here I, don't like it so all so far and away the most expensive. It was for seven burgers, I. Think $67, oh my god. What quite an investment we made on the segment now I'll say right off the bat Carl's jr. vastly superior burger, whoa I'm just being realized, but that that was f1 here or that was f2. So this is f1. This is what I thought was the the veggie burger, but it looks so much like me, my god. If I didn't have the comparison, I would guess I couldn't even tell this. Wasn't me: that's f2 right there f1. This is definitely not me and I. Don't know why they seem to be using fake cheese as well. For that it's not melted. Out of these. It's kind of watery watery, so I, don't like it there's f12 bed.you f1 is the veggie. Okay, there's no there's no getting meat past you yeah um! You know, zach is right. It is kind of watering. Hmm! That's weird. Did you try the Carl's one I try to I tried both the costumers way better way, better right. No one is really good. Mm-Hmm, so I will say first of all fat burger and not a fan. I'm into second of all, pepper, took the longest to make two right: Ian yeah it took him a while to get they were boiling it in water and they use vegan cheese. So here I will say about fat, burger aesthetically, that's insane how it looks like me yeah. You might get a close-up of that again like if you don't see that next to anything that just looks like ground beef. That being said, it does taste like me, but I guess I, don't like fat burger, so I get I, don't like neither of these to be honest with you, I, don't like it, I, don't like it. So you know still couldn't fool me, although they aesthetically is very, very, very good, so one the bun sucks like the Carl's jr. buns like really saw nice and that bun was stale. Quite frankly, so that's for you. This is uh Boyka king boycott, you know it's funny. I saw the veggie one and I was like. Oh that's so obvious and I saw the real one and it looks so shady that is what's obvious right, seeing the real one so be one okay. So here we go. These took forever to make it long so like Carl's, jr., I think that I'm gonna spot these immediately. This is this. Is the fake one I'm saying B to say, B to is fake, yeah, okay and then b1 is is a real burger, but I got to tell you like that meat. Don't look that good either at least on camera they look identical, they do I mean b2. Is the fake one? Well, don't tell me yet, but I know right so anyway, let's try the what I think to be the fake one. First be -. Here we go everybody listen closely as I munch, this another mic, a lot of expectation for this one cuz again we did rate Burger, King ft r chiming in. Are you not trying it? Oh you trying to iron? Oh exactly what you're not saying anything I'm just. He said that fat burger tastes like water. What did you think about Carl's jr.? Oh, it was the best of arm and did you have a preference between real and fake or like the real one right? You had said that now I remember. You are here: okay, so now I'm we rated Burger King II. So we did it E, oh yeah. They said B, no, no, he so I'm going in for what I perceived to be the real one on Burger King. So here we go. Both are very flavorless. Yeah King is trash. It tastes like trash. You know they say in the Burger King lab they're, like cuz. First I tried that one B - was I right by the way B - is the favor B - is the fake. Yes. So when I tried that I was like wow, this is really flavorless and not good and I tasted. This one I was like oh they're, emulating the meat in the Burger King lab they're like weak they're, like you know what we can't make this too flavorful, because our normal meat doesn't taste good. So by far Carl's jr. was the best there's more there's we have one more, but that was the end of the burgers okay. Our last option here is some tacos from Del Taco because they are for their taco meat. They have beyond me. So let me bring those out, - well, I'll, say: Burger, King I think they both rate the same yeah I can handle that so in summary, Carl's jr., but first of all the burger and then pass Birger are far and away the best burger on this table. The impossible, burger I would say tastes as good or even better than the real burger. It had a good amount of everything to like the Burger King is too dry and empty, and then fat burger is too packed with dads. No shell taco just reeled in horror, feeling about this right now, I will say as you're serving like the tacos did not keep as well as the burgers bringing here I'll be the judge of that. So that's a Beyond, taco, there's suppose the reason I know this is there supposed to be hard tacos and I feel like songs right now. So that's not a great sign. I will say that fat, burger, aesthetically nailed nailed it. That's what I'm surprised you [ __ ] on that one advice good, but it looks it looks good yeah I'm, giving it the highest grade possible for looks alright. Here's d1 d2, good luck! Oh maybe I shouldn't look at it. Do I meant to show yep, so this one could be actually more difficult, which is yeah cuz. You know so far, I'm adding it so I. Just look like a paste, I'm gonna! Guess, right off the bat that that's the fake you see it I mean you don't see much. You know, and then this one you're right, you don't see much I got I, think I, just gotta taste it I, don't want to open it and inspect it. Cuz I feel like that would be too easy, yeah, but maybe I will this has the same? D2 is fake, I didn't sell, but let me taste like chilli. It's awful I don't have her eat at Del Taco to people like del Taco, uh Dan, well, I stopped by there this morning to get these and they had like a breakfast wrap thing and I was hungry, so I went for it. I gotta say that was actually pretty good. I was surprised, um, but I can't vouch for the tacos, so d2. What I'm calling the fake meat tastes like [, __, ], d1, real meat I am assuming. Let's go I, just don't like how they season the meat tastes like chili, so it tastes the same well. I think d1 is real meat if I'm wrong them. You are not wrong. You were four four four, my dude, you uh. You know your meat. You know your way around some meat. Well, give it up for me: I it almost tastes like you're, just eating beans right mm-hmm. It's not bad, though, for a vegetarian option. You're right. It's not bad for a vegetarian option. Mm-Hmm Ian and Zach thought we didn't. Try it Oh here, grab a taco make yourself sick I might be pushing it. Don't eat! They'll talk! Oh, that poor Zach was so sick, don't eat! They'll talk! Oh my dear yeah I'm, not gonna eat it. That's that's a risk! We're not willing to take with you Ian did you have I got a say in the meantime, yeah I've been going back to this Carl's jr., but that's Wow. Did you go back for the meat or the veggie one yeah uh, the veggie one mm-hmm? If you go like flavor now to eat burgers in the future mm-hmm, would you order the beyond one? If I went to Carl's jr. yeah, yes, Wow and out of the four places you like, Carlos Abeche, so really the veggie one is the to do. Carl's jr. is by far the best thing on this table: Wow yeah. That makes me very happy to hear that yeah and is taking the crown hang on. What's crazy, I'm just gonna, be totally honest with you guys here. Okay, that's not an honest reveal. This is good for thumb in crash. That turns me on Papa save us Papa. Please that bite was too big. I couldn't really taste it great. They just shoved it back. It was a mistake. How many burgers are you eating here? In total, you know just took a little nibble of that BK dude I like the bed. You want better for sure Wow for sure for sure now it's part, you know I want the veggie one to win, but it is possible that it is because it was sitting there for 45 minutes before you ate it. Maybe the neon is better fresh, but I, don't think so. Carl's jr., veggie, burger and I agree. I mean this is bomb. This is a really good burger. So well, taco is awful. Oh I hated the dope. So did you guys have any trouble distinguishing Harbor? You was it easy for you guys as it was for me? Well then, they knew I didn't all right, I didn't randomize it for them. The whopper I mean they just look like [ __ ]. They both suck like watery yeah sure but I am so impressed by the Karlsen know that the aesthetic look of the wrapper get one more look at that I mean it is remarkable. Is that uh one or two is that the F one is the fake one water but I mean dude. The meat looks ridiculous, yeah that look at that. How it's like hanging off it's the real deal. You got a taste of [ __ ], but you said it was watery. Mine wasn't watery I, don't know what that means. How mine was I, don't know, exact and mutable said watery. Just mustard and sweet relish, like I, had what's a easier way to what about sweet rep. Maybe it's sweet relish, that's ruining it for me. I'll tell you right now, which ones ruin it for me. Am I bitter sweet relish I think I. Remember you knocking mustard before, though you're kind of a mustard hater, no he's not mustard I, like mustard on hot dogs by itself just muster I like mustard in egg salad, a little bit other than that the [ __ ] out of my plate, Wow. What about in tuna you like? Are you trying to give me a plague? I like tuna? Salad, like you, know, celery, mayo, mustard, guys, I, don't know the way you said it was just like all right. Let me try this fat burger one more tuna, there's, not good, okay, the segment over alright just eating now. So, in short, oh all, right, sweet! You can't put sweet relish on a burger, let's [ __ ] horrific. Now you want to know some disappointing news when I was researching. This yesterday is that McDonald's has already rolled out these veggie burgers in Europe, but has said they have no plans to do so in the United States. What yeah? Why? Why is that? It's super weird right, everybody's doing it, and but McDonald's needs to be they're even doing it. There just remember refusing to do it in America. For some reason dedicated to not giving an option to vegetarians I guess they probably did the research and it's not it's just not worth it to them. Yeah, like fans, I, agree, I mean I, would probably order that occasionally going through McDonald's I, of course check because, as you'll recall from our tier list, you you rated McDonald's very highly in the fast-food tier list. Yes, so I wanted to see if they had something to participate but uh no veggie options they over there. You know what I feel like right now: I feel like I'm, gonna, get sick for sure and I'll tell you why I feel like I, just created like like Burger czars, cuz, there's so many here, Mel Dean, burger, Roma, berger, rona, berger, rama, no they're, all these little burger, dnas melting in a wild habitat they've all been rotting here, like you know how they say that SARS and corona get started when you introduce wild animals to kureta baited animals and humans, and the virus jumps yeah. So now, I've introduced this environment with all these different meats and fake meats, and you got viruses, jumping back and forth. Mutating and I think I, just I think I'm gonna die. You know what it might be - we remember a few weeks ago we unsealed the bill. Delphine jar. We also have Skippy's link right in if I was like a witch notions. Those are like most rare killer. Ingredients can make a hell of a potent potion in here. Oh all, right so yeah I, just looked it up to confirm in Europe we got a, they call it. The mick vegan and it's a safe, free, burger market that yeah McVie ghen wouldn't go over well here yeah. It needs to be like the Incan haters right vegan. It's almost like a naughty word, so it need to be like the Mick Mick beyond Mick possible. They do the impossible to make possible. That's not a bad title to make fake. That's an awful title, no doc! Why Mick? No! It's Mick! No! Well! It's called a MC McDonald's. Some people say Macs and paper. Some people say men and Mick. Here I think is the Big Mac, not big Mick, Big, Mac, I, think hear people say: McDonald's I! Think it's a regional thing. Yeah, like a like Irish name, you say MC like mcdougal mcdougal. Some people are mcdougal. Ah so people are mcdougal. It's news to me. You can say yeah I feel like I, say Mac. It might be a regional thing. You know I remember. While I was watching Pulp, Fiction and I heard Jules, say McDonald's and I thought he was doing. Shtick. Oh, but yeah people call it in Europe, I, guess cuz in Israel, you would say: mmm McDonald's you just like McDonald's MEC, say it again. Mcdonald's CSUN's, like you, said McDonald's really, mm-hmm, say MEK but say McDonald's again, three times McDonald's go ahead: Michael Brown's, McDonald's, McDonald, McDonald's, I, don't hear Mick. Well. How about we called the de Mick, the Mick, the Mi'kmaq Mac Micmac patty-whack I, listen the segment good. So what we're gonna do is cut it. Well, we actually we filmed this segment first thing we got in here because we don't want these burgers to rot. What time you got is by these cuz. They may have already rotted I got mine at like 9:45 and then 45. It is 12:30 right now. Buddy ran a little bit late, but that's some three hours, yeah well I, remember from my food service days uh, you could stay on refrigerator for four hours before it uh, so I think we're I think we're. Okay, oh and you know these burgers have extra shelf life yeah, all the probably full of a ton of preservatives. Well, last time we did a food taste. Us I had like major diarrhea was that the [ __ ] Arby's was guitar yeah, the roast beef, the roast beef yeah yeah that'll. Do it well, let's hope I mean I kind of already feel it coming on, but I'll be sure to update you. It's the first thing: you've eaten today, not breakfast: okay, okay, that's good! All right! Let's end this and go back to the show. Thank you all for enjoying this very special h3 podcast presents. Welcome back I hope you enjoyed the taste test. I will say they say you shouldn't mix your alcohols. I feel like you. Shouldn't mix your meats either I just went to the bathroom to pee during the break and I was like you know. Sometimes, when you go to pee and you're like oh I, actually need a [, __ ], but I'm not doing that here, not now, but I had that feeling and I'm still fighting it back. Thank you for your commitment. Thank you to the show. Thank you for acknowledging my commitment. Well, let's get on with it. Shall we Sonic? The Hedgehog has been a hotly debated topic on this podcast and I'm actually shocked to see that it has opened at number one grossing, 58 million dollars on the. What timezone is that just this is opening weekend. Yes, correct, absolutely smash the box office and then I mean Ian and Dan both saw it is that right, I thought Ian has a little bit of Dan you're eating into the mic again, there's no reason for you to be eating it to the mic and the burger is over. I didn't expect you to throw it to me. I'm. Sorry, thanks Dan, wait! Joan! Are you aiding the Carl's? Okay, you sauce on it without taking a bite of your burger. Tell me what you thought. Yes, it's a good kids movie I mean it wasn't. Didn't blow me away: hey it's moving. Yeah I actually didn't end up. Seeing it mm-hmm. Did you buy tickets? A knock? Oh yes, that's correct! Hmm! So you paid you contributed to this yeah I did interesting doing well. Well, how much did they spend I heard they spent 90 million, so I, don't know I mean even with this huge opening I feel like I feel like we're. Gonna have to follow this closer as long as they have a good second weekend. They'll be fine, they'll break even at least well. We'll keep an eye on that. But what I really want to talk about here today is something we haven't talked about in a moment, I'm happy to announce that your favorite brothers are back Jake, Paul and Logan. Paul are both back in the news. Jake Paul, first of all, launched this absolute scam. Jake Paul is just at this point such a douche. It's a legit scam at this point more before it was just like shady content right, like I, mean first of all, I made a video about him and rice go I'm. Doing this. The gambling thing where you you, pay and open the mystery box that was giving away the hundred fifty million dollar bel-air mansion yeah. Wonder who won that I think it was Jeff Bezos what a coincidence yeah wonder who we've got it icicles somebody sent us that no I feel like at this [ __ ] I made a huge mistake. Mixer mates never makes me another reason to go with the [Music] I feel like I got it. Are you right, I'm I wish I wasn't really Wow god dammit I don't want to just go well. Sometimes it passes I, just I. Think I got to just take care of this all right. I. Take back my applaud to you. Oh he's got in the wet wipes -. This is serious huh. We have a whole story, slash into wipes. You know that you're gonna clog the city all right. Well, he's got the wet wipes ready to go he's not [ __ ] around all right, uh I mean I. Guess we'll just follow me back, we'll be right back welcome back again, I just I! Don't [ __ ] like that anywhere else. Only here after those food segments like you cannot believe what just came out of me. I don't even want to talk. Okay, [, __, ] disgusting dude, here of all places, did you get two paddles? No, no again, what can I tell you not only was I in a hurry, but they were out of pads other way. They were out of pads, and then it was a fresh roll, because I wanted to get some toilet paper, throwing the ball students splashed on me. It was out of roll, so I was just clawing at it. Manically tripping chunks of toilet paper off. Just awful did you just look inside the bowl afterwards and you're just like what is wrong with me, looks like a mound of dirt, like you know, outside of an ant hole, a vaguely like or like outside of a gopher hole, just mounds of dirt. That's what it looked like anything like. Thank you. You said you don't want to talk about it. You brought it up. You asked you just sent me off. You asked a question, those your oh all, right. Let's just forget that ever happened. These food reviews are killing me right. Jake Paul, we were talking about, has launched a what appears to be a total scheme. Where is this where's, the video of him talking about it? What a mess here it is, let's enjoy, they say were entitled and lazy. They tell us to go to college, get a job retire at 65 how's that working out for us. Are your parents happy little bit. This is like a dollar store, Tai Lopez, it yeah internet marketing, totally I mean look at like the bars and the texts and and and notice all the royalty-free footage is Oh bat. It's so poorly edited like he'll talk about someone poor and it's just like some royalty free like a baby who's like it's just so bad I'm, not I'm, not gonna, say anything. Just just enjoy I'm gonna start over. Let's take this in together and then talk about it say we're entitled in lays. They tell us to go to college, get a job retire at 65 how's. That working out for us are your parents happy? Are they living the life they wanted? There's over one trillion dollars in student loan, debt and people with outdated education who can't even get a job for the student loans they took out that now haunt them for life, maybe we're too young to have experiences yet, but if you're not, then you know exactly what I'm talking about and now that enough of it, our generation is better than this. We deserve better we're smarter. So what's the solution, we need to create a movement for our generation, one that inspires people to take action to achieve livesey. Now the dreams our parents have for us or our society. We need a movement that inspires. They don't live life on that. That's something else, a movement that anyone who's great just enough to follow can have a much higher chance of becoming financially free from the societal cookie cutter, nine-to-five jobs we were all told to have the future is in our hands. Are you with me? No definitely not it's so unbelievable to me. You know. So this is a program that cost $20 a month now, first of all, bro the fact that he actually did seize. It is projecting success in the way he looks. It's so crazy. He looks like such a douche I. Think he's he's trying to be appealing as like the successful young guy that you should listen to because he knows wasn't. What's up, he looks like such a douche and by the way, the last the last business I recall, Jake Paul running was team 10, which imploded on itself was a total disaster. So what exactly? Do you know about financial independence and running a business also $20 a month? That's a lot, that's more than Netflix yeah $20. What is he gonna provide for that so for $20 a month he sold you the lifestyle he's basically saying: where did he say to drop out of school? He said in this interview here look at this and he did it right up. They says: where did he say to drop out of school here? The only program which costs 20 dollars a month will feature curated content from social media influencers and business entrepreneurs, including Paul himself. Ostensibly it's a how-to guide on how to monetize an online presence. Although Paul told variety it's for anybody who wants insight on how to make money from his/her, their passion subscriptions also include weekly group. Video calls with Paul and guess, experts I guarantee he's not there in the VIP area were Paul. Oh, so here's a video of him announcing the launch of his of his app it's just as classy as you would imagine, or not. Even if half of the populace I hear you guys go. This is this. Is the role model that they all want? It was at a mini-golf place too classy many people there. The video you just showed us, barely, has any views. Yeah, I, think they're, just good I think they're. Just using that as an ad, they haven't really launched a [Applause] those up on a balcony shouting inaudibly down at people below him. I love her guys. This is something I'm like really passionate about. Did you say I, don't really agree with education and stuff. Here it has a twit. Our education system is worthless. I'm fed up if I die, I want to die. Having made a real difference on the word. Well, he sounds fairly uneducated. So I'll agree that this is a high school dropout. Yeah I went to college I mean what does he know about the education system? He sounds like it, though he sounds like a buffoon, so the education system has failed. Him he's right, there's throwing money off the balcony [Music], so here's this is what it means to not go to college both, but throwing money off balcony and The Hunger Games. What kind of what bills are those coupons? Really? Okay? Are you sure? No, because it doesn't look like real money awaits for me: Gotha Jay [Applause]. We can't afford you good bro, so dawn I sent you that's wait. You should open that up. He made that before this event, Wow, you can't you're. So elevated, no go backward, I. Think we're missing. Oh my god. It's hard to get that past the fact that he can barely talk, but here we go. Here's your leader for $20 a month, but no flutes and public speaking classes and is any class. The US government is campaigning against I can't say you know what he reminds me of right now, the that the kid who goes can I. You know when you know when you know when kid and let's see if that worked, are you finding that clip? Oh yeah I feel like that used to work, but it's so old. Now there's this one little kid who has like a sweater? He goes. You know when you can't, when you win when when he can like here's a tweet in the meantime, it's time to like I'm fed up with, like the government and [ __, ] and school and stuff. You know when, like that's all this is a movement for like I guess like school $20 government by the way, a mom he goes. Our education system is worthless by the way, no punctuation. He has an apostrophe here, but he hasn't punctuated the first part or the eye. Our situation is worthless. I'm fed up if I die, I want to die. Having made a real difference on the world, was that gonna do with education room? So here he tweeted this photo. He said: if you're spelled you are it's not even a tweet. It's an image. You can use punctuation bro if you're confused at what the event is tomorrow, basically I'm sick of our education system. How was teaching kids zero real life skills for them to secure their own future I'm, creating a movement for everyone who wants to take life into their own hands and learn real life skills from actual professionals? Why are kids sitting? In quote film class learning from a teacher was never even made of film I, don't think anybody's doing that? Neither is Jake Paul. What are you talking about it every scene, his daily vlogs dude, I, quit films, I guarantee you any film class and college is being taught by somebody who makes films I and that's just one example, but it's not true. That's just the one example I made off the top of my head. Bro I was the kid in class who was the smartest but wouldn't apply myself yeah back it up. Ella I was the kid in the class who was the smartest but wouldn't apply myself, because I thought it was so stupid to be sitting there but it'll, but it's all we are taught just sitting there I'm, just not letting it go anymore without doing something about it. Wow. Let me read the comments on this top level. Kids stay in school trust me. Otherwise, you'll sound like him, it's almost worse than tile open. Of course. It's worth at least time. Tai Lopez has some credential Tai Lopez is not actually approaching kids. No, it's for anybody, but see Jake's. Whole thing is like yeah he's going to kids and saying [ __ ] school drop out of school and pay me 20 dollars a lot, but the dude can't even punctuate a sentence. I mean it's like a run-on say it's written like and what real-world skills does Jake? What do you mean? There's been a finer, an imaginary, 16 years old. Are you saying that team ten is in here is a check mark account replying whoever Kendra Sunderland is I wish High School taught me about credit job applications, basic car maintenance and buying a house instead of the Pythagorean theorem, which I never [ __ ] use. Is that what Jake Paul is doing about credit applied to a job? The dudes never had a job, Ethan don't go in it. That's another little Barnum star yeah! Well, that's, oh good he's got the I wish I wish over to learn to go in porn. Unlike everything else, I learned school, Wow where'd that me a huge thank you like lick that [ __, ] and they're like are you sure about this? Is Jake Paul and Weston royal. Of course, just such a horndog Justin seriously. What is Jake Paul, gonna upload, he's gonna teach you about paying a mortgage he's gonna upload, a vlog and in on April 15, saying, hey I just filed my taxes like what what does he know I'm confused about? What does he know he doesn't do anything yeah. Well, what happens in the case of someone like Jake Paul? Is that he has like business partners who are just trying to use him and he thinks it's cool because he didn't give a [ __ ] he's what's the fleeces fans, so they are like. We have business experts and we're gonna teach classes up, he's not really involved he's just selling it and his business partners are gonna, do everything, but it's still gonna suck Jake Paul's not involved at all, because obviously he has no capacity. Is no capability to actually run and manage a business. So he's got his business partner who's just trying to fleece his fans as much as Jake Paul is yeah and they're. Gonna they're gonna try to make something, but it's gonna be garbage because nobody, there actually cares about it and it's gonna be impossible to cancel your membership. That's that that's how they all work I'd be surprised if anyone, if many people enroll in this, though, because this is an awful patch man- this is not a good [, __ ]. He he thinks is like embracing the fact that he's so young and successful with like no, you know book shoe Asian kind of I. Don't think he thinks about that much I feel like he does. I, don't know Wow, because it's intentional, like the AI, is not capitalized. But then do you understand if you are actually in business and you send emails like that, every people will not take you seriously. If you become a serious person in a serious business man and you're firing off communications like he wrote and that people will not take you seriously like eventually, you have to face the real [, __ ] world and use punctuation, because you're, not just some big, like people dude, you are gonna, look like an idiot to everybody that actually knows how to be professional. It's insane I, don't think he thought that much I think you may lose just a buffoon, I think you're, giving him way too much. Maybe when asked if he thinks parents would regard FF M s, sending a dangerous message to younger fans. Call paused, that's a tough question. He said I would say why would you ever stop your kid from learning anything that is going to make he or she's smart? That sounds terrible and it doesn't have to be like I'm, taking this course and I'm dropping out. You literally told people to drop out of school by the way this interviewer was a hack because they just they didn't even push beyond that they go. Do you think it's dangerous telling kids to drop out of school and pay you twenty else a month? That's a tough question. I would say why would you ever stop your kids from learning anything and the interviewers like dope makes sense. There's another clip of this party. Just money raining down and people in a Hunger, Games situation grabbing $1 bills, secure an independent is to just throw money away off balconies. These people are obviously paid like who brought a sign yeah. What does the sign say? This is such no? No, it says ideas are [, __ ] without execution. Sorry Dan tell me exactly what Dan shows up with this this. This is all there's, not a single person here. Who's a family ideas are [ __ ] without execution. Why would any way show up with a sign that said is that is that maybe a Jake Paul catchphrase I mean we're not as up-to-date on the on the wall. Again today it I never heard anyone else say it yeah, but I mean what my way these are like older people, and then this guy has a sign that says: F F M something well yeah I deserve [ __ ] without execution yeah. What is this whole situation? Was the J don't come at ya? J P's been banished yeah they're like we, don't need kids to see what happens when you actually grow up when you turn from us to to dull that ruins the illusion, [Applause] there's a nightmare. So that's what Jake Paul has been up to I couldn't believe it I gotta tell you I I started to feel at some point that you know: Jake is maybe a little bit of a dumb-dumb, but is trying to make content and he's young, but this is like you're just trying to scam kids well and to your point after the last scam that I made a video about with the loot crate boxes. Even then I was like okay, fine, maybe he's actually stupid and didn't think about it enough and just took the sponsor. Well. My point is that after that yeah- and he was like you know what I know better now- I learned my lesson. Well, he went and after that did this, so he really I think it proves that both times he's just yeah, you really just trying to make money at any cost, and you can I just make I just make a call. This is this is unrelated, but I want to say this. As a Jewish person, we always get a bad rap for being greedy and money-grubbing, and all this I only I don't see goys doing [ __ ] like this. This is this is a white boy from Ohio I'm, just saying the guys, people I've ever known are not Jewish. What okay I think you said it wrong. Cuz GUI is not you. Yeah I was confused by this he's a [ __, ], yeah I'm, saying he's a [, __, ] or white dude from Ohio I just want to say that my trend that I've noticed is when I see the grievious. People like this sold, their soul, do whatever it takes. Doesn't care he's not Jewish if he was Jewish, all that comes feel like Oh greeted you mm-hmm and I'm, just saying that, because I get that all the it all the time, there's lots of anti-semitic comments, but I just want to say I want to point it out. Thank you. You want to point out that those stereotypes are not true, I'm making an anti stereotype. That is a good point to make. Thank you very much how many people are Jewish to the top ten most wealthy people in the world. I have a feeling there's a lot of Jews there, which makes me feel uncomfortable, but tell me Dan. Well, let's look at the top ten wealthiest people. We just looked at it last week. This is not Jeff. Bezos is not you at Nora's. Okay, Warren Buffett is Jewish. I know he's not he's that he's altered, oh no way. Yeah Nebraska, oh [, __ ] me so wait. Who's, Bernard, Arnault, I, don't know who this guy is Bernard Oliver might be the only one in the top. Well there you go. You see everybody's trying to give the Jews a bad rap. We do not grow I mean the juice. I know we're all very generous I, don't understand, I, don't I, don't get the whole greedy thing. Look like if Jay Paul was Jewish. Every comment would be like greedy Jew, greeted you greedy Jew, but but nobody even really holds it against him. Nobody even calls him greedy. He doesn't need to live with that label all right. He should live with that label forever. That he's greedy is suck Jewish, I, don't think suck is Jewish. Zuckerberg sounds like a sound you well, let's find out. I, don't want him. Just you disown him yeah. He is see, that's not good. We don't like that. [Music] [Laughter], so there's two out of ten, so that's that's fit well. I mean it's a good representation, but I mean that's 20% of the list. I was expecting worse. The question, I guess, is how many people really believe that stereotype I don't know how many people believe him, but it's something I see a long internet I, don't think is something people say, but I know that, like if I did something like this I would live with the label greedy forever. But Jake Paul he's done this multiple times. He doesn't live with that label right. It doesn't stick to him like it would stick to me because you're the greedy Jew he's greedy, he should to own. He should get that label. He has done everything. What our! What really he's? Greek Jake pause on everything in his power to exploit his fans, sell himself out, make as much money as possible for any at any cost, that's greedy and he needs to own that label forever. You know I know, let's call him gritty greedy, greedy, greedy JP, greedy yeah, greedy JP, greedy Jake, you know: do you guys think I make a good point or am I just being reactionary? I know, I mean I I. This is obviously coming from a personal place because you get like you said: I mean I've seen it too. Obviously it's like I can't do anything without being called greedy. It's like I, can't even run ads on my podcast to support this, like some. What I mean expensive and complicated operation without being greedy right, but well, let's be real. I mean this is we're talking about a tiny percentage of the people that watch this well. I have I, do have I mean you notice it because it always I. Don't look anymore I'm, just saying I'm, just saying I'm, not it's fine people can say whatever they want, but but you know what I'm saying is true. Is that he doesn't have to live with that label and he should big time get a pen forever. That says you? Okay, oh not, if not a Jew flare again people people are calling them worse. Things that, like people are calling me an idiot or a fool, would use different. It's the greedy thing that it's like that racially-motivated like when the greedy Jew, like you have to live with that greedy is worse than all those things, because it's like idiot is like. Oh, it's not your fault, you're, an idiot you're born that way. Greedy is like it's it's so ugly and that it's like you're greedy is just I have to me. That's that's a really bad insult when used in that way, so you feel like it's associated with the negative connotation of being Jewish yeah, most definitely okay. It went in this in the sense when they call I mean in some ways that it's used yet most definitely, but what I'm saying is like it really does apply more to Jake in this case, as we've seen time and time again that he he really is that greedy Jew caugh. You know what I mean so, let's like what they say about greedy Jews, that's actually Jake, so he's a greedy Jew, yes, okay, but greedy Jews aren't actually greedy Jews Jake Paul's, the real greedy Jew he's a greedy [ __ ] he's a he's, the greediest jewish boy. Okay, you know what I mean. We talk about real things here, so that's Jake, Paul, the greedy Jew, greedy Jew, Jake, Paul YouTube will love that Jake Paul. Did you yeah GJ j, pj g, j, JP g, j, GJ, JP, greedy Jew jake paul sketchy? Do you also want to add a koi cuz? He could have ej j PG, greedy guy judy, Jay Paul, now you're working keep spinning that GD JJ. Actually, interestingly, Jake Paul got in trouble unrelated B. He was getting slammed on Twitter yesterday, oh I. Can't oh, did he erase it? Okay, good you, you got an album of it. He was actually trending cuz for this tweet. He said. Remember, anxiety is created by you. Sometimes you gotta. Let life play out. Everyone remind yourself to be happy and the answer will come chill your mind out. Go for a walk, talk to a friend, I guess people got hung up on the line. Remember anxiety is created by you this one of the lessons that you can expect to get for your $20 a month. That's a freebie yeah, it's a taste of the wisdom to come again. I think this just I, don't think it's as big of a deal as everyone's making it out to be I think it just shows how empathetic and unexperienced he is in life yeah, because he doesn't really have anxiety problems. When you can say to yourself. Remember, anxiety is created by you and just go for a walk, kill your mom to a friend. Yeah I mean like he just he doesn't have the empathy to imagine the other people's and right. He might be worse than that or he's never experienced anything, that's worse than that. So what he's talking about his daily stress right, because he's just so um he's just really not a wise, experienced person he's and he's never looked outside himself. So to me, it's just another. It's just another tweet by a very young, overly me an arrogant person right. Ruddy Jew greedy Jewish Jake, Paul, Thank, You Zach by the way Larry Ellison, who is the seventh richest person in the world and Larry Page who's, the 10th richest person in the world both also Jewish yeah. So that's four out of ten: that's why he just Jewish last name, I, don't know I, don't think Paige is a Jewish last name but I. Just looked it up his his mother's, a Jew. So he's do right, four out of ten. That is pretty well well. What are you making that because they're, probably all based out of California in New York, and so these are the places where it's hard to explain? I, don't know why I don't know why it is but greedy duck is a piece of [ __ ]. That's for sure! That's! A greedy! Do! Michael! Bloomberg is a very greedy person. Yes, what do we not because I'm not saying because he's Jewish I'm just saying yeah? How do you know he's greedy because he has 60 billion dollars? You think you need to be greedy to worth 60 bill. Uh I think you have to to an extent be a little bit greedy to have a billion. Much of less I mean everybody on this list has 50 billion dollars or more yeah I think you do not like to be on that list and no, yes, you would no I would not once you get a taste, it's like you can't stop playing that. Maybe did that sound anti-semite, no, no! No! There's self-hating Jews! Oh then you're hating on those dollars I'm just kidding anyway, just remember anxieties created by you and then when people start trashing him and he was trending on twitter. He clarifies he says what I meant is that your anxiety can build up. If you let it it doesn't just go away. My never does, but there's days when it's like really bad and then there's days when it's not as bad. So if anxiety starts to build up, there are ways to help it chill out again. You're just talking about everyday stress, I mean again he's not he doesn't. He continues here are the ways fellows talk to a friend. You look okay. Well, if I don't have friends exactly then you're really [ __ ]. What if I don't have legs Jake, whatever Fred's or legs, how rude you good, bro and then he continues to. He was actually I'm surprised that people took this so and ran with him because he was like anyone trending, like scam, wasn't trending yeah. But this one dumb comment. He was trying to be like inspirational and helpful, but it just shows what a dump them here's, but anyway, you continues. If y'all don't like my tweet, then y'all don't gotta, listen to it, but it could help some people and it helps me with my anxiety what exactly help. What is it that you said that helps going for a walk over lunk was feeling like [ __ ] today in hella anxiety and hella anxiety, and wanted to put a reminder out there to anyone else who might be having anxiety today, all love he keeps getting clowned. He said everyone climbing my tweet, but it's now spreading more awareness about anxiety, which I didn't even know was a thing till I was 18, but had it my whole life and never knew how to deal with it, if you think you have it or want to deal with it, try reading this Healthline calm had a cope with anxiety, 11, simple ways and went to see a doctor, NOAA listicle cool hell flying calm. Thank you, jack for the medical advice right then. Thank you that video, if you want, when the kid I will get back to that and then actually during this whole tweet storm I realized that he had blocked me. I mean actually I, don't know what I did to deserve that either the show he's a friend of the show, and it feels bad I mean. You said that in our chat last night and you were blocked, I kind of get it you do, I haven't wait a while and I haven't tweeted at him like I, don't ever tweet at him. Do I that he made some some other stupid -. It could have been kind of a Logan. Hasn't blocked me. I'm certainly think that Logan's, actually the cool one Logan, was the one that wanted to punch you in the face when he met you right. Yes, he hasn't blocked me and he's like told you that straight up right. Doesn't he well what he did when ice? Well, I'll tell you what happened. I was there he looked at me. I see he was what everyone makes fun of me, because I apparently tell this story all the time. I haven't talked about this in a long time. So, okay, I, don't remember the story. I saw Logan right after me, and idubbbz made our colorblind video I was at a party at Naches house and Logan Paul notch has on display, like a Rhett, a super bright red sports car, some kind of collectible, antique car and I, who do I, see there Logan Paul next to this bright red car. So I say you know what, instead of this being awkward and pretending like I, don't see him and pretending like we don't see each other I'm, just gonna go say hi to him, so I probably had a drink or two in me. I was like you know what, let's just go say: hi to Logan and and hopefully bury the hatchet and I walk over to him and I'm just I'm just trying to be friendly, I thought he would get a kick out of it. But I said hey Logan. What colors that car and I genuinely I didn't think that I was gonna, be insulting I. Just thought I was I thought he would thought it was cheeky and laugh, and he turned to me- and he goes like this. He looks at me and he's like like that. Huh and- and maybe he was just like- oh I can't believe it's you I wasn't really scared. He was gonna punch me, but he was like yeah man, I've I've daydreamed of what I would say to you. If I ever saw you in person and I said well here, I am. What do you want to say to me- and he said I thought about saying something like your face looks like you have pubes on or something like that, but you're. He goes wait and I. He was humble. He said, but you're too funny and quick, and you would probably say something back huh, so he was he was um. He did say that so I said you know it's all good, dude uh, you know I just want to say hi. Oh, he wouldn't shake my hand. It was weird I. Remember, cuz, we've never like whenever we would meet anyone in person. It's usually just like everyone is able to laugh it off, and then you kind of like cool with each other, but he was like the first and probably the only one that was. You could tell that he's pissed and it was not done. Yeah I was surprised, but I mean it's first time ever happened to me. I put up my hand and he would he refused to shake it. That's what happened. I I put out my hand, said: hey Logan what color's that car, when you turn around I, put out my hand, and he was like, like no nothing to shake your hand with a fist. So I did find you a tweet that I think may have caused the block. Really. It was after the Jake ball against bowling with cody KO, oh wow. This is all like some pretty popular fun. Shootin 75,000 I said Jake Paul. We need to discuss cyber bullying. Also Jake Paul talks is post Malone, whose houses later stuck up at gunpoint, also Jay Paul host party, where girls are drugged, also Jake Paula, brainwashed, kids to sell demarks, also Jay Paul posting softcore porn for 12 year olds. I, don't even remember what sparked this? It's daddy! He went to court Cody Co about. Oh, we called him a bully, yeah yeah, stupid idiot. You had to see this coming, you [, __ ]. Are you gonna call me blubber boy, you [ __ ], [, __ ], my god, what a douche and that's probably, why but I didn't even tag him. I didn't even tag. I just meant like his name: it's fine I'm, not defending him by any means, but I understand why so you think he's just shedding out the haters yeah yeah, okay! Well, he blocked me anyway. I think it's worthy of know. It was funny finding that out, though, because we had put some links to his tweets in our show prep guys he deleted the tweet, what the hell I'm like he's like yeah, because when you click it on your phone, it just says this tweets not available right. Exactly then I went on my computer I'm sure enough, you're blocked. So there you have it I thought Twitter narcs on people just says: you're blocked it's awesome. So if jake has blocked me, congratulations to Jake I've got this whole like statement on the matter. He says at a rally on Saturday the content creator, along with influential friends and around 50 teenagers and tween aged fans, some chaperoned by parents. That's so the irony of being chaperoned by a parent to a to a to a conference that tells you to drop out of school and pay him. $20 is [. __ ] rich launched the financial freedom movement FFM in partnership with Gen Z holdings in the type of three-way yeah female female male financial freedom, movement. Hmm, it's a movement, a movement, it's moving money from your bank. Can you already not wait? We didn't do a Papa cold-open, oh [, __ ]. Anyway. Let me continue. It's there's still time in part. That's true! In partnership with Gen Z Holdings Inc, los angeles-based brand development group targeted at millenials and generation, Z audience Hollywood, Sports, Park, a multi-use outdoor paintball software, pal and BMX venue in Bellflower, California and South East LA County hosted the event which Paul had posted about on his Twitter and Instagram accounts the day before. Writing that why you guys giggling so much I mean there was like 30 people there. Anything I, don't know if it's out yet. Can you guys see if the website stuff doesn't work, hosted the event which Paul had post about on Twitter and Instagram accounts the day before, bringing that education system is worthless, that it teaches kids, zero, real life skills for them to secure their own future? On my platform, which costs 20 dollars a month, well feature curated content from social media influencers and business entrepreneurs, including Paul himself, the Golden Boy, the most knowledgeable businessman alive. Ostensibly it's a how-to guide on how to monetize. In all my presence, stupid, although Paul tell variety is for anybody who wants insight on how to make money from their passion subscriptions also include weekly group video calls with Paul and guest experts. He said, FFM came out of his own experience as a frustrated student and subsequent successes on my personality. Influencer I was like. Why are we sitting in class right now? Learning the quadratic formula when we should be learning about taxes and insurance, you should learn how to tweet a link. Cuz. The link to their website is sommore I used to be dead, said Paul. Although he noted the desire to learn about the latter who didn't come until after he became a full-fledged YouTube celebrity, he has almost 20 million subscribers. Ffm is, according to Paul his chance to use his position as an influence for good Wow. So this is altruistic to empower the next generation of digital entrepreneurs who don't want to necessarily follow the nine-to-five daily grind. Oh did they like not pay for the bandwidth or whatever? Oh you're right it. Just it just started working weird. Let me open it. It takes like two like two minutes to load with join, join FFM, calm, yeah. This website has serious graphic. It just says: passion, okay, the metadata it just says: Jake Paul join FFM, calm it just as Jake Paul. They tell us, go to college, get a job. Let's see. What's that Jake Paul, you may want to take a break and come back until the loads wow. You guys, you know, upgrade your hosting you could it's still not fully loaded just kidding on and dated with traffic. Let me look at his channel. Cuz I mean that swayed with the link is from February 16. No, but that's two days ago, yeah. Let me see if he made it in of YouTube. You know he didn't post anything. Did he tweet anything I mean I, can't look as I'm blocked? Oh no! It's just all about the it's weird -, there's like pictures of all the team. Ten people done all these people like hate him. Now, hotline numbers on his Twitter right now load I, can't load it anyway. I'll continue. He added that the program does not have a set curriculum. The word itself evokes a sense of rigidness. People who sign up will learn how to market themselves the strategies behind going viral and practical tips on how to handle business meetings and even roommates wow dude Wow, which might not, which may which might not be a set of curriculum but sounds very much at least like an informal syllabus shut. The [ __ ] up these people at variety wrote this article just died in a fire on his website. It says you can expect live. Weekly video coaching calls with Jake Paul yeah right. No, can someone like I'd love, dude I would love to get my hands on one of those. So that's what Jay Paul's up to that's a race to the bottom. The winds still not fully loaded and the website is. You want me to pay $20 a month and you don't even have a website. That's functioning I was never even able to get it open. It look at this. This screenshot that I just shared I can't even load it I mean I, can't get anything. You see that yeah, okay! Well, here's the same thing: it's white text on a white background. Has anyone looked at this I? Don't want it. How do I do this without showing our discord? Oh, if you click on the image, it says open, original, yeah, here's the website, just white and then and then, if you highlight you'll, see that they have texted I. Oh my god, I know that, like that's a black hat, SEO method to like plug keywords- and you don't see it but I- don't think that's what they're going for yeah. It doesn't look like it. This looks like it's. Actually, the info they're trying to share did what is going on with your site. Dude I can't even look get on there. Also, apparently the $20 a month. That's disc! That's 50%! Off it's! Oh! Oh, my god! $40 on you before you notice, $40 man, that's after the first month when you can't contact support to cancel their good luck, reaching support the website doesn't even work, yeah, exactly Wow Wow. This is like bro. This is a not a good scan at the bro talk to get a [ __ ] hosting that works $20 a month down at the bottom of the website. There is a letter to the parents, I guess to reassure them. Let me see that look at this a third paragraph in and it's only gonna get worse once robotics, artificial intelligence and other technology. Advancements disrupt the work first dude dick balls yanking anyway. Your this is a total disaster. I came to look at the website, I'm out and then meanwhile, speaking of the Paul brothers race to the bottom, Logan Paul has actually been doing really well. On YouTube and out of curiosity, I went over to his website to his channel to see what he's been up to and you know, look I don't have a problem with him doing whatever he wants. His views have been way up. He started ripping on material I. Don't know when I say ripoff I, don't know, but he's doing like david dobrik style vlogs, like really short tons of jump, cuts, high-intensity and look at this thumbnail. That's four point: five million views I mean I can't do that [, __ ], so I just clicked this one because I know Lana roads like a really famous porn star I was like Lana Rose. So again you all know what his target demographic is. I mean these are eight to I, would say eight to at most 15, probably more like twelve and thirteen-year-olds are watching him in this video. This five minute video you have drinking alcohol, smoking, weed, almost naked porn stars and it's not age restricted. Yet every time I make no. It's not yet. Every time I make a podcast here just sitting here for two hours, talking I always am dealing with the monetization, immature ratings demon and age restrictions. It's like what about what I'm doing for mature my audience is like college aged mature people, I'm sitting here, having a conversation and earnest so I just again, I, don't get it I, don't get. Why I I'm afraid to even show you guys the [ __ ] in here, because um, because I think that it will get our whole to our podcast demonetised for even showing this [ __ ], but you'll have to take my word for it. I've been I've been watching some of those stuff. He has like copyrighted songs in there, like you had a Rolling Stone song in there, yeah I think we know it's not to david dobrik does the same thing. They have some kind of licensing agreement with whoever owns the publishing, which is which is really cool. I'm jealous I want that I really want that. I mean it's just a matter. You just got pay well, I think it has to do with if I had the guests, their agency or their manager. Whoever has some kind of arrangement with whatever label owns all those tracks mm-hmm and they like give their channels some kind of green light, so they don't claim their content, which is awesome. I wish I could get that because it seriously menu, probably cash but I, don't know what that entails. I don't know mm-hmm. If they pay them. I, don't know. My hunch is that they don't even pay for it. I think that these I think they probably just realized that it's good for everybody to play the song, because these kids, probably don't know Rolling Stones, and they hear that song and all of a sudden they care. Why should the Khan yeah other? Oh, you muted, it that was so slick, yeah, they're playing Rolling Stones here and we didn't list this song. So let's just get past this. So this whole video is just him sitting in a car with Lana Rose who's, apparently dating his friend for his birthday. He's like this guy has everything so I'm gonna get him his favorite porn star and now they're, apparently dating and [ __ ], and let's watch this conversation me I. Can't my friend's girlfriend anymore I just can't lost a fan. She said. Why is that I can't jerk off to my friend's girlfriend about me and Mike's porn? Is that happening? We have a sext. You want to know the worst part about all this I'm lying I died last night, I even lied to Josie about it. He asked me if I watched you and I was like no Josie, you Josie the conversations that this is tame compared to what I saw yeah understand how this is an interest rate, but like how am I, how are they clamping down on me? It's like over a course of two hours, of course, I'm gonna, say [ __ ], that, like you, have to use your [ __ ] brain YouTube, I'm here trying to jam it business here in earnest, I'm, you know what it's like: user, [, __, ], prey and they're serving this kid. This [ __ ], the kids. It's getting tons of views, I'm sure it's being recommended, [ __ ], you I'm, so angry but they're like well. He bleeped out the it lived the f-word he jerks off. He bleep down this girl's wearing thongs, yeah porn stars and the thumbnail in the video she's wearing lingerie she's in bed. She wears that kid by the way this one when it got so cringe, I, actually just shut it off. Watch this. What do you think of me, like personally, like aesthetically, I, think it's off it's a race to the bottom. You know it's like it's like yeah. Of course you can get views from kids when you have porn stars and lingerie and all you're talking about snotty sex, stuff and smoking weed and drinking I jerked off to your girlfriend bail. That turns me on yeah. You gotta give it to him. No I'm getting served to ads and stuff I mean you got to give it to him. It's genius they've thought about this. So, like you know how we're gonna get views like, let's get people ring and alanna roads, the most famous porn star in the world get her in here and get her in lingerie pretend that she's [ __ ], my friend I mean they're smoking, giant, ass, [, __, ] joints in this. Exactly it's like a huge like 20 gram, joint legit I mean the dudes getting older. I can understand if he doesn't want to make kids content anymore, I mean I, you know cringy and bad, but I can understand dating older years. Yeah. You don't want to be it well, I mean how old is he 23 yeah I mean he just doesn't want to make content for 12 year olds, anymore, I guess I wouldn't want to. Let's see yeah he's 24 but uh, but I think you're right about the fact that I'm sure his audience still like his audience didn't suddenly shift ooh. You know being much more mature if there was if there was a college-age person actually watching Logan Paul, it's so cringy. Can you even imagine putting that on in college like how embarrassing, maybe some of these kids grew up with them? And now it's been one year it's been one year: who's grown up, nobody's grown up, it's been one year since the suicide forest, or maybe two in the letter to parents on Jake Paul's website, yeah they're, just like. We know that you want the best for your kid and you have all this money saved up for college they're like me, trying to get the parent to pay for this, and it's so shameless. Also the kids have a pitch to the parents and know they're addressing the parent here, because the kid has asked for it, and now the parent is reading this right. It's like kids, show this to your parents. Yeah smart, he's thought of it all, except how to host it. He's even saying you probably already have Netflix or Hulu or Amazon Prime. So much though I'm a day, anomaly I'm in the week I spent on Netflix bro, and it's less he's saying this is better because those don't help the future dude. If you only learn taxes, just google, it there's tons of free resources. You know what I mean like, though here's here's mine, you want Ethan's business and school success advice. You cannot teach anybody anything if they have the actual will and desire to learn and achieve something. They will figure it out and learn it despite whatever it is, they're up against you, just google it and you can lower the [ __ ] you want. You don't need to pay anybody, anything there's so many great free resource. You won't learn how to pay taxes. You want to learn most the other shitty said taxes is so [ __ ] easy you just do it once are just I. Don't know, I mean number that the message is fine. I agree that there's a lot of stuff that the school could teach us but Jake Paul is not gonna. Teach me anything well, I think he's just tapping into that general consent that we all have. It's like I, think really. Just the moralist that you know high school should have like a civics class where they teach you how to pay bills and do taxes and get insurance, and all this [ __ ]. You said, but that shit's really not that complicated, take it from me as an adult. You do it once you figure it out. It's a pain in the ass, it's a chore, but it's not that big of a deal mm-hmm, it's just something you do don't need to pay anyone to learn about it, but that's true of all the business [ __ ], if ty Lopez and all these gurus yeah they prey on people who like when you get really desperate inside you you'll claw into anything and you'll. You look for answers wherever you see them and your desperation visual you. What you're looking for is something that will momentarily satisfy you. These things will take your money. It will make you feel like you've done an action, so you'll feel satisfied, but it will contribute nothing to your long-term success at all. People have anything you're worth now, because you're less money and less time you know I mean if people who really are are destined to succeed. Are people who look beyond don't even see any of that [ __ ]. What they see is their goal. They're motivated and they're. Gonna figure out on their own, how to achieve it, it's within them and nobody else. It's that raw determination and dedication there's nobody that will teach you anything along the way. The only knowledge that matters is stuff. You learn on your own through the act of doing things. That's the only knowledge that matters and has value. You can get advice from people and along the way, once its valve validated through life experience. Maybe it brings on new meaning a new weight, but if you haven't done anything whatever anybody's telling you is worthless, the only knowledge and experience, that's valuable is things that you go out and do yourself. Nobody can pay. You do that. Nobody can you can't pay anybody, nobody can help. You do that you they're gonna, do it or you're not gonna, do it and nothing anybody says it's gonna motivate! You is going to energize you you either just are gonna, do it or you're, not that's it! That's how I feel you're just you're gonna. Do it or you're not gonna? Do it and everybody else who's just trying to tell you what to do is just scamming. You yeah they're, just stealing your money. What dan is that pretty much I agree? Thank you knowledge, and that implies to every one of these guys. I'm talking Tim Robbins, ty, Lopez, Jake, Paul, [, __, ], Oprah I, don't care who it is nobody anything anybody tells you is worthless compared to your own experience of just trying to do something anything! That's it! That's my take. Are you throwing our boy Tim Robbins under the bus like that, tomorrow's it [ __, ], weirdo and I like this Tony Robbins is a weirdo yeah. So that's Ethan's been in a school of business and you don't have to pay me anything for support team Raghav. The upward Tim Robbins man did him dirty yeah Tim Robb was a good guy. I meant Tony, Robbins I, don't know if Tim Robbins, the guy, he might be a piece of [ __, ] - I, don't good actor good actor I'll give him that for sure he's ever been in the pizza category. He is not not been in the key. Well, that's it! Then! So! That's it! That's all I've got that's it. That's the whole shebang. We didn't go in two hours. My do ruffle since we're gonna have like ten edits. Well, thank you guys so much. Today's Tuesday we'll be joined on Friday by PewDiePie. Looking forward to that. Looking forward to that, and so hopefully you'll join us, then on Friday and until then I hope you have a fantastic week. I hope you have a great week, I hope you're, watching the debates on Wednesday, your boy, Bloomberg, Bloomberg, I'm excited it's gonna, be maker, break he's gonna, just suck or he's gonna. Even if he's okay I feel like that's enough, that's hey, you're, probably gonna hate him. You think so. 810 [Music].