[Music] I've never seen the likes of which a drama has has totally destroyed and burned a man alive. A hundred and three thousand loss and one day I've never seen anything like it and we may never see anything of the likes of which again James Charles is in a career crisis right now, and the controversy surrounding him shows no signs of slowing down, there's so much going on with James Charles right now that I do not support that I do not agree with James charge the biggest oopsie of 2019. This is like nothing. We've ever seen before since Friday James Charles easily one of the largest creators on this or many other platform he has lost almost and by the time this video goes up, may have lost more than three million subscribers. The makeup of my daughter's in love was she watches this makeup on tube and now he's been canceled I've, never seen anything like it and we may never see anything of the likes of which again [Music] welcome everybody to the h3 podcast experience. I want to give my biggest congratulations possible to James Charles for being the all time. Sub lost champion, the coveted title and Crown goes to James Charles and my condolences to projared, who held it only for like two minutes as I was live last week. Doing this podcast. Not only did he lose this hablas championship, but he embarrassed me in the process. Okay, whatever the drama he's been through, he embarrassed me. That's the worst crime imaginable, because during live during that podcast we're like wow, we will never see the length of which, again literally two minutes later, James Charles had to come dunk on him and lost like over a million well over a million in one day, so fantastic beautiful shout out to both of them. This was a really exciting drama. Olympics 2019 that I'm very excited very happy to bring to you guys today on this blessed Friday. Thank you to our sponsors, honey, quip and stitch fix, and now let us get into the headline story here: James Charles boy I've been following this one closer than I should and I've spent so much time on this that it's embarrassing and frankly, I wish you got the time back, but that's not how time works. Sadly, time is finite and we as humans can only spend it. You know one time, there's no refund on time time, one time at a time baby so but I have made a purchase with my time and I bring to you the explanation of James Charles, because when I first found it most of these dramas there's a clear cause. You know there's a clear cause and reason and it's easy to understand: Logan Paul suicide. For us he went into suicide forest and took pictures with a corpse. Okay, yeah, that's awful! You know: projared cheetah's wife sent dick pics underage girls that guy sucks James Charles was weird because the reaction was so strong. The reaction was insane, it was so severe, but it was so hard understand what he did, and so myself and a lot of other people were just like what the hell is going on here. What am I missing right, so I want to break it down. I want to explain it. I want to tell you what's going on now. The first thing I want to tell you guys is what is T and why has it spelled? I love that now there's a expression in the beauty community. They say they call drama, spilling tea, which is so much better than drama or exposing or the other words spilling tea. You like it I like it. He was in it she's in it she's a drama queen baby, spilling that tea, I, guess because it's like you're sitting there with a tea cup and it's like I spilled my tea [ __, ], I'm gonna kill you because another thing I learned is that the I thought the commentary community was bad. These drama communities is cutthroat. These [ __ ] kill these [ __ ] are a they slay I mean they are crazy. These girls are crazy, I, actually think dude. When girls fight it's like nuclear bro. That's true. You know like like this true commentaries, like the guys version, yeah, dudes hustle, but girls, [, __, ] skill. They are scary and James Charles. He calls his community sisters hi Chester dude. We don't have somebody that do it. So here we go taught to you by the way, since this has begun. Tati is the so-called mentor of James Charles. Who was started? It was the one that exposed who spilled the tea. Initially she is his self-proclaimed mentor and also mother she's refers, he says, she's a son to me. She kept saying throughout her initial video by sister she's 37 years old James Charles is 19, so there is kind of a mother, maternal relationship there. What makes it all the more brutal when she started to [ __ ] bury him and tap dance on his grave. She decided to compost his body. Dude I had a wonderful that make ups by the grave biodegradable because she buried that mother effer. She gained four million subscribers since seven days ago, when this started and James has lost three million. She went from like five actually I think must be more than four because she went from like five million subs to over ten now so she took the three with some change. Oh yeah, she picked up a couple on the way with interest. Yeah James has tumbled severely. So what the hell happened. Okay, so Tati she sells vitamins. She developed some vitamin for like skin cannon and her hair and nails and James is a good friends, a friend of hers, um and so James goes on his Instagram and he promotes one of her competitors. It starts with this video. This is what pissed her off. This channel is called uh just for the record tea spill, legend there's like a whole drama community and they all have tea in the title tea spilled. How is this dramaalert like as a name because yeah, it's more clever, they've thought about it, a little more, but when I think of like tea time or spill, the tea I just think of this Kermit, the Frog name, you know which I love by the way. It's like this. This is billing, the tea so good, so anyway, I sisters, so she had she makes she develops vitamins, she sells them, and so he walked with a competitor. Here's the video that started it all the powder keg take him out and get me claimed here. Please the seat. It's like okay, it's I want to tape the tape. You know thing I notice, that all these tea channels use the Yoshi theme song and one I, don't know how they don't all get claimed and do how the hell did they all end up using the yesterday thirties. We can bet you none of them even play sisters security, because it was crazy and tendo's about to spill the tea on all this community. They claim all the [ __ ]. They actually should listen, I'm [, __ ]. It's not that I'm, just saying just play it from here: ela helped him out with security, but they just came out with a brand new vegan sleep vitamins and, first of all, it's Obama, but most importantly, I've been dealing with a lot of anxiety recently and it always comes late at night when I'm laying in bed thinking which is not fun or fresh um, so I've been taking these versions of this before bed and they've been really really healthy. So if you guys want to check it out, you can swipe up okay, so he basically promoted their sleeping vitamins, so they helped him with security at Coachella. For some reason, I guess he wasn't prepared for the madness that was gonna happen there he shut up then, but then he did um tag this as ad yeah I, don't believe I, don't believe he wasn't saying. James Charles probably makes a lot of money for one of these spots. He says you want to pay whatever it doesn't matter. She gave him a shout-out whether he was paid or not doesn't really matter yeah, but sugar bear hair, I, guess they're super popular like these little gummy vitamins that everyone's [ __ ] around with on Instagram, you chew. It apparently make sure hair and nails better. It sounds like snake oil to me, probably just a normal ass vitamin that you can buy anywhere like a multivitamin that they rebrand they just branded. It really genius Lee. You know it's like a gummy bear. It's got a cool package right, but they charge like and they're like it's a forty bucks. You get one per day, yeah, you know, I think you have to keep buying it every month because you're like oh, maybe it is working, but just a multivitamin I think what the [ __ ] do. I know anyway, that's it so she super upset Yetta Yetta Yetta. Why are all these people selling vitamins I? Don't know these there's huge Webster, huge disclaimers on their website and tatties website. It says not evaluated by the FDA I, don't know, I, don't know. What's her Tottie's credentials to be making vitamins I, don't know anything about her. This is all new that whole industry. Is it gripped honestly, all those vitamin things. That's why how it's Jones sells vitamins - yeah like she has a Kiwi of vitamin. It's Kiwi extract, I, don't know, I'll lead a Kiwi, exactly probably healthier, so so much here, I, don't really see. What's the big deal, even if selling the competitor I mean like it's enough room and there's enough space in the world, for everybody I mean that was my initial feeling that big of a deal so uh well here letting ahead of myself I, don't know why? Don't I have a link to her video of her crying on insta time dude. They didn't research because I write off the way you post this video on Instagram I, feel really lost and I feel in my community, especially like I feel really lonely and through this whole journey of you, I feel like I have been someone who's been super supportive to my friends and it's been really crap to feel like I'm. Not you should do things to get support, but, like you know, let's just support one another, that's how it should be- and you know I just I'm having one of those days where it's like smacked in my face of what's what and having to take a look at things and realize what they are and not wanting to realize what they are when you do so much for people in your life and they not only don't return the favor, but they just don't even see you like I'm, just so upset I feel really used and that's the bad part of Hollywood welcome to business [Laughter], okay, so here she's talking this is in response. James yeah promoting the gummy bear vitamin. It seems like I mean I, don't know I'm not in it, but it seems like a lot to again there's enough space in the whole world for ya. Also, he promoted their sleeping vitamin. He didn't promote their hair vitamin right so, but she doesn't sell it. Her beauty, products called halo, beauty, I believe, but the thing is that to make a video of you crying like that, yeah, what what's up with this photo there's something there's something there's something going on here, but okay! Well, this is her website. She makes these supplements. One is a beaut F, hair, skin and nail booster on the other, was heah kiwi skin booster. So it's 30 bucks and forty bucks. It's a month supply you keep buying them right down here. It says these statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Our product is not intended to diagnose, treat or cure or prevent any disease. The nutritional information expressed by hello beauty is not intended as a substitute for medical advice if you are pregnant and or what the hell but I don't know. If this is like a normal thing, there you'll find on anything well yeah and it is clear yeah any snake oil, any even just I- think most multivitamins aren't evaluated like I think this is pretty standard like you're, going to G&amp;C, like all of those all the [ __ ] they sell in. There is gonna, have the same warning label. Well, regardless we it's just a vitamin yeah. So anyway, yeah I, don't know. If I should wait for you to keep presenting what happened. Sure, let's, let's let's keep going, you can jump in so she is upset. She goes at. People suspect that it's in response to him and then he actually I guess confirming it. She said everybody says what they need to say and use as soon as they need to use and I've had enough. It's not right so James, Charles, I, guess having realized that she was talking about him posted a story. I guess she thought that wasn't juicy enough. It was all in the stories right. She wants two doors yeah, the first right at all and Instagram stories. These aren't impermanent. These are not. This is like the least serious way to address anything because I want the public Paul apologized to my close friend Tati. She has been like a mother to me since the first days in this industry and has given me more love, support and resources and advice than I could ever ask? What do you call when you kill your own child infant to siyul, infant side and facade? This is cheb in facade this weekend. I did an Instagram story for sleeping vitamin that I've been taking, because the brand help me with security when the crowd around me at Coachella became unsafe. I did not accept any money for the post. As you know, tatsi has a vitamin brand they take on a daily basis, but in the moment I did not think about the competition, which was a major oversight. I've supported toddy, both online I found like she has done for me and I am devastated. That I heard someone that I, truly love and have endless respect for seems fine. Yeah I saw people were mad that he didn't mention her company by name I, don't know what people care that much. Do you not understand that you're all being grifted, like she's, just selling you item ins for 40 bucks? You can't be so insecure by your company. Alright. If the product is good, it will perform. You know right and a little tiny shout-out would be enough. You don't have to like squeeze your friends for like okay, the shower. Wasn't it it's like a jealous girlfriend who, like doesn't let you like talk to other women ever so that's kind of the vibe I'm getting? Is that I just don't understand why she's so insecure about her product? Essentially yeah like you like you, said either, but again, I mean everybody has taught ease back I'm gonna. Warn you all right now, I am critical of Tati, and so, if that's too much for you I think I lay it out. I've got some good compelling arguments here. I would like you to listen and not abandon ship. Okay, I'm, not a Tati, hater I'm, just an objective outside, doesn't know anything about either of these two creators and I'm, giving you my two cents, because that's what I do, because this shows called my two cents. Isn't it? Oh, my -: seventy thin-client I'm changing the name: okay, my two cents or, if I'm, not the Pope, so yeah yeah anyway. This leads to her explosive video called bye sister, which is a 40 minute long rant about James Charles, where she goes on. Well, here's her main points I mean it's a long mother, effing video boy, I, invested I watched this video 40 minutes long good. Oh man, it's hard to listen to I'm, not gonna lie. Apparently she made it also because someone else kind of publicly I said I've made that Instagram story. There was another beauty queen friend of James I, guess I, don't know who had called her out being like [ __ ]. Don't you cry on? Don't you go on Instagram, crying [, __, ] and like because they're all insane, cutthroat, crazy, they've all got poisoned, tip daggers and so she's, like oh I'm, not having my name dragged [, __ ] I made you and I will destroy you she's dead in her mind, and so she went off Yas Queen, bye sisters, so, in short, she basically is mad that he promoted her competitor. She thinks he's a douche, she thinks he's immature and he has a history of pursuing straight men too aggressively. Those were her main grievances, but she goes in pretty deep, like she talks about how she went to dinner with his family, and she was talking about how he was talking super inappropriately about like [, __, ] and sexual stuff in front of his own mom and dad and that they were uncomfortable. But I was like when I heard that I'm like dude, that's a private moment between his family and you were there as a guest I. Don't really think that that's a fair and also it's like you're choosing to surround yourself with his people. If you don't like him, why are you hanging out with him well I see her point is that he got progressively worse as we came more famous okay, so this is by society star privately yeah like who I yeah, just a just to you know what he was factual about. This I believe it was her birthday party. So no, no, that's two separate about that was those different in yes, okay, so her birthday party, that was when he was hitting on the waiter and she had to apologize to call everyone the next day and apologize. This was a separate event when she was eating dinner visiting with his parents. She went over to his house. His parents house I met his parents. I didn't use that against him, yikes, that's kind of [, __, ], yeah I. Remember she was like there's a big deal that she was going to meet his parents, so that that rubbed me wrong. To be honest with you, there was other really well to me. It's like you're 37 and he's 19 he's a kid who got famous really quickly and super rich and he's a kid. So he's gonna do stupid, [, __, ] and you're 37 and you're obviously way more mature than him. Supposedly it should be so yeah. Maybe you shouldn't hang out with him cuz. It's gonna do dumb [ __ ] that you you're like way past. You know right right, I mean and then so. That's something really important to bear in mind is that she's 37 he's just turned 19 and so, and they are always both talking about that he's. A mother she's a child- and you know this so that relationship really for me makes this even worse for her, because if she really has this maternal instinct for him, it's so [ __ ] up that she like bear like she. Her goal is to destroy him because she airs every grievance everything she goes all out and like stuff like private [, __ ] like meeting his parents and saying he was inappropriate, I mean there was other stuff I can't work. All that rubbed me wrong, but I have first. Let me I have let me I have a list here of stuff I'ma start and from the beginning. It rubbed me wrong and I'll tell you why she starts by showing pretty much a compilation of time. She shouted him out and helped him that's how the video opens I'm gonna play for you now. James is here to do my Bridal makeup, which is what I am wearing right now. Instagram I want to say huge congratulations to James Charles. If you have not checked his channel out on YouTube and you want to be inspired, he's a freaking teenager and he's like a genius with mica James Charles is the face of their holiday collection. I remember what I wanted to say is that she goes in her video she's. Like he's so immature, you know when I met him, he was kind of immature, but I was hoping he would grow up along the way, but I can see he has it. So what she's saying is he was like 17 when I met him and now he's 19 and he hasn't matured. Yet yeah, hello, listen yourself! He's a child! Dude God do a really cool I do want to say we're not here to just defend James weed, oh I'm, going in yeah. We haven't expressed any opinion about him. Yet no I'm going in on everybody is that this is my two cents and you know how we do I'm just gonna. Do the Tati Parker. Thank you trust me, I! Don't like either of these people. You're gonna, hear about it here on my two cents to try this palette. We are going to be taking a first look at the new morphe palette, hello, I, love, it sorry, James I'm, the friend. That's encouraging you guys to use code James for 10% off of saving. You can use buddies, come use! You know James's code I, don't worry my sisters apparel, yes, okay, so she has compiled every time. She's ever helped to promote him and the presumption I guess being that he is never reciprocated or not reciprocated enough. But again, the whole kind of premise of this video for me hinges on the fact that she's done so many nice things for him. Mm-Hmm and she's done it with the expectation that he would do her favors back, and so that's not really. That's not really. Why will you do favors right? You shouldn't do favors with the expectation that they'll one day be returned you're, not the Godfather or I guess in her. In her case, she does think of herself. As the godmother I almost felt she cited as an investment didn't paid off right. It's like this. Kid is blowing up once he pays it back to me. You know it's gonna be huge. Well, she collected her debt she's, the godmother, so that part already rubbed me wrong. It's like okay, you're gonna, start by showing me all the nice things you've ever done for him and then here this part she goes. She says you should never minimize other people's pain. She says Oh Dan I never got the clip from you. They're all give it to you right now, yeah just put it in discord orbit. You can put it right here where it says source needed, so she contradicts herself in a really awful way. I think she says. Let me show you. She says you should never minimize people's pain as she defends herself by name. It really minimized. My feelings, it's a horrible thing to tell a person like hey, it's sunshiny outside, don't feel bad about whatever you're going through and I always like to tell people pain, is pain and yeah. At some point you have to feel it express it. So her point I, guess she's defending herself against that one guy who's like [, __ ], you shouldn't be making a video on Instagram, crying and she's. Saying well, pain is pain. We all experience the pain if I'm feeling it it's real, no matter how petty or stupid you think it is pain, painting you should never minimize someone else's suffering. She says that in an attempt to defend herself, but yet later in the video when she goes off on on James, she says this and let me quote you: it seems very good. It's just really funny that we didn't end up collabing until it was in his favor, so he was popping off online about exposing the beauty community and doing a docu-series and I was like know how entitled do you have to be to think that you have it rough? You are a 19 year old millionaire. Is that her minimizing his bank- and you know, stress, Howard about how unfair your job is like? How are you going to tell him he doesn't get to wake up and stress out about unfair. His job is when you start, the video by talking about pain, is pain, and how dare you minimize my pain, I mean you're literally doing that she's also pointing out she's, saying you're 19 and a millionaire think about it for a second. That's gotta be really like that messes with your head, that's a source of great stress. We always talk about like what would we have done if we got you know our success at 19 and not like, because we were like we got it. Maybe at 29, not 19 right so and I have no idea. I would have been cringy. Probably, oh, my goodness, I was already cringy at 19. I didn't need money, oh yeah exacerbate the problem and like people worshipping me, you know what I mean God, if only he had a mother mother figure to help him sort through his issues. You know she said she kept reaching out to sort to him, but he was unavailable whatever so I'm gonna, [, __, ] fairy and that's the solution. Yeah move on with your life, you're 37 someone's got to grow up here to me also, she keeps talking about how like there you go. This is the show business people are here to get each other and it's like not necessarily. We meet a lot of people from our industry, whatever it is, that are nice that are generous. That will help us. So you got to choose who you surround yourself with? If someone is being douche or you know, you don't like the vibe, you just I, just miss my sister, that's true I would say a hundred percent. Almost of all the people we've met have been right, I'm, a really sweet charitable yeah. Once in a while, you feel you meet someone and you feel, like you know what I felt um I, hang it out with that person. If you like this person, you use me, but are you gonna, go and make a video about that? Oh, no, maybe I will now that I've seen the numbers she got. Who can I expose spill the tea yeah, who can I spill? The tea on I was thinking that I was like. Damn who can I expose. I saw this [ __ ] exposed pose from one would be pretty hot. I have nothing to expose well make sure you know I mean I'll, make [ __ ] up about him. What can lie about him for 40 million views, mmm 50 million views that would backfire on me. Everyone would abandon me posts. Malone made me drink Bud Lights, even though I was don't like Bud Light I like but original to be like the lamest [ __ ] he didn't have, but original and I felt abused. Yeah I I find that stereotype about Hollywood's so stupid, like I, everyone I know here in LA is fantastic. It is, will you make it and I've gone to these parties right or it's like these scenes? And you see all these fake, lame-ass people yeah and those are the last people I would want to hang out with because they're so transparent. It's so obvious when you see girls and tight dresses, just looking for a rich guy to [ __ ], it's like hello, you are blind or stupid or or in denial to not see that for what is- and you see the guys cruising around with, like Gucci shirts and Fendi, trying to look like they're actually rich when they're not or whatever it's like everything is so transparent and you're, not a genius to spot it right. When you see it so I mean you can surround yourself with whoever you want yes to be surrounded with. If you go to a party like that, and you choose to go back, then okay, I guess you're into it. You know, what's the biggest signal that she's a phony look, how many drawers she has wow. So true, what bro there's like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 7, one two, three, four, there's like five six rows: six times: seven! That's like 42 drawers just in sight, then in the absorbable you know it is. How do you even know? What's in each drawer? Let's say like: how would you a librarian here, like you, don't need that many drawers immiscibility on you, [ __ ] people are gonna, be so mad, but you're know I'm right, but that thing about saying, don't minimize my pain and then calling saying that he doesn't have any right to complain because he's a nitro millionaire, its total BS and anyone who's watching. This knows that I'm right we have to take a break I guess Dan yeah we're a minute away from the 30 minute mark. So so we've got much more obviously I'm only at the tip of the iceberg here. So let's take a break we'll be right back. This is the H Street podcast Ethan, given his two cents. Let's talk about something we can all agree on saving money. The reality is if you're not shopping around you're, probably not saving money. So what if there was a way for somebody to do the shopping around for you? Well, that's exactly like honey. Does. What honey does I use a free tool that you download to your computer's browser while you shop online, honey scans, the internet for coupon codes and other discounts that are automatically applied when you're at checkout has a coupon, and it gives you the biggest savings to your cart at checkout like magic. It works on over 20,000 sites like Amazon Nordstrom's, J snooze, as I heard, our designer call it and I can be Best. Buy Target, you called it. Jase knows: mmm-hmm. Oh [, __, ], I, yeah I thought you made that up. No, that was all you huh. Damn you, oh, you know, always comes up with the spiciest little morsels J snooze, instead of taking my word for it. Listen to what actual users have to say about honey, five stars, the very first day, I use this I save ten bucks on Amazon and then another thirty bucks on a subscription service. I couldn't stop using this service if I tried, Thank, You, h2 h3 and thank you honey. That is from a real h3h3 person on the core store. Here's another one, just saved $81, amazing shout-out to h2 h3 I. Don't keep many browsers extensions anymore, but honey is legit. I'll find the best price on stuff. You already buy. Look there's really no reason not to use honey. It's free to use easy to install your computer and just two clicks and don't take it from me. Take it from our listeners, get honey for free at join honey, calm, /, h3, that's join honey, Doug, um, /, h3, honey, the smart shopping assistant. That saves you time and money. Look you probably care about your mouth and if you don't I, don't know what to tell you. This commercial is not for you, but life isn't for you. If you don't care about your teeth, because guess what you're not gonna, get friends? You're, not gonna, get a date. You're, probably not gonna, be able to look at yourself in the mouth, because your mouth, your teeth, is the most important thing about your face and about your personal life, because your breath got to smell good, your teeth got a shine. You got up B, you're, beautiful, most whole self. You can imagine, and that's why I love quit, because a toothbrush should be an extension of your arm too much. It should be an extension of your arm like a samurai sword. I love quip. It's got the softest Brussels in the game. It starts at a reasonable price of $25 and it's got the vibrating power of a much more expensive toothbrush. It's a vibrating, little tube okay. This was featured in Time magazine and goop magazine is one of the best inventions of all time. Why? Because it vibrates- and it tells you it pulsates when it's time to switch to the other side, to make sure you get that perfect, beautiful dentist recommended brush. What is it like two minutes or something that every minute tells you to switch sides? It's the saltiest bristles is the bomb-ass brush in the game. It's such a convenient little package, I live and die by my quick electric toothbrush. I wouldn't use any other toothbrush, and this is a guy coming. I'm mouth obsessed, I've, searched high and low for the best toothbrush in the game, and qyp has got you covered and you can also get some ass to play with the back end of it. Two multi-purpose just saying: are you I wouldn't buy a separate one for that, because you don't want to use both your hands. That's that's just my opinion. Quip is worth it give it a shot. You got nothing to lose. I love, quip. We've got over 1 million, happy healthy mouths that also love it too. They started just 25 bucks. You go to get quip comm /h through right. Now you get a first refill pack free it's this top and a some toothpaste. It's free baby! That's your first refill pack for you at GE, tqu, IP, comm, /h, 3. It's time to transform your mouth. If you're, a guy like me and most dudes I know you don't have time to shop. First of all, - you don't like shopping at 3. Even when you go job, but you don't know what to buy because, let's face it, we don't I, don't have taste I, don't know what I'm doing right, but you want to look good. You want to look presentable, so here's the solution, stitch fixed citrus, is an online personal styling service that delivers your favorite clothing brands right to your door to get started. You go to stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3, answer, some questions about your preferred style and your shopping. Your personal shopper will ship you a box of clothes, shoes and accessories. You tell them your budget, you tell them your style, your taste and everything and you've got a stylish that goes to the work. Picking out the perfect dream outfit for you, but here's where it's really great is that there's no commitment required and you only pay for what you keep. Shipping exchanges and returns are always free, so essentially you're. Turning your home into your own private super convenient fitting room plus the $20 styling fee is automatically applied toward anything. You keep from the box. You'll never have to think about looking good again with stitch fix, so get started today at stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3 to get and get 25% off. When you keep everything in your box, that's stitch, fix, calm, slash, a stitch fix, calm, slash, h3, welcome back to my two cents, starring Ethan and yella Klein. Now I was listening. All my grievances with Tati and my other one is that she's like she's, got this big important video about James Charles, but she still happens to squeeze her Lincoln sloppily above the fault like her beauty like I. Don't even remember if it was there in the beginning, if she just put it up after it started going like mega viral, it may have been there from beginning. Not that makes it better, but she knew was gonna, get a ton of views halo before and after this is the hardest video I've ever had to make halo before and after photos are here: okay, Wow, that's convincing! What is it is this medicine? Is it some kind of trick? No, it's a vitamin bro before and after key week now I might be. I might be a cynical [, __ ] I mean I, am cynical, [ __ ], that's not, but what is in question is: can a multivitamin clear, your skin I? Don't think so? I, don't if it was that easy dermatology wouldn't exist as a practice. You know what I'm saying I don't know, but here you have it one way or the other. You know get halo, calm whatever, but she sloppily, you know, throws that in there and she spent a lot of time in this forty minute. Video talking about her product too. By the way yeah I was like whoa she's, really plugging it and to me it seemed like if there is anything really serious here to talk about. It was all day out of stuff, with James kind of like forcing himself on straight dudes, yeah and I have compiled all of the evidence of that, but basically I think what she didn't want to do is I think she was strategic because she just wanted to open the lid enough to be like. Oh, she went there yeah, but but the accusations and the evidence is so circumstantial and unsupported. I'm, substantiated, that it wouldn't be a good look for her to go into it, but she was like well at the waiter at the restaurant of my birthday. He was so inappropriate and he was so hitting on him and you need to respect straight guys, sexuality and all that okay, fine, but that was the most serious claim, but you do me at least well, yeah and so and I agree. There's a lot of serious stuff there that I'm gonna explore thoroughly that we're gonna get into when I'm done slamming on this tatty can I, say Tata to Tata, Tata sisters and then finally she starts. She goes in, coincidentally on James Charles right as people started. Turning on him like he was just started, all the sudden losing subscribers for three days before she decided want me to make this video people started getting angry at him, because he was doing like a $600 VIP fan meetup, which is like the douchiest thing ever obviously, and he also got invited to the Met Gala, which I guess a lot of people were angry about because they thought he wasn't worthy or oh right. You wrote something here: I first met gala. Thank you. So much for YouTube for inviting me being invited to such an important event like the ball. Is such an honor and a step forward in the right direction for influencer representation and media and I am so excited to be a catalyst influencer yeah, an influencer representation. Like he's a marginalized group, well, I wonder why people don't take youtuber, serious James? Maybe you can tell me more about why people don't take youtubers seriously by the way. Can you tell me more about your nipple holes here? Are those nipple holes ela, so not a lion -? It is nipples but they're, but but yeah you're right they're not even qualify. You gotta work on your nipple game Dyke anyway. What's I, don't know? What's this outfit I don't know he's like it was my item and designer everybody was dressed great yeah, the bandana he's like a gay, [, __, ] I mean and so legitimate designer and put it together. Alexander Wang yeah Wang, it's a Wang original Alexander Wang. The bold move on the gay crypt look what's up, homie James Charles be like. What's up homie, so it seemed a little opportunistic to be like. Oh now is the perfect time people are ready to slam she smelled blood in the water and it's time for the mommy to bury this baby. It's time for mommy to abort this fetus. You know what I'm saying we're in the ninth term, we're in the seventh term and it's time to abort this fetus yeah. This was a late term, abortion for sure on the part of fatty. Don't you agree, tragic, tragic loss of life. So all that being said, James is definitely a douchebag for all the reasons she pointed out and I'm, not defending him, as he looked said, thank you for saying that earlier, because it's from porn for google, no did I hate. Everybody involved. I want to go. I want to go further into why he actually deserves what was coming to him and again, the most serious claims against James. That I can tell besides him being a douche or a bad friend or whatever is that he seems to go after straight guys. Aggressive bordering on predatory, apparently and you'll see this in a lot of his videos. He has a fetish for straight guys, which in itself is weird because that's like the the undertone under texts of that is, is predatory in itself, because you're you're trying to convince somebody that by default is not interested in you yeah. It's got don't like, like you're, not gonna, be able to resist me right kind of thing, she's, weird! Well, it's also kind of rapey to be honest because I'm, not gay and that's the challenge, especially when you add to the factors the fact that he's famous and right, if he does that to someone who's fan of his it's extra. You know it's abusive power right. So here, I've compiled a bunch of evidence must go through. It is James Charles, a predator, let's find out. These are all anecdotes of people again, so the the Valletta. The validity has not been corroborated on most of these, but there's a lot of it. So it does paint a picture all right of a pair of a person right when I met James Charles two years ago in a hotel room at playlist. He was not only rude as [ __ ], but he was visibly trying to get one of his intoxicated straight friends to cuddle with him to the point where his friends had to say: James [, __, ], stop, nothing has changed, you know and you you almost can get away with it him because it's like oh I'm, just James, Charles I'm, just [ __ ] around. But if there's someone coming on man or women coming on to you that so hard and aggressive and non-stop to the point, you have to physically push them off. You and say: stop you know, that's too much. You know now. Apparently this guy actually has a picture of him in a hotel room with him. Then. So it is somewhat corroborated by evidence, but this kind of stuff isn't that hard to believe here's more. Let's continue, do you mean receipts yeah? It had what that's the other thing to say. They say with receipts. Tea was spilled with receipts. These girls have their own language. Man, it's fantastic I, never talked about it out of fear of him coming for me, but after the video Tati posted villach, it's finally time for people to know the [ __ ] he's been done throughout the years. Alright, thank you, Anthony for coming out very brave. There was that's it. That's all I have there's. An ex saga is flirting with married men. Let's see here, oh so he's just cold Danning dudes. By the way, this is freaking weird. He just DMS dudes on Twitter who, following my guess, who are like attractive straight guys, and he goes. He goes oh wow, you're, so hot and then the guy responds obviously trying to make a point. My wife is so hot and he says you could have just accepted the compliment. Ha ha ha ha ha ha have a lovely day. It's not like the ultimate like that's like the cat. Calling your I'm just complicating just accept the compliment. Yeah kind of douchey right, pretty douchey, yeah girly, she might just smile yeah yeah, said I. Take it more of a compliment when someone says nice things about my marriage and my wife, but thanks anyway, I guess this guy knew the score mm-hmm again. These are just a lot of little evidence. It gets worse, there's more serious accusations more to fallout. Now. This one is very serious, so this guy claims he says uh. He says that he was sent unsolicited news when he was 17 by James Charles, there's no evidence other than this okay, so this is very I mean this is what pro Jarrod got. Moy did for again, there's no hard proof, but he says I don't have the screenshots I wish I did after taking after talking for a little over a week, he sent unsolicited nudes and asked for them in return, I told him no and he uh nad. Admittedly, after that it was clear what he wanted from me and now I have him blocked on everything that was him. Having a conversation, one of these tea spill, tea series, TV series, good hello, that should be my drama name so again, I'm, not it's just a lot of this. It's hard to know. What's real and what's not, but it paints a picture. This guy says he went to high school with James Charles and James tells catfish the entire soccer team in high school, pretending to be a girl, so it could get dick pics so glad to know he's still predatory. Apparently he pretended to be a young girl and was I. Don't know you gonna have to read between the lines there. This is all the evidence that I'm just trying to show you guys everything. We've got so weird, so we're done. They both like him and Jared kind of had the same behavior going on, but well Jared's, yeah I, don't know it's hard to tell Jarrett is way older right, I mean Jared's, a old guy and Jared's there's so much more proof. I mean you got. The dick fix. I saw I'd looked even more after we dinner in that episode and there's awesomes worse stuff, like he had a secret sex blog called sin Jared, where he had his fans, who he had kind of brought in on this world of his submitting nudes many of them underage, and he called them his little sins. James Charles swept the whole projared thing under the rug, but Pro Jared's done I mean that guy's [, __ ] done done done. Tata said Tata Tata said Tata to projared and Jim strolls. So he's always he's known for always saying [ __ ] like this attractive straight boys, will be the death of me. You know he knows, he's got a problem he's trying to make a joke about it. What can't you just [, __ ] dudes, who want to [ __ ] you, you know what I mean. Why are you going after straight guys? Go after a guy that actually wants to be what is so exciting to you about someone that doesn't and so yeah it is it matter. It is totally a power thing. It's like there's a like a sect of porn that people like [, __ ], where the girl looks like she hates it. That's what this is you're like, manipulating someone into doing something they don't want to do. Mm-Hmm, James, Charles! Let's continue! It's us! There's someone I'm! Sorry, you guys, but I just got to show you everything there is so we can draw a real conclusion. I mean I, put so much work into this. You guys come on I, don't wanna! Do a story time! Video about one great boy, I've had some crazy experiences with without outing him. Of course, I'll get whatever keep clicking next straight boys are the most confusing and deceiving people you all stink, bro. You said they're straight it's right there, man straight boys, are confusing and deceiving no straight boys. They don't want. Do your dick Danny wants dick in anyone's mouth period straight love that, for you that's easy either straight straight. He wants a boy who's! Fair! Want that, for you that's easy. You told me that you have turned out straight guys. It elaborate on that, because you are famous celebrity and you do. You do live in Hollywood push his emotions onto me to kind of guilt me into juror. Ok, it's a running motif. Even before all this [ __ ] happened. Yeah! Stop doing that. Obviously, now I, don't know why the F this one is so freakin blurry when you're drunk the truth, dis, oh, but this was a part of a larger conversation. This one really rubbed me wrong. He says he's having an argument with some guy I guess he was friends with when you're drunk the truth always comes out, so not always, but I just want did to make sure we split on good terms. Charles says: James Charles, yes, always you're, not straight, no matter how many times you tell yourself and I hope you figure that out sooner rather than later, I know we didn't spoil in good terms, he's trying to convince this. Guy he's gay. You are not straight, no matter how many times you tell yourself and I hope you figure that out sooner than later, can you just [ __ ] a street, a gay dude, no man, weird Jeffrey star by the way tweeted this and erased it. There is a reason that Nathan that's his boyfriend, her husband banned James from ever coming over to our home again, there's a reason why I haven't seen him since glam life gurus birthday in February. He is a danger to society. Everything tat he said is 100%. True, he's a danger to society. It's pretty rough! What the hell happened at the birthday party, Doug goddamn, so clearly anyway, even among his uh, his cohorts, there's a I guess they know more than they're letting on. So ultimately, it's hard to say exactly what James has done wrong, but he's clearly have a pattern of really poor behavior around straight men and a really weird power trip, a really strange, [ __ ] that he better stop and get examine what he's doing, because actually, if this goes unchecked for another, like five or ten years done, I mean he's gonna be he's gonna. Do some things he's gonna Bill Cosby, some people are Kelly. Do you have your passports? Do you have your shots? Girl, I wanna, go to Jeff, free stars, makeup party, ooh, mmm, lift me up girl here we go. Why me do you? Have your foundation, do you have your highlights boy I want to convince some straight boys to suck my dick you suck my dick. Do you have you Foundation? Do you have your mascara girl, I wanna, go to Geoffrey Stars house and get banned yeah? Thank you guys. Thank you for setting me up. Ultimately, what what? What can you say about? James Charles I mean yeah, the guy's, a douche he's young he's successful, wildly successful, insanely successful a total douche. Now what can we say about Tati? On the other hand, I would say she seems like an opportunistic snake oil salesman that, through her supposed son right under the bus, you know she's full of contradictions, she's full of all this sweetness and niceness about, like she made a new video called. Why I did it another twenty minute wasted life and she starts crying like I'm? Not the victim, don't feel bad for me. If I could give back, the subscribers I could, like you, know, shut the [ __ ] up, delete. The video then delete the original video. If you feel that bad about it's got 15 million views and Counting such a phony and she using it to push her product, which is above the fold which is snake oil. To begin with, it seems to me that she's bitter that he became so successful and catapulted past her and forgot about her, which is rude and inconsiderate. Considering you know how instrumental she was, but that can happen that can happen. So does that give you the right to just stomp on his [ __ ] face publicly I know I worked out for you, but I. Just don't think that she's, the same did everyone's making her. That's all I'm, saying yeah. It doesn't paint a really great character on both of them. I agree, and you know that's contrary to the popular opinion, because all I see is outpouring of love. Support for Tati and I want to say hashtag Tata to Tati, damn God I went there time, disability, [, __, ], I, say unsubscribe to both and subscribe to my podcast h3 podcast aka, my two cents featuring Ethan illa Klein. But regardless of all of that, we have to appreciate how incredible it is that, on the very same day we were talking about projared getting, but all the times sub lost on one day that James Krause comes in two hours later and smashes it on 10 times, multiples, 1.3 million in one day, incredible incredible stuff. Only reality is stranger than fiction. By the you know, let me check the social bleeds of pro Jarrod and then James Charles, just for one last update before we move on so I mean it's slowed down quite a bit for for pro Jarrod but per capita. If you look at this like per capita you're talking about, like you know, a full-on 20 percent yeah I, actually I ran the numbers last night and he lost 21. Roughly 21 percent I mean that is so that's. In one week James was 19, so rare, but pro Jarrod per capita lost more subs. So there you go so there's no bouncing back for projared he's like bye-bye, don't airs James Charles. On the other hand, I was shocked. I was mortified to find out that his subs are in the green, like strong in the green, all of a sudden on Thursday. He was having like a super strong day and I didn't expect him to bounce back for a long time. So I was weird yeah I found it's just so bizarre that he rebounded so strong. Just suddenly, you think he might be buying subs cheating the system. I, don't know, that's a pretty as a strong claim to make, but it is so suspicious that how easy is it to buy subscribers yeah, it's easiest thing in the world and what I understand its yeah? That's! Actually pretty common yeah I, don't know how common it is among what you I, don't think big youtubers buy subs yeah I, don't think that's the thing that people do. May it's easy to tell from the views. If you have a real fan base, I mean the views are not gonna, be there it's fake, but I, don't know man well. If he bought subs or not, is still pretty shocking to see yeah. So there you have it, you can see it dip off. Like people sold the stock straight up, crash stock market crash, but apparently he's he'll be back on top and he's gonna pass he's already ahead of talk to us. I hope he may I was really hoping to make a video slamming back on Tata, but he made some really shitty apology, video that was so bad and annoying I guess. We should watch that real fast I think his apology, video made everything worse - because it was just like him, funded YouTube, channel, okay, he's so [ __ ] annoying in his apology, video 59 years. He takes so long. He takes such long pauses James here I'm travelling abroad, but I wanted to sit down and make a video addressing all that's going on right now, because they remember me I owe everybody an explanation, but most importantly, I owe two important people, an apology to talk to you. James Watts bro there's a lot of smoke, but then he talks about his mom I guess he felt the anecdote that she gave about his mom I'm talking I'm, inappropriately about her. He felt was really [ __ ], but he didn't want to say that, because he's trying to apologize and I think his mom was really angry, that she that she used that against him and he was he starts talking about his mom and crying, and she with the long situation that just happened, I've had to learn at the hard way. But, coincidentally enough, Tati really was one of the people to set me down and tell me how it looked from the outside. In regards to my own mother, there you go well I know you want to defend me and fight for me and go off on comments when I. Ask that you don't excuse me, everybody apologies, I love. How he's telling his mom not to go off in a video. It's like you know, you could talk to her and I just want to say: mom, don't go off on everybody! Please, and this is my job to do. Is anybody is saying or commenting we're talking about here we go waterworks, you're, an amazing mother, I. Just don't know why he's taught me to talk about his mom? It's like you guys. All you guys talk yep, presumably her his mom's gonna make an expose. Video spilling the tea on my own son, his his uh metaphorical, mom's, barium and I was root biological mom's about to put the tombstone on his grave yeah. There you have it I'm. So over talking about change Charles how long you been going well now, since I said that actually I have James Charles memes you wanna, look at these. These are for yes, pretty fantastic. Biggest drama is about these two, the biggest YouTube drama of the year and both our Senator run. Guys. Look like this. What's the deal with this spider, that I always see James Charles compared to does anyone know back there, yeah yeah, that's it's from some game or creepy-ass, kids, whatever it is. Oh man, yeah, it's good, [, __ ] is that picture of the right of James real. Yes, he did like a meet-and-greet or he was taking photos with makeup. I mean I. Who am I, doesn't talk, but okay, see that was edited cuz, that one isn't his white I guess this is the real yeah, oh, but it's still bad yeah yeah yeah that one not as funny I guess no laughter there, oh yeah, this one I saw this on Twitter a lot people were enjoying this. You know: you're gonna, like this watching toxie's bidi, a 40 minute. Video that clip is so phenomenal, like I would say that what came without jeopardy or price is right. Wheel affords wheel fortune. I would say that will fortune was created. Specifically everything culminated in this clip like there's nothing better than that. Oh this was great. People were burning his products, I guess: here's one genius burning it in the trash man and bed like a bad. It is a taper. Oh no got my whole pot to our podcast claim now. I was like genius. That's like a pretty severe fire in your bedroom and there's like paper next to her and [ __, ] yeah and its makeup products right, there's, probably all kinds of oh yeah. Also you already bought it for good yeah. I can use it or give it to someone dumb. Dumb people were apparently returning his products and mass here. Someone who works at the counter of on these beauty places was like getting tons of people coming and returning. Imagine actually being that upset that you I don't know just talk about like I, won't go out of my way to go to the store. I. Don't do that already and I'm not upset about anything James Charles falling faster than his sub count. Fantastic, brilliant, fantastic! Well that about sums that up I feel exhausted from talking about. How do we do do we explain it I think you're, pretty thorough, yeah I should try those vitamins. You should make some kind of statement like this was a drama-filled week that we will never see again. Oh yeah, cuz I guys the drama, the sub loss, the the twists and turns this was such a drama filled week that we will never see the likes of which again meanwhile, like philip defranco, just like came out that he and keemstar having a sexual affair. Would that be the best youtube drama of all time, keemstar in philly, dr gay and in a relationship yeah just close the website at that point dude that would be fire and there's a video of it. Who do you think I want bigger dick philly d or keemstar? Ah fair enough yeah, let's not go there if I had the guest, what do you do guys have an opinion which one of them has a bigger dick yeah, no I, think Philly deep I was gonna, say Philly D, cuz I, like him more different, yeah, sure yeah I go he's packing. It Keane probably has like a little like Kings, probably pretty pretty small. Oh yeah he's got a little gnomish, it's like I. Just up. It's like a mushroom. It's like got a huge tip, but it's really stout. It's got like a little mushroom stub and he's probably got a wart on the tip that looks like a gnome sitting on a mushroom. It's got like a huge wart on his gnomish costs. All right. Let's move on team content for a week. Yeah thing is no. It's true I've heard through the grapevine that he has a huge wart. The ward is like the same size of his mushroom tip. It's crazy. Okay, we've got abortion, that's it. That seems like an awful follow up. Yeah I! Don't want to talk about that. We've got. Let's talk about the freaking, Burger King, depression meals. You guys got to see this man watch this ad just bear with me cuz. It's like a couple. It's one minute long and bear with me here and tell me when this ends, if you are not shocked and awed by what actually this ad is for so I'm just gonna play for you and let's talk about it when it's done not everybody wakes up happy. Sometimes you feel sad scared, crappy, crappy Elias is that she, let me feel my way, can't wait to leave this close-minded town. My boss is such a Freeman, Creek [Music]. My giga claim I'm commenting on it. [Music]. Yes, I can't believe my student loan I'm never moving out of my parents, home just got ghosted should've known pretty sure, nothin long. The lyrics are pretty crazy right now. My girl yeah take your opinions and suck it world. Should you go girl sister? He spilled. It feel that [ __ ] [Music] each through your phone in our River brows [Music]. No one is happy all the time and that's. Okay, that's why burger meat burger, meme, Burger King, is introducing real meals. Are you [, __ ] kidding me Burger King, you believe this corporate nightmare. These corporations need to stop this KFC. This Burger King, there's Wendy's. They all need to go. [, __, ] off you're, not one of us and then they're like supporting Mental Health America. But what exactly are you doing? Nothing they're, making money, yeah she's, still just selling the same burger yeah, so we actually went out and bought all of these for for Rizzo. So we've got here. Well, we can bring them in so yeah they've got the! Let's see you guys, gonna love this! The blue meal, the yacht's meal, pist meal, salty meal, don't give a [ __ ] meal. These are real meals for real people. Now that the I love to then do I get a crown down. Yeah. Thank you which one do I get. Yes, yes, I love the Burger King of all people is making the depressed meal because honestly, nothing makes me more depressed than eating a Burger King burger. It's disgusting garbage. It's crap is disgusting and I love that they have depression burgers, because I don't need help getting the press when I eat Burger King either word they just starting [ __ ] with McDonald's, because they have the Happy Meal. Yes, exactly they're trying to call up McDonald's for the Happy Meal. Now, they're being you know how dumb this is, they call it a Happy, Meal cuz. It makes you happy when you get the meal and you're not gonna have to be happy to get the meal. You idiots, and you know what McDonald's does, because it's way better. Yes, this one is depressing. That's what Happy Meal makes you happy when you get it? Okay, if I get a meal and I'm salty afterwards, that's not a good meal and I'm loo afterwards. Okay, that means you're [, __ ], depressed the depression meal who thought this was a good idea, but also inside it's just a regular. Oh yeah. You're like oh, is that this is some interesting [ __ ]. No, it's just a whopper and fries man. It's literally they're fresh suck by the way, their friends at work and their burger. What did we write? Burger King cuz I want to lower it. I think we gave it up. It was a dear enough, yeah Ian tell me about the process of getting these I'm curious. The burger looks alright to be almost you want one. No, you already had one well, don't you know aunt taught me: yeah I went and got them this morning, and the woman at the drive-through had no idea what I was talking about. What did you ask for I said? Could I get the real meal? That's what they call it. The real aunt, the sad burger, and she said you want a grilled, burger and I said no, the real meal she went. It would take about 10 minutes to grill a burger and I said no I need the real meal and she said I have no idea what you're talking late. What's in the grilled, burger I have no idea. She just can't understand. It'll, take 10 minutes to grill a burger that shit's, always grilled. Isn't it about 5 to 10 minutes what, as opposed to? How else are these prepare you and I mean yet I don't understand. 2 is from what we looked up. This promotion is only being run at like 5:00 Burger King locations nationally and now just happened to be a so. Their marketing team is so incompetent that the employees of the five restaurants- they don't even know what the hell is happened well, who the hell would actually go there and ask for a real meal. I mean that's kind of psycho, but you went there yesterday in and you said they were sold out right yeah. He told me to come back tomorrow. I have I find that hard to believe how do you sell out of it just run out of packages yeah? What does that mean? They sold out I, wonder also I, like that they got these crowns. Eeeh I can clearly tell they D G af. You don't give a flop head gaff. Yes, Queen you got a twist yours Ethan. We can't see the oh [, __ ], tell me by the way another way. Well, I'm, going all the way I go all the way around, but going keep it going. Keep it going. I was like hurting. My ears stand yes, I'm, so small yeah this this has got to stop. I got the whole variety pack. Smut I want you to appreciate how far we went for this okay. These are all real meals, we're the only ones today to buy them or the realest month. Research right, that's right, mmm, three, our old french fry! So you ate a burger and fries today, yep for breakfast here before the show. How do you feel I actually feel good? I could totally eat another one of those burgers like I, can't even smell it. I put in my mouth I. Forget you another one. He was like. Don't you [ __ ], she threatened me and I was like huh she's right. I shouldn't eat that I'm already depressed enough. I, don't need a profession burger, making a [ __ ] worse, but these corporations have to stop. I am NOT down I, don't find it cute on funny charming their food sucks ask Burger, King, [ __ ], you time to spill the tea the time to spill. The diet coke on you, Burger King has no not this apparently real by the way Burger King tweeted this out him it's only a month, waifu like no, not november, you saw burgers. Why are we talking about Nona November? Why are they all trying to be like relevant on social media? I? Just stop I! Don't think anyone ever bought a [ __ ] Burger King meal, because it's some [ __ ] talk about no, not November on Twitter. What is this [ __ ] good for them? No I can't this is so embarrassing. Honestly, the Wendy's ones are the worst goofing around this afternoon, which one of these classics do you want to see us? Deep-Fry votes are in the frosty one, but we went ahead and deep-fried all of them. Cuz it's a deep-fried mean Oh. Do you understand that that you are the worst you're, the worst I will never eat at Burger. King I will not eat your food. That's Wendy, Wendy, whatever they're all ass, yeah Wendy's stupid, makes me angry not as angry as this Burger King wall dude. They just hire like a fifteen year old to run their social me. Yes, you mean yes, I mean yes, Domino's is so wacky I. Don't get this this one's, pretty bad demons. Take off your blindfold me no demons. We got Domino's promo code me a what. Why are demons? Is this real I think it was from bird box when all those memes were going home? No man who's. This asian girl that got to do this dumbass, probably an intern. It's not even a real. It looks like they photoshopped looks Photoshop the frickin blindfold on her bro. That's so bad Wendy's talking [ __ ] about Burger King. Well talk about calling the kettle black. You know Burger King, also a spicy chicken nuggets yeah, but there's also water in the bottom of the dumpster out back if you're, thirsty godom, who is this person who took the screenshot cuz they liked the tweet yeah people liked it. They think it's cool that and relatable and edgy that a big corporation would were under Wendy's is so savage that they would run their social media like a 15 year old sick. Yes, you know it's probably like a thirty year old guy, pretending to be lady's. 12 yeah I'm telling you Wendy's this sad social media is run by a 30 year old dude who jerks off to hentai. Okay, yes, the UPS store is even getting into the fray. Somehow, if your child addresses a letter to the North Pole, you can leave it with us. We do shredding. That's right. Savage is [ __ ] up dear Santa, please care my mom. She has cancer and she's dying, UPS garbage. You understand what it means, because you're not American I'm, not sure kids write letters to Santa asking for Christmas miracles and wishes and so that they address it to the North Pole UPS Store, saying they'll shred, it Tom dear Santa, my mom passed away and I'm. All by myself. My dad is dying of cancer. What do I do sit-ups start shredding Adam, that's it I I'm kind of over it. Today it's been hour and a half I've got so much more guys, but I'm gonna save it I'm gonna save it. Are you excited for the last episode of Game of Thrones I? Think it's gonna be the all-time worst episode ever made he's been getting Game of Thrones. This is a whole can of worms. You know you really go there. We can talk about this. Let's talk about Game of Thrones, all right, well, I, as you may or may not know, I'm a huge Game of Thrones fan, I've read all the books and I've been on board with the stories this last season. I mean everybody's been complaining about for good cause, because I mean the plot has just been so rushed. It's just been so ridiculously rushed over. You know. Hbo originally wanted ten seasons, but the creator's did to David's were I, guess over it and wanted to go work on Star Wars. They have this new opportunity, and so they just wanted to lock it up real fast and the end of the book was just so rushed in the end of the story. Like stature yeah HBO wanted more HBO didn't end. It is these two, the two creators mm-hmm and I'm, pretty sure that they've had now I, don't think they've parted ways with george RR martin, amicably I think George is pissed about how they did the show. Do you hate the part of Dan where they explain the episode I like it, I hate it? Well, I'd, usually like it. Why do you hate it? You because I I don't need you to now. Tell me why you think your writing was so great right. It's always like. Oh, we knew defense wanted this, but obviously you can't give them what they want. They're, like John, is supposed to be the hero. We all knew that, so we wanted to subvert expectations and have him just meandering around the castle. You only got a dragon. That's literally, they said that about dawn, it's like and then they're george RR martin contrast that he pitched talking about the TV show he goes yeah. You want to subvert people's expectations, but when you have a whole novel set up in a certain way and all the clues and all the story is leading one way, if you just go ahead and change it at the end, then then the story becomes a mess. There's so many dead ends in that show that they caused, like the whole thing about Dorne, the Dornish prince that the mountain killed and all this total dead end didn't go anywhere. Bran has ended up like a tote like such as weird stupid. You know, I mean everything's a dead end honestly, every time they're like for three years now. We knew that Arya was gonna, be this, but we wanted to do it this way. I, don't know it's like yeah. You guys wrote it I, don't need to hear why you guys are what George told them the. How would the story ended and so Bay they basically just fast forward. They skipped ahead just what this this season was yeah, but there's some really dumb ones in fact, you're talking about how they won't get any kind of care this. This was such a great clip by clan gaffney. So this is perfectly what you're talking about here's these guys talking about their genius. Writing it just takes me out of the show. I, don't need you explaining to me I just watched. You know what I like is on YouTube. They have house [, __ ] was made, select the most recent episode, which was cinematically. That was graphically phenomenal. It was beautiful. It was an achievement and in filmmaking and on YouTube there's a 30-minute like mini documentary about how they did all of it like the special effects and the coordinating everything, and that was fascinating. Yes, did they show in that I haven't actually seen that, but I was reading. Then they built like 17. Yeah me block said yes, yes, they've got nothing. Davis they show all of that, it's super they built it all and then underneath it, they also have chart ruins Wow, so they built first what it was gonna look like when it's ruined and then they continued it to be full. That's sick I mean yeah yeah, yeah, yeah yeah. You should watch it. It's it's great I loved every minute of it. It's such a bummer, because I mean pretty much every component of the show is: is top top tier yeah other than the writing? It's just like the act. All the right, visual effects, all of it really is unparalleled for TV show anyway, thing is once they kind of strayed away from the source material. It just got more and more like that. If you look back at the pacing of the first season, it was so true to the book and it was so fantastic. It was as incredible pacing and narrative development and character development and then like progressively as a show, went on that all just completely turned into drama, kept being so unexpected and things like the red wedding or right or what happened to Ned yeah, which was like you I mean they did they built that up perfectly? You I still can't get over that moment. Yeah yeah, it's like a Darth Vader moment, it's just so powerful and so I think I think they really botched the biggest moments in the books, which is kind of what happened in the last episode that they kind of like what should have taken place over the entire course of like a whole season should have like shown what happened, but really they gave it like one episode mm-hmm. You know well at any rate, what you're talking about how them like just masturbating about their own writing. So listen to this you're gonna love this well Danny kind of forgot about the iron fleet and Euron's forces. They certainly haven't forgotten about her. The golden company has arrived in King's Landing, courtesy of the Greyjoy fleet. The balance has grown distressingly either. What are they any kind of forgot about? They aren't fleet and Hurons forces that fire, but it's fine and sink it grace he's why he destroyed a good portion of our fleet. Well, Danny kind of forgot about they aren't leaving Euron's forces, castas Doon, the Iron Islands and the reach well Danny kind of forgot about the power they explained it just kind of makes me feel brain dead. It's like I, just watched it yeah I. Can? How dumb do you think I I think about it for myself for a minute, I, don't need someone now chewing my thoughts for me. Hmm I! Don't know why it upsets me yeah I'm, actually, with you I, never watch them. I'm fine I find it really breaking yeah I like the the inside look, those are on YouTube separately. They aren't fleed and neurons forces. Your own ships could be anywhere or in more than one place, you'd be flying around the open seas alone. For who knows how long this is the dumbest [ __ ] ever lengths they go to King's Landing and then somehow these dragons in the air don't see them the iron fleet and just get 360 no-scope. It's just painfully bad I would have to robe on Viserion and regal anyone she forgot it. They, even the writer himself said she forgot about the iron. Please like [Music], never saw it go ahead, yeah! It's a shame. It's such a shame that the writing was such a bad and we kind of forgot about yeah exactly you know. The latest episode I was so conflicted because on one hand, I was so depressed about the culmination of all these characters that I loved in a follow him so invested in and watching them all perish, and just that. So that alone made me sad and depressed, really that the show this show I've been watching since when we lived, but in Israel yeah before we even made a YouTube channel, I think or around that 4:00 a.m. we were watching it on like a box like a really like SD old-school box yeah- and you couldn't wait, so you would actually watch it at 4 a.m. and then watch it again with me, yeah yeah, that was the first season. I remember, I was so captivated by it. Here's a compilation of the cast being disappointed with. Are you happy with how things [Music] by the way, brands? Okay, we spent the whole story building up brand as this magical from the very first episode he's pushed up the window and has these visions and it's culminated in him doing nothing all of those plot lines. Everything supernatural in the show just completely went nowhere and just get ignored. I was think about this, the other day in all of the seasons since Jon Snow got resurrected, like it's barely ever addressed that this dude came back from the dead like nobody cares. Also, the Hound was brought back from the dead like the Lord of Light. It was like he was so particular about who he brought back from the dead, but now, let's think he brought back the Hound the hounded, absolutely nothing you thinking of no the helm was brought back to life. No, the Hound was brought back to life I, don't think so. Yes, he was that, though, that crew happened upon him, but that dude, who was brought back to life like eight times his dude brought the Hound back to life. That's why he joined there. Click on that! Yes, I'm, pretty 99% on that, but then that and I got brought back and the other guy and yeah, and then that one douche that was brought back to life like eight times he his whole purpose was to save Arya yeah yeah I, guess so so that she 360 no-scope two dice. Yes, I mean the ice. Douche was like the biggest dud ever yeah. All the way, yeah that one nowhere Lord of Light went nowhere. Bran went nowhere good stuff, satisfying conclusion: yeah they're, all trashing the show man, it's crazy, I! Really need to shut it, your brain, oh my god, can let you go without asking you a little question about game of fashion. This is over at the season finale of Game of Thrones. In one word, how I'm telling you this last episode, this Sunday is going to be the most irredeemable pile of [ __ ], that any of us have witness. I have a I have a premonition that a lot of people been super angry about these last two ups I think this one is gonna. Take the cake, there's no way they're gonna save it, because the making of it is so good. The last episode yeah, if you haven't watched the making over the last episode. You really should these two guys, man they're, like they're, just [ __ ], everyone's [ __ ] up by being in such a hurry to get out of there. You know all the work and all the love and HBO and all the actors and George and everything and the fans I do just want to bone out the Optus HBO wanted ten seasons and I, don't think they could make it with other people. Contractually George gave them the license to make it and nobody else yeah. That was like his big thing is that he wouldn't work. He only wanted to work with people. He approved gosh. There's this one scene in the long night, where they're, like all the women and children in the crypt. Well, the dead people are, and everybody watching is like yeah and he can raise the dead and Tyrion Lannister. In the past, two seasons has become the dumbest most useless character like when they're using the source, material, Tyrion, Lannister, best, most interesting and site full character. Last two or three seasons, useless moronic, always wrong, doesn't predict all these [ __ ] washes bring the dead people back to life and they put the women and children in a crimp with all the dead people, so Rob you're in smart. But it's not that smart. He is that smart he's meant to be that smart, but I hate to tell you that, unfortunately, Barisan is God. Well, you got it about that. Sir bears. No such a great number of you, I'm sure, prideful, Nelson, I've read the books and I have reason to expect. Oh I've got a journey here. In fact, if I'm honest I thought, oh I'm really looking forward to this season, I'm gonna have more to do. I'm gonna get my teeth into something I'm really looking forward to did you have words? Did you say anything - I did I did ask and give an argument why Thor Barisan should stay, but at the end of the day I mean you know, John and David. You know they've worked out what they wanted to do. You know if you've planned your book, that the paper did it and then you read an Internet. Someone has figured out that the butler did it and you suddenly change in midstream and it was the chambermaid who did it. Then you screw up the whole book. We should get these just foreshadowing early on and you've got these little clues. You planted now they're dead ends and you have to introduce other clues and you're retconning. It's a man hope to kind of avoid the expected and Jon Snow has always been the hero, the one who's in the Savior, but it just didn't, seem right to us for this. For this moment, how do you feel about the way that it ends? That's all. There are no better writers in television than Dan Weiss David Benioff. They ended it brilliantly better than I could have imagined and you people are in for it. You people are in brief. Oh damn, what did you think you have a strong opinion about it? Yeah I mean yeah, not a fan. I mean III to have read the books, I've read twice: actually Wow yeah and like once early into the show, and then I reread them like about two years ago and yeah I mean I, think what it really boils down to is these guys they are I, don't want to say that they're bad writers just flatly because obviously they gave you know many seasons of a great show. I, just don't think I think they're good at adapting from a source material and as soon as it diverged from the books. You know a lot of the changes they made several seasons ago of like cutting big story. Lines like Dorne is completely different in the books and throws other Targaryen, so they cut yeah, there's the other Targaryen z-- and that's that was like the whole plot. That varies is a part of so that kind of makes Mary's character completely useless, and you know there's a lot of theories that that whole plotline is going to be what ultimately Cersei was in the show. So that's why Cersei just really stood around not doing anything for the last two seasons and yeah yeah I mean they just lay is so dumb to at the end like how much did Cersei go through how much character development was there like she blew up the SAP, she got disgraced. She got her hair cut off in all this [ __ ], and what did it amount to nothing? It went nowhere. She just ended up standing there in the frickin window, so she betrayed the armies for pretty much. No reason at all. You know. Somebody pointed out. I saw that that the actress that play Cersei is actually one of the highest-paid on the show and this season it's like quite a deal for her. She paid so much money for I, don't know a grand total of maybe like ten lines of dialogue. That's right, just standing on a balcony for a long time. Well, I think she got like a million Perret yeah, something like she was literally just gazing. Yeah. That's a good deal, the gaze of miracles that she was brought on it to uh. It's all kids, it's disappointing man! It makes me sad that makes me sad. The loss of this show and characters that I love makes me sad. The last episode was so heavy I mean, like 80% of all the characters died, yeah and so much I mean a lot of people take issue with the Dany, losing it and killing everybody, but I mean at least on paper I, actually like that, that's where the story went, but it was so unsubstantiated, so right, microwaved they just microwaved it yeah, like you said, I mean these guys. You know not to excuse them, but yeah they've got this deal to make a trilogy of Star Wars movies. So you can understand. From their perspective, I mean that I mean how many things are a step up from Game of Thrones, not many, but that's that's one that you know. That is an extremely prestigious [, __ ] up part of history now yeah well, they should have just passed it off to somebody else. Again. It's rapid over no George wouldn't give consent for that. Hmm I guess I guess, but they're gonna go make some shitty Star Wars trilogies and everyone's gonna remember as the guys that [ __ ] Game of Thrones and went and made some shitty Star Wars trilogy, but they're probably gonna make a ton of money. So what did they care, especially when you look back I, don't know if you've looked at their IMDB but prior to nothing right, not just nothing like some really cringey [ __ ], like some of the worst stuff ever. Do you remember the x-men origins, Wolverine movie like the worst x-men movie, though I mean that was their beauty on yeah, the one where Ryan Reynolds is Deadpool but, like isn't you know, George was involved in the first couple of seasons too, as a consultant. So oh you even wrote. Scripts yeah, so I mean George was a TV writer in the 70s and 80s. So he had actual writing. Trump's I'm really hoping that George is gonna, finish the novels and then we're gonna get a remake of the ending, a remake of the whole show and its really true to the story kind of like how do you redo it, though full metal alchemist didn't make it animated I will dude animate. It would be so good. I'll be super cool either warm I mean they're, not gonna do anytime soon, but maybe 10 20 years from now. When then I would love a tit to see these last season's remade but they're, making a prequel but again there's no source material to draw them so I think it's gonna, be shitty. It'll, be different writers, though, to be fair yeah, but they have no source material to draw for the spin-offs. Almost never work, though, that shit's going nowhere well, I am excited to watch the last episode. I guarantee everyone's gonna hate. It I almost certainly guarantee it got predictions I, don't want to say yeah all right, I, don't want to say I'll. Tell you all fair, okay, cuz I read to kind of a spoiler, but I don't know if it was true or not. Oh, that's right. I did hear that there are some leagues but I I read like a dot some [ __ ]. It was on a trending, Twitter post, hmm and they lit her on a trending Twitter post. They trended this. They said this is what happens? Here's the leak that predicted it and all of their major plot points were right, hmm up until now, so what they predicted for the end, I hope it's not true, but what they predicted for the last episode is truly the worst possible scenarios. I mean just so dumb, well, I guess we'll find out. In a couple days, yeah I told you not to tell me no yeah, yeah, well, I'm, depression crown on I'm feeling blue, but it's Friday TGIF God's day a holy day baby. So, let's go out there and let's say some God blesses, some poeple blesses, some whatever blesses. Thank you guys for watching. It's been a for some time. It's been a podcast. You know how we do. Ela is getting really pregnant, so it could happen any day now by the way, yeah I think we'll make an update this weekend due date is June 6, it's three weeks from now something that three weeks yeah three weeks love answer, but at this point it's like it could happen. Anytime, yeah, oh boy, so we're gonna make an update. Video I think this weekend, cuz we just gotta tell people like hey: we might disappear for a minute cuz, it's baby time, I! Think I'm, just gonna come in and do it solo and just update people just keep it short and sweet and then keep you know. Yeah then go home. Do an hour should I watch the baby coming out or no do you want to I? Don't know it's a miracle life dude, I! Guess whatever you want I'm, not gonna, I'm, not gonna forbid! You would you would I watch it. Yeah I, like my initial reaction, is no but then I don't know. Maybe I think that moment where they actually plop out cuz. It sounds like the head: is crowning crown a crown and crown a crowning and then there's a moment where, like everything, plops out yeah, but that's crazy too, because you've got like the baby, but then also like the placenta and everything all this blood and discharging [ __ ] comes rushing out, I, don't know man I, don't know if I can live with that my head, exactly maybe just done the miracle of life yeah baby, just don't dance saying! No! You can just yes guys! Thank you for watching. We love. We appreciate you thinking for this jarn James, Charles, drama-filled, beautiful rock riot. This is we'll, never see the likes of which again hipster Franco. Meanwhile they're sucking each other's dicks. 69 filming can't wait to find that and update you guys so have a great weekend a fantastic weekend. We love y'all, we'll see you next time at the a Street podcast my two cents edition. Thank you. Everybody Tata Tata from tattoo [Music].