[Music] mr. James Charles age 19, once a crowned prince of cosmetics, he soon found himself to be a boy on the brink. After the Bengal tiger of Beauty tatty Westbrook seized upon her prey with a swift hand of avarice, he was quickly left cold in a shallow grave, while the masses in his doomed commune departed for other glam guru shores. His taciturn demure turned to fiery rebellion rising from the ashes with a list of receipts. Mr. Charles broke the dams and unleashed a torrential flood of tea upon an unsuspecting world. How did he do it? Where is Tati now? This is. Why is Geoffrey star even here, I inserted myself into something publicly that I shouldn't have. These are just some of the questions you might find in the h3 zone, hello, everybody and welcome to the HT podcast here with my beautiful lovely host ela. Of course, we've got the guys in back everybody's having a good time everybody's, enjoying the tea, how you guys, feeling today you're doing good yeah they're great, thank you and, of course, guys. I just wanted to say. Shredder is looking very cute today, he's also enjoying the tea, because this week this month has been a tea tea. Pocalypse, it's been the tea pocalypse. It's been unbelievable, now, I think a lot of people are moved on past this James Charles thing, but I'm not moving past. Yet because, since we made our last video James has responded with receipts as they say, got him like the biggest tea drama channel ever we're gonna have to revert after this, but this can't be our permanent identity. Let's just have fun with it yeah. Well, we can. You know. James Charles came back with all this evidence, showing that Tati was super manipulative if downright lying about a lot of stuff and then Jeffrey star starts coming in and calling I'm gonna keep track of. Oh Jeffrey star comes in starts, calling James a danger to society, pedophile, a predator and I. Think we all. We can't really let this go because J, these two guys were accusing James of such heinous actual crimes. They will not only wanted to destroy him, they wanted to send him to jail, and now all the sudden, when James responds with all this proof that they're lying they to those two guys are all of a sudden about peace and harmony and love, you know guys: I have I, could totally bring the receipts, but I think it's time. I think it's time that we just step back and and grow up. That's like Jeffrey stars, video, yeah, I bet you healing, yeah I bet. Your ass would like to do some healing you know so. I got a I got a say. My piece for James Charles, who came riding on the T Rapids soaked. He lost so many subscribers he's back now, he's back in the screen and Tati is in the red. Actually, she just posted a new video I'm curious. She posted on old video. She had pre-recorded and I'm curious if, if she's gaining or losing as a result of that related, she said: hey guys, I have this I want to. You know yeah she's, that's what I wanted to see. I'm not- and you know what I'm not a beauty guru I'm, not here- for peace, love and positivity I'm here for tea and I want to see people die and that's what the h3 podcast teapot podcast is all about the teapot. This is the tea podcast, because I feel like Tati she's, trying to she's trying to weasel her way out of this. Now that it's completely backfired on her and she's posting like this old [ __ ] Dan, could you pull up her tweet and read it to us and I'm so glad to see people are not down with that, but the thing that really bothers me and I think the most psycho person out of this the most problematic and there's anyone that this actual danger to society. That's come out of this. It's Jeffrey I, don't know anything about this guy I, don't know why people like him, but his involvement in this. What is actually shameful, embarrassing, dangerous and he didn't even apologize to James. He only wanted to save his own ass. He only did in a way that kind of complemented himself right where he's like I'm owning to my mistakes before going any further and I'm gonna be the better one here and just back off yeah and when it should be like no I'm apologized to James, but we're gonna get into all that you guys can draw your own conclusions, but Jeffrey star is someone that, in my opinion, seems like a dangerous lunatic and Wow, but taut seas are getting the brunt of it as well. She should you know so guys, not only that okay, we've got this phase lawsuit of one of the phases biggest members is suing phase for predatory contract. We've got Jake Paul calling Cody Koel for being a cyber bully. We've got Game of Thrones being the worst show of all time. Yeah we're gonna, get to all that and more here at the HT pot. Podcast podcast, the HTTP pot, don't stay, but if you say something hot by itself, you get demoralized Susan busted that door like the kool-aid man and [ __ ] chokes me out: yeah, careful yo were you after Tottie's latest tweet, or that came along with this yeah, where she said: she's posting on old video, because she wants to heal and prayed right. Yeah. It's it's been two weeks since we played with we played it. Make you wait. Did you looked at me? I miss you all I've, just posted a video I filmed three weeks ago. I hope it provides a little escape and a little happiness. I'll get back to filming new videos. Soon, love you all so much and for those reasons amount don't like you she's such a phony, let's go, but before we get into all that, oh and thank you to our sponsors. Third love cap, Tara and expressvpn they're, truly, the greatest guys. I want to give them a cup of tea and love the art sponsors. But first guys I want to ask you the ultimate question, because we're about to get in some serious tea and I thought I'd break it up. - you ever catch poop in your hand, before splashes in the toilet, okay, cuz. We had a lot of poop conversation. It said that really quick! Yes, let me show you a clip. Take a deep breath. You turn we found out a regular question. We've talked about pooping habits on the show, a lot before - a lot of people's distaste. They can't handle it. People don't like it I personally, I like it well can I say it is my show after all, but we've pretty much exhausted. The conversation that is until I saw this clip recently on the Internet. Now, if this guy's kidding is up for debate, just like my hunch is that he's not because one he never corrects the record. He never says because you don't want people believing that you [ __ ] in your hand, yeah so he's no reason to lie about it or to joke, and he never, he never back pedals and his. He surprised that nobody else knows what he's talking about in the same way that when I first learned that people wiped from the back or that when I lifted, my balls and I was like. Nobody knows very true to me with that being said: I love that I love that mate, letting the doodoo fall boil. It is crazier than [ __ ] in your hand, I, don't know so y'all just sit. This [ __ ] right come right out, [Laughter], [Music], interesting. So here's what I think this will guy I think is trying to solve a problem which, when you, when you poop in the toilet, the splash yes now you can, instead of putting it on your hand, put it in the toilet. Ya know: I have a friend in college who taught me that cuz I always was having water splashing on my ass, and he I really do owe him a gracious favor, because he's taught me if you take the cover or toilet paper, and you put it in the toilet yeah, you will not split, it will not splash and that really did change. My life I never thought about [ __ ] in my hand, to prevent that because that's the whole point is to avoid [ __, ] or water, touching you yeah, so, but I've never heard of anyone. How could I even catch it yeah I think he just shits. He probably puts the paper over his hand, but he makes it sound like [ __ ] always touch his hand, he's like [, __ ]. You touch it every day. That's why we wash our hands pretty incredible stuff, but I think it's a testament to really the diversity of of methods. I think that's not what I would recommend but I'm but again I'm. You know, there's diversity of method, I, don't think it was no I, don't think so. I, don't think so. Either he's a good guy, okay, that guy like carbs up so he's, probably taking some. Oh my gosh, it's I can't imagine putting dier dier eating in your hand, though yeah. That's one reason. You know that shares one reason. A lot of the comments on this video were like he could come the next day and make a statement that he was drawing and that he was not drawing and I would still think something's up like I, don't know if I said that right, yeah, no, you said that right, yeah I was gonna, say the opposite I. My reaction is: if he comes out and says he was just kidding, imma believe that guy shits in his and stuff, like I'm on the opposite spectrum, I think just cuz, it's so unreal, but I think that's a man whose parents just failed him like he was he's like a feral child who was raised by wolves like he was put in a bathroom and as a child, let's say: you're, 5 years old and you're, just learning to [, __ ], you see toilet paper, you see a toilet and you kind of just got to figure it out for yourself and then all sudden you're like well I'm gonna, put the toilet over my hand, I'm gonna show you know. We have weird ways of fairy. That's why we need guidance. That's not why we need our elders. Are our elders to guide us through this world for through this life, to show us how things are done, because otherwise we end up shooting on our hand like this guy, so I see this as a failure of his parents. I see this as a beautiful diversity of activity in the bathroom. We actually did a poll last night to find out how many people a lot of respondents 53,000 respondents so far, almost 54 Wow. So we asked our viewers for the podcast tomorrow and please be honest. This is a rigorous scientific, Twitter poll. Remember these are all anonymous votes. Do you catch your poop with TP? Obviously, otherwise you know what is it for not animals? Yes, so it doesn't splash in the bowl. So me I'm! No, never I can't! Are you kidding me? It's not letting me see the results down. I could just read them out to you. The poll is not closed. Actually, so no, but once you vote, you can see they're uh well, I'll, read it off to you: it's 78%, no, never 10% a decent chunk. I have once or twice, and then we have 4% whenever I am able to an 8% every time. Don't let you look you like those people are trolling yeah. What does whenever I am able to even mean you know when the option is available? Some point: you know what, if there's no toilet paper, sure I, guess yeah, but I feel like there is actually maybe 10% I think that is a truthful somewhere around that 10%. Actually poop, like that yeah there's one representative of that group on this crew. Okay, I knew when I put this pull out. That Zach was gonna somehow be involved in this. So Zach talk talk, I do I, do not [ __ ] my hand. I did have an event over the beginning of this week that this week this week, yeah that's to soak a cooker, dude I know it's a coincidence. So it's gonna get graphic. So Iowa I was constipated all right and there was this one piece that can come out. So I tried to make my own squatty potty put my feet up on the trashcan like it. Just was not coming out so I took a baby, wipe go ahead, tried to pull it out and it came out. So does that count no extract? That's just yeah! That's you being paid from you need some Metamucil or something man at your age that ain't right, I know you yanked this [ __ ] out of your ass. That's not the same I've been since the pregnancy I've been constipated, but I started, taking Metamucil and I'm fine did it works huh I, take it with every meal now like through two to four of those capsules, and it's ro is so it's amazing I get them as a sponsor. That's come on reach out to them down, or the rock tour agency we're already talking about this mm-hmm I've. Also I I don't need baby wipes anymore. You still use it, though you end with why I don't know why? Because it now you don't that's what Chris D'elia was saying, Yeah right right, almost like every time. It's like the clean, wipe it's unreal yeah! Well! So I always end with a wet one. That's my ethos in life, but I. It's definitely helped because before there was times before, where I would even go to three for wet ones because it was so nuclear, you know, yeah I know so idea. I can't endorse that product enough. Now. Everyone else who is waiting for us to talk about James Charles got a gem massive poop conversation. Let's move on. Okay I am proud of James Charles, because his apology, video he came out with, was kind of pathetic. It was kind of sad and and sloppy. He was jet-lagged. He was in Australia flying back and I thought that was it mm-hmm, but boy. This glam guru he put on his makeup. He came out glamorous as hell and he went to war with these [ __, ] and I couldn't be prouder of him that he stood up for himself that he shut this whole drama down and basically exposed them for what they are, and a lot of us in the community had suspicions that Tati was a little naughty. A lot of this stuff didn't add up mm-hmm. Why is the 37 year old woman trying to destroy a 19 year old, who she considers herself a mother of and like there were just a bunch of little accusations, but nothing concrete stuff like oh talking about personal [, __ ], like oh I, was at with your parents, and you were inappropriate in front of them. Okay, you hit on straight boys. Okay, oh you promoted my competitor, but it's not about that. Also, here's a link in the description, even though it's not monetized, okay, I'll tell you what, by the way before we get into it, I made a nice slope. She may not have monetized her video, but she sure, as hell did monetize our video she claimed our highlight and by the way, I gave her a ample opportunity to rectify the situation. I gave her a week to drop it before I brought it up on Twitter, but she freaking claimed our highlight like Hello I, know that, then that's an can be an accident. The claim but I disputed I gave her a week to resolve it before I said anything because of the beautiful cop racism she has a month to sit on it a month. Sorry I got a kid on the way I'm trying to get paid. Mm-Hmm I gotta give you a month, so she says it was an accident okay. Well, let me ask you this. Then, how do you accidentally- and maybe you know the answer, this Yili? How do you accidentally file a DMCA because another person who made a video her she filed a DMCA takedown strike added video removed that you don't do right? No sir manual and you are very very very much aware of what you're doing no sir weird so I smell a little bit of also censoring censoring trying to control you know once those tweets went, she dropped both of them. She dropped both of course, because Glam do. He doesn't understand she's she's on one part of the community she's with the tea. Ladies and they are menthe, they are monsters the community channel. She doesn't know about us, we're monsters, what'd, I, say yeah commentary. She doesn't know about the monsters on the other side of the pond, which is the you know, commentary community, there's one cardinal sin in the commentary: channel community do not claim and well most of all don't fly or strike. It doesn't matter what they say. It doesn't matter how they say it. If you strike a video or claim a video, you have committed the cardinal sin and mask off MMS scare off, so she kind of I. Don't know man Totti you're done I, don't like her man, she's a phony. Now, let's go over James's video here, a little bit step by step. Let me show you how thoroughly he eviscerates her video on the sugar bear conspiracy. Let me show you this excerpt. We'll start here from the top. You went to Coachella somehow had a security issue and magically sugar bears there with a contract in hand to save the day. For you and all of your friends, no company would ever go out of their way to have an extra. You know handful of passes that cost thousands of dollars apiece. First of all, that is such an assumption. If anyone would, it would be a big company and if they would give it to anyone, it would be someone like James taught the bigots. You know nobody would have dude. These people have like million-dollar partnerships, thousands of dollars all the sudden thousands of dollars. You have a thousand drawers behind you, a thousand dollars. Nobody has that kind of money. You know that's such a stupid point like if we were trying to go anywhere. Let's say: there's III here or whatever those kind of events yeah and you're trying to get tickets, you would get it from a brand bro people or how so stupid, like just in case. That leads me to believe that this was orchestrated beforehand, but he had an emotional conflict. So she's got this whole conspiracy theory that James says that on the spot he wanted a artist pass and she goes oh really that doesn't make any sense. You were clearly conspiring with them beforehand, because who would have a who would have extra passes? Yeah? No also the moon doesn't exist. Yeah explained that he decided to go to the second weekend, all at him I'll. Let him explain it to me and promises he made to me behind the scenes, so he had to come up with a very clever story and didn't tell this good to you. But after the little bit was very clever story, it really did happen on the spot. The second Barrentine texted me their proposal right away. No money was involved and with no time to negotiate in a panic I signed by the way he I love, James, now I'm a fan and the first one is apology. Video he's like I I'm, so hmm, like he's talking so slow and then, when he's on the war he's like girl, get back at it again. I'm like whoa, I, love it and it's 40 minutes late and exactly of like a roller coaster by James Charles. He had nine days after Coachella to talk to me on Monday April 22nd, which was one day after Coachella I was due to post my stories based on my contract and up until that moment, I honestly had not thought about the fact that taught to you was to shake her hair, a competitor and in that moment I thought that as a friend, she deserved a courtesy tax to let her know the context on the sponsorship and everything that was going on to not even get a phone call to not even get a text a few days prior. But right after that, sponsored post went up to have a text like hey mom love, you I'm stressed just so. You know XYZ I just did this post, but it's no big before posting. My stories, I actually did text talk to you. First out of respect for her I can't I read all these, but basically I want to let you know that I have to post a boy or stereo. Today they saved me at Coachella, yada, yada yada. She said this breaks my heart, whatever yada yada it, but he did tell her before also don't be so insecure about it, your product, if nobody's, buying your product, it's not because he did one story about sugar, bear whose your product sucks it's one story, and he did a feel for her -. So what's the diff and you'll do more. If you guys are friends and whatever that's like ELA divorcing me, because I'm wearing a supreme shirt, yeah and then try to destroy my career, the receipt says there was a flight to San Francisco by the time that I had landed a one hour later. Talk to you, - uploaded all of her Instagram joys of her crying at talking about the friends, the community that haven't really supported her, how she was alone and how she felt very, very hurt and betrayed very quickly. People put two and two together and realized that this was clearly about me and I started getting thousands and thousands of tweets and comments and texts about the whole situation throughout the next several hours, I made countless attempts to text both Tati and her husband, James and many phone calls as well trying to reach them, all of which they did not respond to and later on that night, while sitting in my hotel in San Francisco, because I could not reach don t. Is you a public apology directly on my Instagram, because there you go that what she says happened is wildly wildly different than what actually happened and he's got the receipts sisters, das right. So there you go lie number one. She said that he never reached out. He never did anything all he did was post the story. That only happened after days of trying to contact her and her husband because she had already snapped it was like I'm gonna, destroy this little [ __ ] for daring to make an Instagram story about one of my competitors, and he does explain before this part that he just basically decided to go to the second weekend spontaneously. So they bought the VIP tickets, but the VIP like many people, can buy it. Anyone would buy it just it wasn't enough right. So that's why it was stuck like that. Yes, that makes sense, and he knew that one of his sons of [, __, ] and one of his friends he knew got Baxter. Our artist passes from this company sugar bear, and so he says: hey can you put me a touch I wanna see if I can get an artist pass, because it's really rough for me here and they do have an artist pass. Who has a? Who excuse me who has extra passes and he got him through them? I would have done the same. Freaking thing: dude mm-hmm, they wouldn't giving it to me, but I would have done tried. My Cuza, who girl can I get artist, passes, who sorry, who they be like to me, who has extra passes like so now, next up, so that hope that holds BS now it gets really bad. These accusations of him preying on straight men, okay, were were one of the most compelling and troubling things and here's when he addresses them. It mostly hinges on the accusations of this waiter Sam, who James met. Look at how to deny up to the drama. Are you impressed I'm tuned in as well yeah I mean look at me: I'm, like a 15 year old girl all over again, so James went out with Tati on her birthday dinner, there's a cute waiter or bartender, something that James is flirting with eye contact, okay and then in the video she's like what is wrong with you he's straight, and you are forcing yourself on him and making him seem like he's really a predator, well, the DM show- and this is really fascinating and Jeffrey star. This was one of his main points was saying that James is a sexual predator, I danger to society, because this guy Sam he locked in his hotel room and wouldn't leave, even though he knew he was straight well, listen to James talk about it here telling me about a situation that happened in Seattle at my birthday and it literally made me want to vomit. Oh my god, you tried to trick a straight man into thinking, he's gay yet again and somehow you're the victim. You know it's really disgusting to manipulate someone's sexuality, especially when they are still. You know, emerging into adulthood. How old is James by the way 19 19 right, 20 years of yesterday, I'm merging into adulthood from the 27 year old, lady shut up, I, don't know I have everything figured out? You are using your fame, your power, your money to play with people's emotions. Okay, you're doing that to have them behave sexually in your favor, even if they're straight- and you know what that's not okay- and how dare you laugh about it and make me master me man between this and that and I love straight boys, I love straight boys and men. This behavior is not normal. It's not okay, cracking someone's sexuality is not an escape room. First of all, I am a 19 year old virgin I talk about boys quite a lot of my social media networks. Clearly, at this point, it is a virgin mean being gay by the way I was wondering no BUTT STUFF. Does that mean that he's never had a dick? What like like no oral stuff? Would that make you still virgin I, don't think so, but I think I think no inner-court? No, no! No. How would you say penetrate no penetration either receiving or giving? That's. My guess. That's my guess as well, but it's kind of I think it's kind of sorry, guys, sorry, shredder so, but I thought it was kind of in tearing how he came out he's like listen, I'm, a virgin yeah. Do we have to take a break then uh, two minutes? Okay, let's just do it then we'll continue on with this, but man he crush. He shuts this down. He shuts it down. I mean I love this. When I watched this video I was like yeah squeeze Totti. Is this I don't like her from the first minute and now I'm sure of it we'll be right back guys, Eva? Have you ever had difficulty finding the right bra to fit every breast every single time? And when you get the wrong bra, how much of a pain in the butt is it or a pain in the boobs? You could even say it's not right. You've got all these sizes of ABCD. What about all everything in between it's? Not right and that's why? Third love exists because third love uses data points generated by millions of women who have taken their fit finding quiz to design the perfect bra with breast size and shape in mind for a perfect premium feel every dang time. Third level offers more than 70 sizes, including their signature, half cup sizes. For just when you have 1/2 cup of build all the traditionally you gotta take a full cup, a boob sex, your size, exactly you'll other change in the game, fit find your quiz. They've got a quiz that you answer, simple questions to find your fit, and it only takes 60 seconds over 12 billion women have taken the quiz today, it's actually fun and takes less than a minute to complete. Did you know that your breasts shape matters when finding a good fit? Third love helps you identify your breast size and shape and find styles that fit your body. It's got a 100% satisfaction guarantee every customer has 60 days to wear it, wash it put it to the test, and if you don't love it return, it and third level will wash it and donate it to a woman in need, see. That's nice I like that they donate it. They don't incinerate it. It's really thoughtful, but you get your money back. It's risk free, either way. Third loves team of experts fit stylists are dedicated to helping you find your perfect fit. You can even text chat or phone call them returns and exchanges are free and easy. So what the heck are you waiting for? Their love knows that there's a perfect bra for everyone. So, right now they are offering my listeners 15% off your first order. Go to third love, comm / h3, now to find your perfect fitting bra and get 15% off your first purchase. That's third love.com slash h3 for 15% off today. Finding the right software can be a challenging endeavor because it takes so long to get it set up. You got to install it. You got to pay for it. You can do all this and then you realize that's not the right software for you. You know what you really need is a hub for reviews with software. You can find software read, reviews and make sure you're getting the right one and that's the beauty of kaptara kaptara is the first free online resource to help you find the best software solution for your business, with over eight hundred and fifty thousand reviews of products from real software users discover everything you need to make an informed decision, search more than seven hundred specific categories of software, everything from project management to email, marketing to yoga studio management software. My friends, that's as niche as it gets yoga studio management software you can I cannot be used for anything but yoga, no matter what kind of software your business needs. Kaptara makes it easy to discover the right solution and fast so join the millions of people who use kaptara every month to find the right tools for their business. Now I've had trouble all throughout building these businesses. Finding the right software. You got organizational issues, content management systems, you've got unis, bookkeeping stuff, you need a iyx I mean it's ridiculous. You go to kept area, you type up. What you're? Looking for you're gonna find a bottom credible, breadth of availability and reviews. The people are gonna tell you which one to try, based on their real experience, go to kaptara comm / h3 for free 2-day to find the tools to make it in forum software decision for your business kaptara, comm, /, h3 kaptara that capt erra comm / h through finding the right software can really change the game, and I hope that you will find that over at capcom. / h lee admit it. You think that cybercrime is something that happens to other people. You may think that no one wants your data or that hackers can't grab your password and credit card details. Well, guess what just because you're single and broke doesn't mean hackers, don't want your data because stealing from unsuspecting people on public Wi-Fi is one the simplest and cheapest ways for hackers to make money. When you leave your internet connection unencrypted, you might as well be writing your passport and credit card numbers on a huge billboard for the rest of the world to see that's, why I decided to take action and protect myself from cyber criminals. I'll use Express VPN its first VPN secures in tanana misers your internet, browsing by encrypting your data and hiding your public IP address. Expressvpn has easy to use apps to run seamlessly in the background of your computer phone or tablet. Turn on expressvpn protection only takes one click using expressvpn I can safely surf a public Wi-Fi without being snooped on or having my personal data stolen for less than seven dollars a month. You can get this very same. Expressvpn protection that I have expressvpn, is rated number one VPN service by TechRadar and comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee so protect your protect your online activity today and find out how you can get three months: free and expressvpn Calm / h3, that's exp or e SS VPN, dot-com, / h3 for three months, free with one gear package visit, expressvpn, dot-com, / h3, to learn more hmm. Welcome back I had a funny realization during the break. I. Think Tati is like the villain from Snow White. It's like mirror mirror on the wall, who's, the prettiest of them all, and then the mirror is like it's James, Charles, prettiest and then talked is like I will destroy him. I must be the purtiest also taught C's name on all of our social medias is glam life good. What is it? Glam guru life alright anyway, where were we? Let's? Let's hear James I just thought I would bring it up, put it out into the universe. I, don't really get a lot of action. We have probably guessed this at this point, so that being said, I have never and would never and will never use my fame money or power to manipulate or get any sexual actions from a guy. That is disgusting. It is not me and the fact that taki brought this up blows my mind, because she knows the real story. The story that we're talking about here is a situation that happened when I was in Seattle for talk to a surprise party. With a boy named Sam, now I'm going to tell you the full story. Since everybody, it seems to be leaving out literally every single detail in doctor's video. She mentioned that she was disgusted and how to apologize to her family for me, apparently saying things that I wanted to do to a waiter and then just to find those actions by saying I am a celebrity okay. This literally did when I heard her say that I even thought that must be a joke. Mm-Hmm yeah she's like she and her and her retelling she owes I was like James. You can't say that he's straight and you know what he said to me: it's okay, I'm famous and even in her [ __ ] tone. I was like that sounds like a joke. You know and sure not what did happen is that me, Jeffrey Nate -, my best friend, drew all flew to Seattle. -. Surprise talk to you for her birthday on February 14th. That night we went out to dinner with that with Tontine James and her whole family and we're in a restaurant. There was a cute boy across the restaurant that I kept me icon with, and that I was interested in and the conversation of dating for me and Jeffrey, both keen of the dinner table, and we were talking about it for a very, very short period of time. The conversation never got inappropriate period. The boy that was involved in the story is named Sam now, when I originally wanted to do this, video addressing everything I did plan on crossing his name and keeping him completely private, but he has since come out and made a video of his own talking about the situation. Just like talk to you leaving out many many details, but in his video and in the screenshots that I have Sam mentioned that he was perfectly fine and found the flirting that I was doing flattering so I'm, not really sure why this got turned into something much bigger, but it simply was not. He was looking at me later on that night. He started me Valentine. This is this was on Valentine's Day, where he especially thought that I was very attractive and he wanted to get my phone number and all that, but the wait staff at my restaurant didn't let that happen. He left and it kind of just went I'm talking about the Imus. Liberty thing is really incredibly frustrating to me, because this is an inside joke between my friends and I. Had Itachi is also participated. Tati is even participated in he said with Tati. Is this the family number literally ten people have this number feel special I always do you do wow, you're, so famous mmm-hmm, to be something far worse than what it is. This is the joke. That really is where we say: I'm famous, not I'm, a celebrity and a thing that we don't say it in public very often because without context I get it. It looks and sounds really really bad trust me, literally famous it's synonymous of anything good, so yeah, my YouTube video does well one day. My friends was like, oh, my god, James you're, so famous, but literally. If my friend takes a good instrument- and it is so frustrating that she turned it innocent and funny inside joke does she has participated in into something so beyond disgusting I'm going to try my best to make it a long story? Very short, the next day, Sampson into my team's first yeah, we working this guy he's the one that messaged James yeah. He said that, basically at the moment he didn't know who James was and then he went and talked to his sister or something about the famous and the sister was like. Oh, you should message him back and then I guess. Basically he messaged him and he told him that is bye and it was interested well there you have it, that's not at all what they said. Mm-Hmm and now he's making videos about. It's like you got to feel almost I feel bad for James cuz. It's like dudes out here, trying to just find someone to be involved with romantically, and this you know he goes on with his life, this guy DMS him out of the blue, because his sister told me was famous. So then they hook up. He sells him he's bi they go and hook up and now all of a sudden. Not only is that guy talking about it, but everyone's calling him a sexual predator, bringing on a strake I mean it's insanity, the conversation about a sexuality, and he told me straight up that he was bi sexual. Oh, my god, you tried to trick a straight man into thinking. He's gay. There was no straight man at being manipulated, so there you go uh Tati what the f, yeah and I guess. He goes on also to show a lot of other fake situations that started to show up on Twitter mm-hmm. Oh yeah people were fabricating [ __, ] yeah, just straight up. That happened to me once what, during my big drama, when everybody hated us I, guess those people still do hate us, but but somebody what did they do they fo? Yes, people were photoshopping that I blocked them yeah, because I never block people on Twitter I, never ever blocked people on Twitter, I, don't think I have one person blocked and then this guy photoshopped that I blocked him. I was like that's so weird I. He almost fooled me: I went to his Twitter account and I was like oh, the guy's, not blocked or he's not blocked or muted, or anything I've, never interacted with them. [Music]. So I've seen that firsthand people do that, it's crazy and it's creepy and it's weird, but they do it I've seen it firsthand. It's myself. It's just so and then that the weird thing is like a drama channel start picking up on it and reporting it. That's when it gets really yeah really strange problem is when the story gets picked up and everyone just hears the first version mm-hmm and then that's what stuck in their head and then it's really hard to go and actually convince people that wait. That's not the actual story, there's more to it or whatever people like don't care. At that point, that's kind of why I insisted on making this podcast, because the gut reaction was that James must die. Tati is the queen she's, the glam life guru, and so now that the dust is settled, I will need to go back and kind of reexpose this, because the your first reaction is like, oh and then you move on, because you don't care, it's not interesting, and that happens all the time I mean now. There were snap dates in about Pro Jared yeah, that one's creation there's been a lot of dip of twists and turns in the Pro Jared thing that so much I do want to report on again but I'm kind of waiting for the dust to settle. We could fall in like it closely, though. It's just becoming like hard to tell at this point, because there's so much to each side, yeah and all sudden the girl who said that her husband cheated on her. Apparently it was pushing him to do it or you know she was like to it. You know it's like how can you know yeah yeah and was saying in text messages that she was gonna destroy his life yeah? So you know I got a bird Jesus, so yeah this stuff happens man. So now here's another part I'm just kind of moving along here I reach out to many different friends for advice. So here he is get trying to get Tottie's advice about this specific I. So he's by he's reached out to James he's interested. He messy text. Tati says hey: when are you gonna come home? I want your advice, Sam, that's the waiters flying to LA on Saturday. She says what I know: we've been talking every single day. She says you're supposed to hook up with the waiter, not marry him. That's Tati, who made a video saying that you're manipulating straight boys who actually knows the whole situation. I mean what the hell? That's, that's the most damning part dude, that's you're in on it. You're encouraging that is just a bold-faced lie. That's just manipulating people when you know absolutely better, it's correct, but it goes on. It continues on gets even worse. There was one day in my kitchen, we're taught to you James and Gabriel. All came over and I told them the same exact story and show them the same exact screenshots. To all of you. Guys just saw of him saying I'm bi, hmm, she said in her video talking and James actually did have a heart-to-heart conversation with me about the boys that I get involved with. They told me that talking to curious guys was going to continue to get me hurt and that also it could look really really bad for an outside perspective. If somebody tried to manipulate the situation and for me this is a major major wake-up call that I took to heart, because I honestly had never thought about it in any other way, because I knew that everything that I was doing was always consensual between both me and the boy and I had receipts to back it up. But I wish I knew at the time that Todd his advice was really a warning yeah, exactly maybe someone else may, which was telling my story with no details, no facts and no proof and twisted around and now serious allegations have surfaced that could permanently damage my career. You got to love that she warns him which, which makes me think that she's been thinking about this, how to weaponize this for a long time. But you gotta love that she she's the one that ended up using it against him. I mean with friends like these who needs enemies right yeah, my goodness Judas Judas guru, getting Gregg am life. Damn life clam life I could tell looking at her the way she just sits there. You know she, man, she's in over port I, gotta, say I, respect, James and you you made a point about. You think that what he was doing was borderline I do think he has a lesson to learn here when what he was doing, because that the situation was like it was. There was consent from Sam, so I'm not saying that he did anything wrong, but it is pushing a little bit of a problematic thing when you're a celebrity. Let me just say what happened: Sam went over to his hotel room and they made out in his hotel for an hour, and then he left that's what happened. Yes and then he kind of basically kept talking to him from what I understand and it sounds like he's kind of confused about his sexuality, yeah, Sam, yeah and in a way I just got the feeling that, because he said like at first I didn't know who it was. But then my sister was like: oh it's James Charles, you should respond and I feel like that kind of pushes you into a situation that maybe otherwise you weren't gonna go into and I think James needs to be aware of that. Right. I think it's an important lesson for him. I learned and as he said, any we received it yeah. Yes, because you are not just another guy. You are also famous and therefore you have the power to influence people more than someone else. Would yes, sadly, he is, as he said, a 19 year, old, virgin, yeah and so I mean golly. You know it's tough to be mature about those things in that age, but I think you make a great point EULA, but then the way that she twists it on him she's on one hand giving him the advice he needs and then, on the other hand, weaponizing it again, I mean who are you? What actually, who are you? You know? I mean it's shameless. It's totally shameless I'm glad he really explains a while I'm glad he did because, from his point of view, after that video came out, he must have just been like flabbergasted yeah and to see his sub count dropping by the millions and to be able to still put himself together and make this video mm-hmm love it. You go girl I, actually think he made a poignant point, a really fit, and the conversation to a halt immediately I do take full responsibility for sending these messages in this situation has definitely taught me that sending messages that are so for and direct like this are unacceptable and I know. So he was criticized for sending straight men or boys in general, be like hey, you're, hot stuff like that. So he's responding to that accusation. A few different guys that I've talked to in the past have since came forward with their stories or posted screenshots of conversations that I had with them. It saying that I made them feel uncomfortable and reading. Some of them, I honestly felt really really bad I reached out to all the boys directly and apologize to them for my actions. But aside from those few guys, people are training at hashtag Jam charles's over party as an open invitation to add to the narrative with lies, which is all harmful to me, but it's also creating very, very dangerous stereotypes around the lgbtq+ community, for example, zara larsson who's, a pretty big singer, tweeted, saying that I messaged her boyfriend multiple times knowing he was straight and this tweet got almost half a million likes before it was deleted in her defense. She did later on say that it was only one of message, but it was way too late, because the media had already done it. You can see the messages you're, really hot mm-hmm, saying that I was harassing straight men and wouldn't leave him alone had I known. He was dating zara larsson. I clearly never would have messaged him in the first place, but this is all very hypocritical. Considering in this, his house are a Larson found. Her boyfriend I, like - I, think this is such a great point. He makes here that I actually yeah need to acknowledge when we go back and find that tweet I know that he was dating zara larsson I, clearly, never would've message. So she said who are you? Where do you live? How old are you? Why are you so fine? How do you like your eggs, cooked in the morning she said to him by the way that work they're dating now that girl, thirsty as hell god damn so his house are alerce I found her boyfriend I'd like to post a question to you the audience and asked: why is it okay for zara larsson, a woman with the public platform to tweet these photos of a shirtless man and saying who are you where do you land? How old do you? Why are you so far? How do you like your eggs cooked in the morning, but for me, as a gay man to DM the same person in private with a simple compliment, is predatory? These stereotypes are on gay men have been and continue to be, very, very harmful to the community that have been historically used to villainize gay men in society. Someone completely fabricated a whole tears. That's a great point. I actually do think so mm-hmm, you know you, you go girl, good point. Peanut gallery, do you guys agree? Yeah, definitely, I mean he's right. I mean that's been a thing for as long I've been alive of like you know, gay men are gonna force themselves on you or come after you or whatever, and it's [, __, ] and yeah I mean he like he said, I mean giving somebody a single compliment in a private message is not remotely [ __ ], predatory, I mean that happens every day. It's a little skeevy, it's a little for a pub games, Charles to be like hey, wow, you're, so hot we'll be like what, but, but he acknowledged that, do you know yeah, but I bet you were brought up of him being famous. That does change the dynamic. That's true it's different than just you know a slight bubble. What she did was like way beyond what he did we're doing a show here: shredder shredder chilla, so anyway, that that pretty much shred do you want to go outside we're doing a show for chrissake so that pretty much closes what I had to say about Tati and I think that shreddy? What are we doing here? You ruining ourselves at tea time, not good, so that closes the book on Tati and I have to say it was eye-opening. Yeah I mean he really came with the receipts with all the proof and then I love this. The reaction is always like guys, it's time for healing after they guy called out yeah because Tati, actually we didn't. Let me show you, let's just put it all behind us, yeah, exactly here's Tottie's final statement, not this one. She said she had a really [ __ ] response to his video. When I first came out, she goes I've left, town on a digital break, to heal and pray for healing on all sides. My family made me aware of what was just posted and I'm disappointed to see it littered with so many lies and half-truths. Okay. Well, first of all, if you didn't watch it cuz your family told you, then how do you know it's littered with half-truths and lies, but like okay I didn't see, he he provided proof to everything. He said she said. I stand by my videos. Do not twist my words into what they are not hear. The message he said aka by the way she deleted her original video. So she did not stand behind it. In fact, she didn't even respond, but this is always the case. He comes with proof and all of a sudden, she wants to take a break for and pray for, everybody's healing it's like do you remember who broke this basin to begin with Humpty Dumpty um, yeah I stand by my video, whatever she just kind of own it man, you gotta, apologize to him like say you were bitter old, fairly apologize. Yeah, just admit that you're, a bitter old, hag, okay, that's getting passed up by this young he's the new uh beauty guru now and that breaks your heart just admit. It I think it's a lot of credit he's the 19 year old yeah and he was under such an attack. Yep penny I mean he came out a lot more mature than the other guys girl. He came out with his hair flowing and she's print off on a praying vacation, she's all praying for the healing of everyone, yeah and taking down videos. So anyway, now, let's move on to Jeffrey star who, if anyone's a danger to society as I've said it's him Jeffrey star. Okay, let's see here where we begin with this guy man, he goes. Who else has a draft folder full of tweets? They wish they could send out? I want to keep it so real, sometimes, but the behind the scenes in the beauty community, but I'll. Let karma do it's work like it always does. Okay, Geoffrey stars, I started getting tagged in after this tweet and a few other ones from him, and his friends I decided to reach out to him and ask if there was something going on and that I should be aware of, he replied to me and he said that it was not about me and that it was about another brand, stealing his ideas. This message was in a voice memo which has since disappeared from the screenshot you'll. Just have to believe me. I have literally no reason to lie at this point, even though he said it wasn't about me. I still asked to talk to him it, but he said he was unavailable. A few hours later, I was getting ready and forth, and back gala I got this text from Geoffrey concerned, but mostly oh really said. We definitely need to talk soon, tatty and Shane, and a few others told me everything that you have said about me. The last six months, I'm heartbroken, disgusted and so said, hear about everything, but shockingly not surprised. I've only been a great friend you and never said anything bad about you behind the scenes, which is obviously not the case. I, don't know about it. Totally. Confused I reached out town about meeting together in private hopes to speak together and figure out the best understanding, but he didn't reply three days later. Still no response I decided to reach out again, but he was not available to talk. I flew to Australia on May, 8th and on May 10th I was before my schedule being reappearance, where five thousand fans were already waiting outside I was woken up at four in the morning by my friend, because Tata had just uploaded a video titled by a sister watching talk to you, video. It was very clear tweet, my friend was still very hurt and even though I had already apologized, both privately and publicly I wanted to make a video right then, and there with my raw and honest emotions, but because the time difference it took me an extra few hours to film the video and get it up and by the time I was about to hit, publish I received. Yet another text I'm, so here's Jeffrey star he says: are you gonna, respond to everything or pull a mani? 2.0 I'm? Not in deep enough to know what that means when you. So this is the same boy. He says when you basically trapped Sam in your hotel room in Seattle, psychologically forced him to stay and made him feel horrible for their pennies. You spent on the room. I knew something was terribly wrong with you. When Zach showed me the snapshot message of you trying to force him to like you and send him photos. It was completely horrifying to see you use the same sentence as a rapist would use. He was so grossed out by your behavior in the way that you tried to make him feel bad for not reciprocating the same feelings. I've already cleared up together, being Harborside consensual. He was absolutely not trapped at a hotel room, but Jeffrey also brings up Zack Zack is his boyfriend Nate brother, and not only did I not pursue Zack who identifies as mainly straight, but it was actually Jeffrey who suggested that I talk to him in the first place. Hey minx brother is single and mainly strange. Alright, if your ally, by the way when a gay guy refers to guys mainly straight that's kind of a douchey, that's Geoffrey, start kind of being manipulative towards a straight guy to his gay friend. Being like he's mainly straight. You know only if you maybe, if you're famous and rich enough, you know like [ __ ], you Jeffrey star can I check for maybe a total of 10 selfies back and forth to each other. He was super super sweet, but it was very clear to me that he was not actually interested and the conversation sought before anything could even get remotely flirty at all, with everything going on. I did not reply to Jeffrey's text. In the moment. A few days later, on, Monday I woke up again in the middle of the night from a phone call, my little brother Ian, who was very, very upset. He told me he had tweeted saying why do people act so tough online about somebody from his hometown? Who was bullying him and a Jeffrey star of all people had quote tweeted Ian's tweet saying why is her brother, a predator? Why did you really move back to New York City, exactly shut the [ __ ] up meadow? That's what Jeff Jeffrey tweeted this from nowhere to James's good to his younger brother, younger brother here, the guy he just says: why does everyone act so tough over the Internet there's like a 15 year old I, don't know how old he is and Jeffrey star is a grown-ass man. How old is Jeffrey start Dan? He must be in his 30s [Music]. Look like he's 80, you guys looks like a Kripke, maybe I'm wrong looks like he's. 57 looks like he's: 107 33, yeah 33, my age right, so don't think I'm being an ageist here, but imagine me going to a 15 year old, minding his own business say. Why is your brother, a predator why'd? You really move back to New York City, exactly shut the [ __ ] up what okay who's a danger to society again yeah this guy's calling anybody out. How did this guy have fans? That's so true. How did people like that's 17,000 people, I, don't understand? Jeffrey's are? How does this guy have fans I mean this is really troubling back to New, York City, exactly shut the [ __ ]. How do you top any job for bullying a kid who had nothing to do with this situation literally at all and he deleted it? The tweet after this I went to check my phone and notice that Jeffrey had texted me a few minutes prior and I opened. My phone to this I really want to read this text out loud just so, you all get to hear exactly what I had to read, but also so I don't miss. Anything Grayson is going on camera shortly to finally tell the world how you tried to molest him and touch him in his sleep and made him uncomfortable for months. You, sick, [, __ ]. Next Zach will be going on camera to tell how twisted and sick you were trying to get him to like you and then make him feel bad. What he didn't want to send you photos back then Sam from Seattle will be joining me in Cameron. To talk about you trapping him in his hotel room. You need to be locked in prison for a very long time. You need the internet taken away from you. You are a danger to society as disgusting as it is bringing up. Graceland Dolan was pretty clever at the high of all these allegations and stories going around both of the twins. Unfollowed me not wanting to be associated and fans started, speculating that the rumors could be as to why I, let all these Fairweather friends I mean I'm blown away by how everybody just dropped. James on a dime like the Dolan twins, an effort to not be associated with him, unfollowed him on Twitter like what the [ __ ], you do, [ __, ] all these people, it's like Hello stand with your friends, man at least figure out what happened. He says they reached out to him directly to see if he was okay, which is nice, but it's like god, damn y'all too bad. That, aside from our pre-planned collaborative jokes that happen, did the sisters want videos me and Grayson flirting. Nothing ever happened between us and when all this went down, I knew Decker was lying, because the twins were two of the first people to call me and make sure that I, okay, I already mentioned Zack and I, still have no idea who the Cameron and Geoffrey's referring to in this message is, but he also brought up Sam last, who he also already talked about later. On that day, though, Jaffrey was right, Sam did upload a video to his YouTube channel, telling the whole story. He left out. Almost all the details and included an illegally recorded FaceTime call, which was on May, 2nd told you remember that, but even through all of this he's still no so anyway, Jeffrey star that vote so here by the way, if you want someone who's a danger to society, look what jeffree star tweeted out when he was 25 years old to a 16 year old, Justin Bieber, who else wonders how big and tags him Justin Bieber's dick is that's a 25 year old man tagging a 16 year old child like the fact that he tagged him is even more disgusting like he wants Justin to know that some creepy dude is is creeping on him. Who was wonders how big Justin Bieber's dick is the [ __ ] 2010, then 25 I mean I'm blown away by that there's a bunch of tweets Fila, see I've had so many straight boys naked. That I think I deserve a Lifetime, Achievement Award I, wonder who's down to [ __ ] tonight straight boys, where you at I, like straight men, not gay boys badly, don't be a jerk yeah exactly so all the sudden calling the kettle black I mean Jeffrey star is so psycho, it's scary. He even has Jimmy Starr, even as a song about that he's into straight boys. I mean here we go, get your teacups up, [Music] yeah straight boys to play okay. He was actually trying to make an actual musical career. This is a real attempt that music I want to I gotta, get the lyrics, wait. Where's the lyrics hold on yeah artists, jeffree, star, album plastic surgery. Slumber party here I actually do really want to find the layers put in discord for you. Oh thank you. So much great one, yeah I think we got Ari. Sorry, everybody I have to read the lyrics to this. This is way too good. Okay, y'all ready for this. This is gonna, be good. There we go yep I want a boy with juicy lips who doesn't care? I don't have to I. Want a boy like me, but hotter I eat out like Jeffrey Dahmer oof straight boys. I must confess wanna get under my dress. Give me your kiss kiss give me a fist. Fist, oof straight boy, I, don't think any straight boys are gonna fishmeal, it all right, hey boy. He said you want the hit from the front to the back. I want a boy who would take the blame, put Ron Jeremy to shame. I want a boy under the sheets with pink stain boxer briefs. You, like you like a blood-stained. They don't have to tell their friends they're getting it from both ends. He wants a boy with a blood stain in his underwear. Oh no bro, this guy's a danger to society. If anybody is alright enough, so for this guy to act of God, oh no! No! No! No! We have multiple videos playing my panicking hold on guys. Everybody just see patients. Why I don't see it anywhere? Wait I still hear things. How are we good yeah I got it. Please I was like please God make it stop so for Jeffrey star who says he wants straight boys with bloodstains in their underwear who, when he was 25 tweeted at Justin, Bieber directly tagged him I wanted. Who wonders how big Justin Bieber's dick is to call James Charles problematic is uh really something to think deeply about. We looked it up. It was. It was a 16 year old, Justin, Bieber -. Yes, yes, 16 year old, Justin Bieber, he was 25 at the time. I mean that to me is just yeah: I mean my goodness: gracious, not great I, don't understand the Jeffrey star stuff, because that guy seems to me to be genuinely Terr likes like wow I, don't get it, but okay, there you go. I've said enough about him: let's see, there's more cuz. This is like the hole. So then, all of a sudden. This is how he responds to James video I'll, make sure I'm not make missing anything here. Last but finally, not least Jeffrey posted this tweet claimed he hadn't seen me since February and that Nate banned me from their home she's, good and I. Just think. It's really funny that Jeffrey brought this up and sorry the fact that he's tweeted me twice and between February and now saying that he missed me yeah, that's the only part that he said he's banned from his house, but in that period he's met, -, he's message, I'm saying he misses him. So after James posters, video Jeffrey star says this, everyone keeps asking me for my receipts. I have so much to say, and some really sad disgusting things to show you guys. James Charles tried to mass manipulate you all today when I show you proof and why I tweeted that sweet about him, you will all finally understand, did I show the original tweet that he said, he's a danger to society and everything thoughts he said is true. I think I got it here, no damn it! Maybe you guys can find it. Don't I had it. Maybe this is it. We know what it says. We do. You just said it right: yeah, basically yeah but um. Let's see anyway so yeah, he said, he's a danger to society and everything he taught these videos. True, he basically, you know, got involved. So now he said, I've got receipts he's disgusting and he tried to manipulate you, except what happens next, just like Tati. He puts out a video saying it's time to heal hello, everybody. The last few weeks in the beauty, commission, some of our personal life is gonna. Take the high road mm-hmm. He doesn't apologize to James he apologizes to his little brother, but he says I have receipts and I will destroy you and also when James actually defends himself. This guy's gonna take the high road and people actually buy it. That's a very creasing I know a lot straight. Bull wait hold on hold on well, as this plays I want to play straight boys yeah, we gotta. We have to set that atmospheric air. Okay, good, okay, go ahead! Jeffrey! Where were you I know a lot of you yeah expecting to get a lot of tea today? Yes, much better right, much, better! I think this will be one of the most important videos, yeah and I. Think today, I would like to shed some light on the straight. Oh sticks from the mouth to the ass. Things are getting straight: boys I want to put blood in their boxers. Have a conversation straight boys I want to put blood in their boxers. Don't tell anyone and straight boys, hey guys I'm. So sorry, I was so immature. I shouldn't have got involved. Sorry I tried to destroy this bright young boy's life and called him a sexual predator, Justin Bieber, by the way. How big they? How big is your dick Justin Bieber when you're 16 straight boys, a big dick he's like vetoing, I thought it was a man anyway. Tati's final remark: she says she stands by her video I think weird. He showed this, but in the end she stands by her video and she's disappointed to see James's video littered with so many lies and half-truths do not twist. My words hear my message: who are you Obi, Wan yeah hear my message shut up anyway. She erased her original video. So how am I supposed to hear your words if you erased your video? You know in the end I think this is a very valuable parable. [Music] ela, you had some interesting things to say about kind of the danger of internet beef and hate mobs today how people are just so quick to judgment. Yeah just feel like it's been so crazy and with Twitter, it's like wildfire. It's like it just spreads so fast and everyone hears about it and then like I was saying earlier, like no one really cares to follow up and actually hear the full story wants both sides. You know tell their stories, so it's really dangerous. It is I mean there could be like a million people walking around thinking that James Charles is a pedophile. Well, I have to even I have to eat the crow a little bit, because in our original podcast I showed a lot of those screenshots from James and being like, oh well, sure, there's a pattern of I mean there are accusations of him of all kinds of things that are not substantiated, so we really need. We really need to be wise about how these things spread on the internet. I mean it's it's specifically on the internet, because things happen so fast and so strong that we don't have any time to actually sit back and think and reflect it's like you said it's just a fire and I've never seen anything like that, and I'm really glad that James had the opportunity and that people were still had the attention to listen, mm-hmm that he didn't take too long to address it. Yeah with the projared thing, I, don't think people are still care, even though there's more screen shots now and more texts and stuff like that. I, don't think anyone cares at this no or he's not as interesting, which is so Dane and it's not as new wants to either, because the guy was definitely a creep. I mean he's got his dick out. He had a putt, he had a tumbler God just sit, let my little sins sin Jared I mean yeah. I just mean the fact that it's like it's judged by how interesting the story is at the moment, how juice is it on Twitter right now, I'm trending, and then you move on it's so crazy. It's true Jared's one is tough. I mean I'm sure that that the the side that we got that everybody reported on is so biased, like I'm sure Jared, would have a lot to say about it, but I'm glad that I'm glad that James Charles was able to kind of come with receipts. Mm-Hmm Jared. On the other hand, I don't know man that guy is just I mean his dicks on the internet. What do you? How do you come back from that anyway, you know say: he's completely innocent I mean dude. I saw your dick. How do you come back from that? You know so yeah? What's your dicks on the Internet, especially that dick Vick, like you, if you, if you're nice-looking- and you got a nice dick and it's maybe you're just walking around, but the fact that he's like full-on dick pic from below squeeze your dick, you can make it like. Look bigger and harder he's doing that, and it's just all gnarly yeah Garth likes that I managed to avoid seeing it up until I think it was yesterday really when somebody replied to I think it was the Twitter poll we ran. What did you think about it sure? Well, you know what would you rate it on a scale? 1-10 I didn't inspect it too closely. I mean it. You know. Maybe it was the angle, but it seemed you know. At least he doesn't have a micropenis I guess yeah, it could be worse. No, he doesn't have a micropenis he's a normal penis. That's what we all said, not a my grill I, like the joystick version better that one in my head. Well, we've man I, have so much more to get to, but I'm kind of, like I'm feel like I'm. Getting sick, don't push it, but I mean we have so much more to get through. It's ridiculous come on just briefly cover this phase stuff cuz. It is pretty uh. Okay, yeah actually have a good take on this face thing so phase the face. Clan is a huge gaming team. I guess they they came around there and call of duty right is that right, I believe they started as a YouTube channel of like they were like one of the original 360 no-scope knew many things but like on ironically I like the MLG yeah, yeah, edits or whatever it was like the real [, __ ] right so but they've been around there. They have a huge name in gaming and a lot of young gamers. They have teams. Now professional teams of all kinds want to be on phase and recently, there's been a huge lawsuit by one of their top players called T foo he's huge he's like the size of ninja now playing fortnight, and he has come and laid a lawsuit against phase for having predatory and illegal contracts. He said his contract was so predatory. He had to sue fades now. Each of these people have a huge fan base. So the debate is very dicey about he shed. He said this. She said that and that's not like the face guys have made tons of videos talking about it. Teeth who's made videos talking about it and I. What I want to do is I, don't want to get in the weeds with all this emotional I, only care about what the contract says and the contract was elite. Okay, so I'm gonna, just gonna, look at the contract. I'm gonna give you my take on that so because I do think that this is really interesting and it is important because this reminds me of when I was a young youtuber like MC NS. Had they were so predatory because it's unregulated, you have eager young kids that don't understand what they're getting themselves into vers a huge corporate or huge people with lawyers who know how to take advantage of people without any regulations. It's a recipe for people getting wildly and and irresponsibly taken advantage of, and so it reminds me of back then and then what it's really not okay, what these companies get away with so basically I found God have the contract. So let's just look on this on the basis of the contract that they offered brand deals bought in by faze clan phase, gets 80% I mean that's, that's ridiculous! Right off the bat I, never heard I mean in traditional media there's laws and regulations about this. To prepare, as this predatory behavior was just out of control, a manager, a traditional manager, an agent they taking 10% 80% I mean what are we talking about here? Managers 20, but you could see 20, you could see. 30 I have partnerships, so I have partnerships most when I get an ad through agency they'll. Take ten I have a partnership. The only one I have where they take 20. They do so much work. They bring so much to the table that I'm happy to give it to them. But I, but but 80% is untenable. I mean that's just not a feasible relationships, extortion, it's it's! It's ridiculous! In-Game, sticker, merchandise, I, don't know what that even means. But that's 50/50 brand deals brought in by the gamer 50% I mean again they should be taking maybe like 5 or 10%. If they brought in or even zero to be. If I'm being Frank appearance fees, 50% prizes, t foo gets 80% of tournaments. Okay, fine, so I mean this is really bad. I, don't even know. I personally I'm people, though saying well, why did why? Did they sign it? You know he's a he's, a young kid in his early 20s or late teens, he's being approached by one of the biggest he gaming communities. He wants to be a member of phase and he's stupid, he's dumb, yeah he's eager and in the beginning you may not know the numbers that are gonna be involved, and you may not know what's normal, what's not normal right exactly you learn. You learn as you do. It I mean he's talking to these face, guys and they're. Probably let him leading them on this is this is normal. This is what everyone gets paid. They might be saying stuff now I'm speculating, but this is the kind of stuff that I've encountered. Oh, we can renegotiate. We can revisit these and stuff like that. Just be like! Well, don't worry about it. You know, let's just get you in the door and we'll figure it out now, that's not even the worst part. The worst part is that the contract has a specific termination clause that forces T foo to sit on the sidelines. For six months and not professionally pay any video games if he gets fired for cause, it says- and it says specifically, I'll read it verbatim in the event of a termination for a gamer material breach, gamer shall be prohibited from playing video games publicly online or in live tournaments professionally for a period of six months from the effective date of such termination. So what that means? I mean that flicks mine, there Bay of Ceph they're, effectively saying if you breach our contract, we're gonna ruin your professional gaming life I mean in six months time. That's like you're gonna, be left behind in that amount of time, but this is so predatory and it's borderline. Evil I, don't think we said, but the contract was for three years. Yes, so they're, saying sure. If you breach this, you cannot play professionally anything anywhere for six months or we'll sue. You I mean this is just evil. This is predatory. This is evil. This is kind of like their. This is their trump card for like oh. If this guy ever gets unruly, if this guy ever gets out of hand, then we get this ultimate trump card of like okay go ahead and leave we're gonna, sideline you for six months and sue you. If you try, I mean that kind of clause has no place in a contract in the real world that would be so illegal, so wildly inappropriate for them to even include this is is shocking. It's appalling! It's a shame! It's a disgrace. It's an embarrassment and I think that phase should really read and I think this is important for all of new media contracts that are unregulated and not a lot of eyeballs on it. I think it calls for extraordinary need, though, for regulation, but all these companies that that are putting this kind of stuff in the contract. They need to be held reliable, so I, don't know any of the backstory about T, foo I, don't know what he said or what he did or what fazed it I don't know. What, but all I know is that stuff like this in the contract, NEET needs to be brought out mm-hmm. It needs to be brought, it needs to be talked about, because these are not huge corporations. These are vulnerable young, bright, young stars, rising stars who are building this community for the betterment of all of us. The new media, including phase and phase, to include terms like that, is truly it's truly heinous I mean it's just heinous another issue that is verified that that's the contract, it is verified, I verified it, I verified. It was somebody close to the situation who said yes, that is it. So there was also other things in there like that that they had the right to reject any opportunities if it didn't, if they didn't agree to it, so they were limiting his opportunities to like to other stuff I think that was one of his main complaints. Yeah from what I understand is that they were declining things without even telling him about it. He would find out later things that he was willing to do and wanted to make money off of so everything aside, I'm, not getting into the details. I see people saying oh well, he's skyrocketed in popularity after he joined phase or phase tried to offer him a bunch of new agreements that he kept refusing or that toufu just wants to leave to start his own organization. I. Don't care about any of that. What I care about is what I'm, seeing here that was in the agreement and that event of termination, a gamer, shall be prohibited from playing video games publicly or online in live tournaments or professionally for a period of six months, effective from date of termination. That's a shame. Shame on you for putting that in I mean give me a break. That makes me sick because you were just every youtuber we would talk about. There were all stuck in contracts, they didn't want to be in and it was like well I'm stuck with these guys for three years. What am I, what am I gonna do now and right? It was always craziness, it was tough and you know, and nobody I really understood. Either people thought that being part of an MCN made you more money that was in deal. We didn't even know why we were joining MCN and we even had one bad experience that these guys made eel cry. I mean who was? It was any of them studio, studio, that's their new name. They were these guys a little absolute worst. They were studio, 73 or something that evil I mean evil. We signed a contract and they changed the terms on us after we already joined and we're like yo what the hell yeah and it was like. We can't function in this setting that you guys are setting us up. It has to be what we discussed and they're like. Well, you signed it. So bad I was like listen. We signed we on on, we signed. There was a misunderstanding. Just release us then and we'll go part our ways and he says listen. This is the world world. It's time for you to grow up. You signed this contract and we are not gonna. Let you out of it. So you just need to suck it up and you and we own, you, know yeah and either started crying because she couldn't believe this was just so. Eve is just like pure evil and how it was too, and so this [ __ ] exists and my god this is worse than something yeah collective, digital studios. That's it and I'm that I got the bad press to change your name to Studio, 73 and I have to say everyone 71 thing yet and I have to say to this day. Shame on them. I would never recommend anyone to join that. Never and really I mean this is worse than anything I've ever seen. But then the beautiful thing was that when we were completely didn't know what to do, we even made a tweet about it, and then they dropped us yeah. All of a sudden they could drop us out of the contract. Yeah there's no problem. Well, that's exactly the situation right! Yeah cuz, the faze clan guys we're pushing back against this TP. That I'm saying is a betrayal. They backstab blah blah, blah or whatever, and then the contract leaked, which, let's be honest, I mean T, foo, probably leaked it right, I mean well, I, don't know, but I sir. We don't know that, but I mean if I'm out one worthy writer there's a lot of people involved right in face. There's a lot right: I guess it could. It could have been another person within the organization, but the second it was released. They completely changed their tune and the phase guys are saying: oh yeah, the contract was, we knew it was bad, but we tried to make you better right, yeah yeah. It helps to put people on blast publicly. Sometimes you got to do that. You know, and so dude these guys should just shut the in my opinion. After seeing this I don't know about anything of the beef between them personally but bro. This isn't does not look good. This does not look good and it's not right. It's not okay and shame on you and your whole organization for putting that in shame on you. That's all I say about it: I, don't care about T, foo I! Don't care about face! You do not put that in a contract, especially when you're dealing with the kind of people you are who aren't real well representative, who aren't well? You are literally praying on ignorant young people. There's there's no way to dispute that okay you're, the one who is in the beneficial position, like you, know better you're, the one who needs to be. You need to be guiding them. Of course, tief who's gonna want to get away from this when he blows up he's not psycho. What do you expect them just to be like alright? Well now that I'm making millions of dollars I'm just gonna, let you take a tour stand in it shut up idiots. This makes me this makes me upset. You cannot defend this and anyone who reads this I hope I. It really does upset me. So that's it. That's my old thing on phase versity, Foom I, don't care about anything else! Alright and I got a second energy. Let's keep going Jake Paul, verse, kotico, cyberbullying man, Jake Paul's, a [, __, ], idiot I know he was dumb, but man I didn't know. He was this dumb people, like all of us, I, don't think he's extraordinary and the sense that he's more vicious or cruel than anyone. So this one guy is cutting Kody's, hair and part of a vlog and Jake shows up to confront him for being a cyber bully. Here we go way so. Apparently the interview, they're gonna spin coating around I'm gonna go into this closet. Where does Jake find these I'm gonna be hiding in that beast? Yes, ma'am and then Jeff is going to ask Cody a question about me and I'm going to come out. You know, but like I, do want to get a point across that, like that Cody, you, like you, are a piece of that's true. I've heard stories of like girls crying and, like literally being so hurt by he's, got a straw in his a little cup nice catch in good I, like it's ruined their days. There are weeks, even I'm, not cool with that. What gives him the right to do that he'll. Be so shocked like to me this guy rare aesthetics, by the way he just he'll dick ride Jake for a full month. Just for this little bloop rare aesthetics guys give him the recognition he needs. So he can stop. Writing Jake. Stick this! Yes, man is is hurting my soul. These are really the most hurt. People inside yeah, yeah, sometimes I, think Jake is smart, but then I see stuff like this I'm like wow. He is like. So what he is like 50 IQ know, people that all right, yeah put all your intellectual mush together [Music] there we go and they're ready to debate. [Music] [Music] I love that this guy only got a jeff like how am I supposed to find out who he is this guy gets a Jeff. Cody doesn't get anything bro. You sound like you're 12, for what the hell I don't like cyber bullies, your salary bullying, oh man, I intentionally saved watching this for the show, and it's even worse than I [ __ ]. I think jake has gotten dumber I. Think he's lost IQ points, you know. Well, he clearly. He clearly knows how awkward this is cuz. He can like barely even get it out. Nobody will I think he really thinks he's getting him like a Chris Hanson. You know have a seat by the way he doesn't realize that he's making fun of him like I'm bought. Like bowling you, what are you a little [ __ ] I, think I'm balling Jake, like for real, like there's kids out there like I've met girls, who you like into like going in on you're like I, don't need to bring up their names to cause drama for them. You know what I'm saying but like no we're seeing taking [ __ ] that you knew, like you sitting in front of camera like actually can resonate into people's hearts like that's, not cool by the way, but it's like who are you Jake to talk? What have you done for anyone? So I made a little tweet that I am gonna to my own horn here, because I thought I summarized it pretty. Well so Jake Paul says yo. We need to discuss cyber bullying. Also Jake Paul docks is possible on whose houses later stuck up at gunpoint. Also Jake Paul hosts a party where girls are drugged, also Jake ball. Brain washes, kids to sell immerse, also Jake ball posting softcore porn to 12 year olds, and then it's one I actually forgot is oh Jesus. That is so graphic. That was a thumbnail I'm, also Jake Paul. He did the mystery box scam like only a month ago. Also this whole destroying the house. They were living in Beverly Hills, whatever that was yeah I mean bro. He we ruined the neighborhood for all of his neighbors. Where is your moral compass? What are we talking about bullying? Europe yeah, you know there are things but dude. He didn't. He didn't bully anybody. Yeah, that's true! Well, I mean I, don't know I'm sure he's been accused of bullying a lot of his team. Ten members said that he was a total douche any bully. Though that's what I left the I bet you, the news guy who was there trying to report, felt like a little I, want to say bullied: I mean Jake. What are you doing? You really just need to shut the [ __ ] up sometimes offensive about it cuz. It seems like his older brother boys I'm like every that's true. Logan. Definitely strikes me as a bully. Yeah I can imagine them growing up you're a bully probably should have yeah Logan's bro yeah. That's a good point, though, give me the rope, maverick, I'm gonna show soon everypony to the party yeah. He said sorry, bro I'll, shake your hand, shake down Jake so desperate to like pull some kind of resolution. He said sorry, he said I'm, sorry for bullying. You like he was kind of goofing on him right and then, and then this guy's trying to set up a joke. Cuz I watched his video. He made it. He made a edit I think they pre-planned this joke. So it was like he would be like Kankan Cody come and then Jake's supposed to be like no and he's like, oh well whatever, but he so he kept this in. He edited it so poorly. He makes the host look like an idiot washes. Why did he even include that he's not not taking it he's just confused all have ominous music going yeah I, don't know why he, okay yeah! It's funny right, like you, clearly huge audience where you're spreading. So much did you think about this Jake before you decided to come in here and debate in you know: yeah, it's very uncomfortable, yes, Fred! So much negativity like okay. What kind of content do you want to see? Jake smile, more eyelid, we all just need to say: hi. Everyone, smile, Maura, I was literally scrolling through that tweet I made and saw a thumbnail, so heinous. His fans are so young, hello, dude. What the [ __ ]. You literally want a fight. You literally have sexual tension with your mom Jake, my cyber bullying him right now. Also your Jake Paul hello. What's new, everybody makes fun of you on YouTube. What look did you not get the memo? You're, Jake, Paul dude! Look at you! You look like a you. Look like a member of a boyband that didn't get the cut, not a good line, no I! Just cyber bullied myself. Should we keep watching. This is pretty cringy very deep, Jake, very Jeep where's the line between funny and F dub. There you have it Jake cyber bully intern. What is this? Oh yeah, yeah I saw this this this evening. He's cyber bullying an intern. He goes. Please read if you're an aspiring music producer engineer. He says if you are a young aspiring music producer and engineer. Please read: we are need of a full-time producer engineer who will mainly act as an engineer. First, that doesn't sounds like a big gig right then he goes on. This will be an internship and will provide you with real life experience connections, exposure than a whole lot of fun, which I don't work on fun. Fun doesn't feed me idiot full-time, we wanna so I'm like Jake your team you're supposed to be the super millionaire. You can't page someone what the [ __ ] is this. It might be a paid internship. It does. It say, I'm paid to me when he says I think it is cuz yang. We will provide you with a real life except you're right, it's unpaid, I guarantee, because when he says I'm looking for a music producer engineer, we are in need of a full-time in-house producer engineer. That sounds like a job yeah full times. This is an internship. Yeah. Well, I mean anyway I'm trying to get that full-time in-house producer is also an intern bro. You can afford to pay him. You cyber bullying, yeah goddamn, right yep. We have a lot of fun out here in h3, HT podcasts, don't yes, we do you guys havin fun back there we're chillin yeah. How about you guys? Oh yeah, you guys [ __, ], suck, [Laughter], I! Guess I gotta are here: I! Guess I'm the one entertaining here. Moving on how's! That guys, can you hold the show for a minute? No I love, you guys, but sometimes you kill me in all seriousness. That was way crazier than I ever could have imagined what me asking you guys to participate on. Show the [ __ ], Jake, Paul video, like I, said: I didn't watch it because I kind of wanted it I wanted to see it fresh on the show and just from the description, I kind of had an image of what it would be, and that was so much more awkward, just kinda standing around I. Second, that very cranky. Well, actually, you know what let me pull it back up then, because I feel like when you have the full context of what he's trying to do. You can appreciate that kind of just cut to the chase, but here he explains what he's doing thanks mom I'm, just kidding kind of not really I'm about to confront like one of my biggest haters 28-year old, wannabe, comedian, kotico or I saw this car when we was working at full skirts, which is like community network as like a little back-end tech developer, and now he just shits on people yeah. Okay, welcome to the project. Imagine imagine to them. 15 16, 17, 18, 19 year old, 20 year old. That doesn't have as much self-confidence like what that would do to them, and why that's? Why, like Oh, even you he's his feelings, I know he's doing it for someone you've got a whole time: I'm not owned, I'm, not gonna logic, he's doing it for everybody else. He thought this confrontation went so well. He went made a a summer, so we cut the cameras off and you had a longer deeper conversation and I genuinely felt like Cody has zero remorse. He doesn't give a [ __ ] he's not gonna change his ways didn't work. I really thought it would his his processes or his thoughts, and everything is if he faces enough backlash. I believe that social media creators won't change if they are a bad person, unless they even know that honestly thought that you were gonna cause a backlash against Cody Co. With this video, you truly have the lowest IQ on this planet. You are so dumb from making a few jokes about it. Also like he's trying to show examples of Cody being a bully, and he shows him like making fun of minions I [ __ ], you not Cody's going minions, who likes those and he's showing that as an example, I was like dude I used to give J credit for being somewhat intelligent, business-wise. What I mean I could do both I, don't understand how he hadn't learned the lesson to like when he came on this podcast. What almost two years ago now, the reaction to his appearance was like largely positive because it seemed like he was just kind of owning the criticism and- and you know not quite embracing the meme, but you know he was self-deprecating. He was kind of humble while I was here and everything, and it seemed like that's when somebody shits on you. If that's how you react to it, people actually like you more, you know what I mean yeah well doing. This right just makes it makes me want to make fun of you even more right now I mean my cyberbully, the [ __ ] right. You know, you know, that's did you hit that you hit the nail on the head there Dan, because I feel like the charm of Jake was that everyone showed him and he just took it in stride, and it didn't bother him right, but now he's mr. cyber bully and it's not a good look, especially when he tries to pass it off like it's, not he's it's not about him. Just imagine somebody else how that's insecure, I'm secure, but somebody else might be insecure. I think anytime, Jake tries to articulate a point. He should stop and not be a sexual predator gets accused of you know it's not my dream. Come on. You look like four. No eyes see. That was a better one than the boy. Thank you, I yeah. Thank you all right. Well, moving on Game of Thrones I got a lot of grievances for games of Thrones here Game of Thrones. This is something that I've been invested in for such a long time. I love the story of the characters. I knew in my heart that this final episode would be irredeemably the worst thing ever. Did anybody like it? Let me start with no. No and Ian. You said you were more neutral, neutral, neutral to slightly negative onions. Part I was big thumbs down. I was a shoo-in you. What did you like about it? Or did you not read the books or I mean what were you? Did you just thought it was fine? How else they can do it. What was your tape? Yeah I, never read the books and I checked out like a few episodes ago. So I was just like it's. Alright, it's cool! Well, okay, spoiler alerts. Obviously I think everybody knows what now so. Bran becomes king and that's just so dumb, it's so dumb in so many different ways. I'm gonna break it down for you guys here, I'm very passionate about this, but before I get into it, this tweet I loved. This woman thinks that she says a lot of disappointed. Reactions on this website about bran becoming King reminds me why we live in a society with so many with so few maintainable opportunities for disabled people. This is meant to be oh yeah. This person thought that it because he's disabled that people aren't happy. This isn't meant to be comment on the show itself or the character. Reading I have not been a long follower and recently caught up some, because thinking that a disabled person don't deserve chances, because we can't do anything as restrictive settings perpetuates ableism. It's why we got unfairly shut out of them. Plus shut up. No, we don't like bran becoming King, because it is stump and it doesn't make sense. Can you imagine I hate, disabled people? That's why you shouldn't be king. Alright, y'all I've got a whole list, so come with me. Okay, I just have a list of [ __ ] I hated about this episode, one the unsullied leave the continent yet John is banished to the north. John is banished to the north because he kills Daenerys the unsullied his arm. Daenerys his army says he must be punished, they're the only ones they care they leave before John, yet John still has to go, live his whole life on the Nights Watch. Why so dumb nobody [ __ ] cares. Bran is the king. Why is brand the king I feel like they literally only did that to subvert expectations. They didn't build it up. They didn't justify it only three episodes ago in Winterfell. They want brand to be the Lord of Winterfell. He says: I can't be the Lord of Winterfell. I can't be anything anymore, I'm the three-eyed Raven. Now, while the sudden he's like yeah [, __ ], I'm King, and he even has the super smug out-of-character answer tyrion says: would you like to be king and bran says? Why do you think I came all this way, but all of a sudden he's mr. [ __, ] cool, also Brenda broken and the broken bran three-eyed Raven brand, the seeing brand the wise anything ran the broke-ass nerd brand alaimo? How would you call your king, the broken I? Don't know that name just I couldn't get over it brand. The broke-ass [ __ ] lame undeserving how about Arya, who trained all the show for this ability to take someone's face and go and do anything and kill anyone? She didn't use that ability not once the entire season. We built that up for nothing. In fact, Arya goes all the way into the red. Keep with the Hound turns back, finds the white horse. Like it's some kind of prophetic thing. We thought maybe Brandon said the horse. Guess who did nobody pointless? No reason for it. Arias character was pointless. Poorly written, nothing happened. You built this character up to have all these beautiful, backstories and threads to go and all these different places. What does she do sail west because nobody knows what's West? Are you [, __ ] kidding me? You have dragons, you have magic, you have boats and none of you, [ __ ], has ever sailed west. What the [ __ ] about her brother, that sees everything oh yeah, and how about bran, who could literally see everything nobody's been West shut up, nobody's been west, all the sudden she's, our she's Arya, the Explorer, but she's, not even here to explore. That's not even part of that's, not even a major part of her character. She wanted to become stronger. She wanted to escape, says. What is she explored that doesn't make sense, shows I'm going west, why? Why would she leave her family? The whole point of her story arc was to reunite with her family and protect them, and now she's going west. What [, __ ] you also everyone leaves Bryan alone. What is he gonna do by himself brand the worthless yeah, the broken brand yeah. Here we go. What was the point of John even being Aegon Targaryen? What was the point of it at all? It never amounted nothing to anything and never went anywhere. What was the point of anyone finding out? Various was writing notes to everyone in the whole kingdom that John is Aegon. Whatever happened, nothing ever happen with that. You know he never did anything. He literally was just sent back north as a punishment for murdering the queen, who the only person who cared about it was the unsullied who already sailed off. Why should John go to the north when he is the rightful king, yeah and everybody knows he's the rightful he has the following people already want him to he's. The one guy who is well respected is battle-tested. Rue knows how to rule has groomed his whole life on how to rule, and besides all that is the rightful king. Why is he going to the north when everybody wants him to be king and the only people who don't want him to be king already, [ __ ] left the entire continent. Let me ask you also this tyrion, who has proven to be one of the dumbest characters possible in the last two seasons, finally commits the biggest Coupe de gras of all time of stupidity. He's comes walking out in chains in front of grey worm. Having been a conspirator and the murder of his Queen Daenerys- and he says you know who should be king, the one with the best story, seriously Tyrion and all of your travels and all everything you've been through. You've decided that the person should be king is not the one who's capable, not the one, who's smart, not the one. Who was the people, the interests of the people at heart? No, he says the one who should be king is the won't the best story. Sorry, what the [ __ ] does that have to do with your ability to rule. That's the point of your character to come with to that the best story. So he says that's why branch should be the king cuz. He has the best story. [ __ ] stop right. There, bran doesn't even have the best story: [ __ ] you Jon has the best story. By far he died and came back. He died. He was living his whole life a lie. He was Aegon Targaryen raised by Ned Stark as his own son. Everyone thought Ned Stark was like a perfect guy, except that he cheated on his wife. Nobody could believe that guess what he was raising his sister's son the whole time to cover her deep secret. It was John the whole time he was the Targaryen that everyone was looking for. He rode a dragon. He killed the Queen, the girl he loved, to save the realm guys. He is the true king and you can tell me bran, who fell, have a [, __ ] window and sat quietly in a wheel chair. The whole time has the best story, even by that stoop metric, which doesn't make any [ __ ] sense. He does even have the best story. Tyrion continues to be the worst character. Ever he went from being the smart, wise all-knowing character that everybody trusts and loved to being an absolute nitwit who should have been thrown off the side of the [ __ ] castle by Daenerys, because he's useless and he's an idiot, his career doesn't make any [ __ ] sense. Why didn't anyone even allow him to make that decision, let alone the unsullied who would have put his [ __ ] head on a spike knowing them allowed Tyrion to make the decision for brand to be king, and then everybody else just goes along with it? How dumb is that? Okay, the? What do you call the people that the from the iron the iron island they go? She made an allegiance. The iron island girl made a legion area for to Danny and Tyrion. Just goes no! No! No! You know what bran a stark should be king, because he has an interesting story and then two minutes later she goes I suggested democracy. Let the people vote yeah yeah, they all laughed at him, they're. Okay, with that yeah [, __, ], democracy, oh, and by the way. What is the point of Sam's story? How much did that guy go through just to be a [ __ ] Meister for bran the broken like seriously? That is what it all led to give me. A [, __ ] break Sam ended up being a useless little [, __ ] himself. Tyrion is the biggest useless [ __ ] brand. His character doesn't even make any [ __ ] sense, and everyone at that table is a punk [, __ ], useless, [, __, ], okay, how about the Prince from Dorne, who magically shows up at the end of the story and also on all the sudden is like okay yeah? Let's have bran be king because he has an interesting story. Meanwhile, his stark sister who says Oh up for me: I'm gonna, be independent in the north and everyone's cool with that too. So now the Starks are in charge of the north and the entire kingdom, and everyone's just like I, because brand has an interesting story. Yo- and you just I, didn't even think about this till now, but the the great tragic Yara yeah you pointed out. She she was only there because she had the deal with Daenerys. Yes, the deal was that the Iron Islands were gonna become independent. Yes, so why would so Sansa gets to leave, but she doesn't yeah and she didn't and do you know why? Damn that's? Do you know why? Because bran has a interesting story. Good point: oh yeah, there was one scene of John killing Danny and then it cuts from that to everyone sitting there already. Knowing what happened. That's it came from Winterfell that would take months to get there. Yeah yeah I think it's implied. There was a long time skip, but that's up I mean everything was so [ __ ] rushed. It was I. Never did that, though, so Danny who's, the major the most impactful character of the whole story, the mother of dragons. She is slayed by John, her lover she dies and in the very next scene, they're laughing and goofing around they're. Her death has no impact. It has a negative impact. It is so not impactful. It is so pointless and worthless. I mean how could you [ __ ] this up? You can see that the writers these bozos, who created this show, have literally checked out. This is a spit in the face of fans. I hate it I hate it. It doesn't make any sense. It's so bad, it's so bad dude. These two idiots who made the show just ran off to make Star Wars. They literally didn't give a [ __ ] about how this story ended. It doesn't make sense. Bran has a better story. What the hell I love to when Tyrians like explaining his rationale for why he has a good story and he's saying things like he's. The three-eyed Raven does other than like one or two characters. Do any anyone get that meeting have any idea what the [ __ ]? No, in fact, we don't even know what that we don't know what that means. Bran doesn't even know what that means for all I know it doesn't mean anything. In fact, during the long night, when the when the king of winter got bitched out by Arya, we were wicked. The night King got Bishop Arya, we were being like you know, brand they're gonna explain he was up to some [ __ ]. He was doing stuff. No, he was sitting there uselessly the whole [ __ ] time he Worf worked into some crows. What he literally did not cool er if he was like, because the thing is it kind of leaves it with this sort of it's not explicit at all, but like this sort of implication, that bran was puppet. Mastering everything like you said when he's out of character is like that's. Why I'm here or whatever so I think what that was was like a last-ditch pathetic attempt by the writers to give some meaning right at all to their writing. When actually, there wasn't any that's, not brands character. That is just not brands character if they didn't set it up. That way, they didn't put any clues into it. That literally in the episode before he said, I'm, nothing I can't rule anymore. This person said it greatly Nathan, he I, don't know what it's from, but he says so Jon Jon Snow was a Targaryen for no reason. Bran became the three-eyed Raven for no reason. Danny had an amazing did amazing things for three seasons for no reason Prince who was promised no reason everyone you wanted to team up for eight season teams up for no reason: everyone you wanted to die dies for no reason: Brandon Stark this character. No one gives a [ __ ] about for three season, his king. Why no reason that's why I've watched Game of Thrones since 2011 for no reason at all harsh but a shame, because it was so well made and it's just I loved a word that they created and the characters and actors and the outfits like everything about it, is so well made, and then the story was just so I think that's important to say, because I saw I think it was sonses character that what's-her-name. So she was saying that she thought she was disgusted by everyone's reaction, because everyone worked so hard and again a great variation to remake it with a million and it's not in it. And again it's not about you. Everyone says I say I mean that when Daenerys attack King's Landing it was it was some of the most incredible footage. I have ever seen on television or movie or cinema I mean the show was just amazing and the work they put in was just amazing. The acting it was breath. Everything about the show was amazing and he's done. The reason I am swimming pissed off is because he's too [ __ ] bozos, the HP I wanted tenth season, and these two [ __ ], who got their heads way too big, wanted to run off and make Star Wars, and they this this cultural masterpiece. This important this was an important piece of cultural literature. They didn't they betrayed George, RR, Martin's vision, they betrayed the fans in HBO because they wanted to go. Make a Star Wars movie now mark my words, I guarantee you to this day. Everything they make from now on will be [ __ ], because we are going to see their true talent as filmmakers. The were only good because they were working with George or Martin. They had the source material to work from, and the show was fantastic because they're able to work with that, but now everything they make is gonna, be [, __ ], because their true colors gonna come out. They're gonna go make a Star Wars trilogy, it's gonna be ass and after that, people are not gonna work with them, and they're gonna go down as talentless hacks that by some fluke made this incredible show, but that they ruined the ending and I do think that they have tarnished the legacy of what was otherwise one of the most incredible and important television sagas in a modern time, I mean really, and it still is, despite their best efforts to ruin it, but that that that that petition is not against all those crew. Members work, in fact, I would say it's in support of them. Their hard work, those guys [ __ ] on everyone's hard work. By ending it hastily the way they did. That's my take on it. Yeah I'm upset. Here's George are Martin. Talking about it, I don't know, we could have gone to eleven twelve thirteen seasons exactly I, guess they wanted a life you wanted to. Well, you know if you've read that my novels, you know there was enough material for four more seasons. They made certain cuts. What but that's fine. We have five other shows five prequels and development that are based on other periods in the history of Westeros. There you go he's not he's being cordial, but you can tell he ain't happy. Why? Wouldn't they just pass it to someone else because they had it? They had an exclusive agreement. George said that he never wanted to make. Have his books be made into media unless it was the perfect people and he met these two guys. He thought they were right, he'd liked them and he gave them the sole authority to make this show. So when they left HBO couldn't hire someone else to finish it. They literally [ __ ] on everybody. What's the point of the Ice King, nothing by the way, also notice. After this episode there was no commentary, you know how they always suck their own. Think about now anything for it yeah cuz. We talked about it last time. Guys I want to see what you have to say about this. You know, what's the perfect little twist of bad writing at the end, branch shows up tyrians there with their new circle and what who shows up are the most worthless, pathetic group of people, including bran, by the way who started as a secondary character. That was charming. Who became this I? Think George are Martin said the brand bran was never meant to be a central character and the producers liked him, so they kept the network wanted to bring more of him. Bran who has betrayed Tyrion at every level possible is now his master of coin sitting there. This guy is this. Writing is so pathetic that also presupposition positions that Tyrion appointed Bronn to have a seat at the table of as master of coin yeah material is literally the dumbest most useless character in this story. By far these past two seasons I go further back than that, but yeah definitely most deteriorated from where that character. Once was, you know, one of the highlights of the show at one point also, while the Dothraki kind of forgot that whoever kills their cow becomes Kyle yeah, remember actually, all the lore and story building the Dothraki. When you kill their cow, you become the cow because they respect power and strength. Danny was their cow, John killed Danny, they would, by their own traditions, follow John right, yeah idiot that they just disappeared. They didn't even address what happened to them. They just wouldn't raped and pillaged. Also brand said you may be able to know where the dragon is and then there's nothing there like brands, like any reports of where the dragon is no I'll be I, might be able to follow. I might be able to find him. Okay, I felt like that. Had a look at dark implication too. Right he's got what he's gonna warg it so now he has the dragon to like rule with an iron fist. Wasn't he supposed to already war get in the battle that was the whole [ __ ] point of everybody contributing something you just you can't just keep hinting stuff and then it doesn't go anywhere like what was the white horse? Why did Arya go on a white horse and then next episode starts with her walking. The horse is not even done believably bad writing, unbelievably unforgivably by a variety, in fact, so much that the character who plays brand when he fret first read read the ending script, he's thought it was a prank. He said he thought he was being pranked yikes, no dude, that's for the real ending. Also, these idiots cannot stop. How hard is it when you're shooting a scene watch this? They had a cop in the previous scene, okay, cutie, there's a water bottle and the final scene of the show the [ __ ] water bottle. That's what they're doing in the season finale guys whoops. That just gives you an idea of how [ __ ] checked out. I bet you they weren't. Even there they're out there sucking Jar, Jar Binks [ __ ] yeah. Exactly we collected a I'm so upset you guys I'm so upset about this. It's seriously, if you told me Bram becomes king John kills Danny, it's not even just that one coming. It's like how you got there. Everything happened so fast, yeah I, agree have any motion. When then he died, I wasn't even feeling anything. It was literally nothing. There was all these emotional music and then the next thing is like you're supposed to laugh and like II, don't even it just had no effect. I was incredulous when the dragon just randomly like nukes the [ __, ], Iron Throne, so [, __, ], corny and again I thought. Maybe that was a state line or a statement that they're gonna go with no King right and but then actually all it ends up being is a handicap ramp for brand. Here we we could. We, we gathered a bunch of memes because we weren't the only ones who are upset by this. Actually I mean it's usually with these kind of things. It's pretty divisive, but I mean outside of the woman who thinks it's. Cuz brands handicapped seems, like most, people are [ __ ] on the ending, including the cast oh yeah. This was great Sansa's like Brant, can't reproduce absolutely no. What's Sansa Brandt's dick doesn't work. Who has a better story than Brant Tyrion? How about every single person in the show yeah? There's nothing in the world more powerful than a good story. We kind of forgot stories are supposed to be good Sam. What? If we invented democracy? Everyone else you dumb [, __, ], oh yeah Daenerys is my queen. Bran should be king, hi, Tyrion brand, the broken brand yeah, actually just Brandon school Tyrion bran, the busted up, no okay, Terry and bran. The wheelie wheelie legs go feely, no feeling no feeling what's west of Westeros I, don't know, no one knows its brand: okay, yeah John, yeah, yeah yeah. When you this was a very popular one. When you don't contribute to the group project and still get a name, its brand yeah brand, a little weird, we appear to be missing a master of whispers. You literally see everything by the way why all the sudden is brand. Mr., like regal like he knows how to like [ __, ], you've just been wandering around in the snow. You idiot you did in the early seasons rule but he's not brain anymore. That's true, right, right, best way to kill Cersei one Jamie kills her Knight Cain kills her Arya kills her drug on, kills her bran wargs into number fifteen brand wargs and to Cersei and commit suicide 146. She gets pneumonia and dies, 1672 gets trampled by rocks, Cersei and Jaime could have moved if they survived. Just a little bit to the right, sir Jamie died while telling Cersei that he was in love with Brienne, who was superhot in the end. That's what she wrote and the King's. You know there's a little book that she writes. The story couldn't handle the snap of her sweet puss, so he crawled back to his skanky ex Sarah I. Couldn't make you [ __ ], like your sister Jamie, you, gold, fisted, loser me watching Brianna close the book. Without letting the ink dry there was actually a great line. Someone said Brianne closing the book without letting the ink dries. The perfect metaphor for this season: mmm we set sail for Nath and leave seven kingdoms forever. Is he gone I think so? Lil Jon you can stay here is cool now, yeah. Exactly and now our batch has ended these two idiots. This was actually a great one. It's got a Rubik's Cube George's book and then these bozos just painted over the night of it to make it look like it was complete. That's actually really clever. Eh yeah yeah I like that one. What do we say to HBO on Monday unsubscribe? You know what it's not HBO's fault. They wanted to do. Ten seasons I like HBO, I'm, gonna, stay subscribe to HBO I, respect HBO for creating this. They still have great shows. They still have great programming. I'm just upset that this cultural hallmark really was just laid to rest. I mean it ended much like Danny pathetically quickly and without a single tear. I was going through mourning to be honest over the past last. Several episodes I was getting sad that it was ending, but whenever we would talk about it off air, you were like legitimately sad like not even angry, like just sad about it. I was yeah and and I wasn't able to really come cope with the loss of this story in these characters, because I'm I'm dealing with what is just utterly like pathetic, writing I mean really just like like middle school grade. Writing finish the story and we've got a lot more about. Let's, let's save it. I want to do a um, no meme left behind soon and there's there's a lot of really great material here. Yeah I feel like I was [ __ ]. This whole episode, man, I, was I, was on one I was like, but there you have it. That's the HT podcast I do guys enjoyed I guess when I drink tea I turn into a [ __ ]. That's it! That's all! Oh, and we made a new video on a shoe issue. Productions ela is pregnant as Frick. She is gonna, be give birth any day. Now my back really hurts I can barely sit. You know we're at the point where, like I mean this could be the last episode before him. I mean yeah happen at any moment, people were wondering we are still I'm gonna, come in by myself and just update people, don't think it'll, be nice just get out of the house we're at the hospital but yeah but we'll play by here, but my intention is to come. Do it solo just do a short one like an hour or something just talk about stuff, maybe bring some footage. Video someday village review with the baby, not like you, [ __, ] out the babies like home, video, yeah yeah. You look concerned guys have a blessed weekend, TGIF and God as written in the Bible thank God. It's Friday, we love the weekend. We love our crew. Our cast Dan and Zach Ian by the way is been making these cold opens he's doing a fantastic job thinking of grooming and to become one of our editors so he's, even though he may be getting a promotion soon. He will be in turn himself forever by title. That's true, he's like so loud like, but yeah I want people to know that he is getting promoted, he's being recognized within the ranks of the company, but he's still in the intern forever in our hearts matter. Thank you for your service dan I mean come on Dan the producer who you kidnap, it's the Ross of the rock. You know what I'm saying we got a way. I want to give it away, but we gotta do something with that. The Ross! Thank you guys for watching. Thank you for your support. I. Thank you all for being here with us and listening to me, ramble I got more there's more to come. I wonder if there's gonna be more drama, I feel like it'll, never end, bang. It has got to end I kind of would like it. Why you know what I mean I, don't I think it's most dramatic like month of my whole career. So it's nice not being involved in it, though it's so that's whatever it's a very stinkin. That is not involved all right guys! Thank you all so much. We do love, you appreciate you for being a part of the show and being here with us. We will see you next week until then have a fantastic week and a great week and I had love you guys, [Music].