Hello, everybody and welcome back to 2020 h3 experience. We are now happening now because it's 2020 and we have no time to waste right here. That's right! Thank you to honey for sponsoring this episode. I have another bathroom story. The only bathroom I just saw we always pee before the show, yeah and he's walking around. You know I just I, guess I understand where they're coming from, but he had the key literally on the metal front of a car bumper, like you know, if they get the object, so big you attach the key to you so like it's like a huge metal rod, the guys walking around with it car bumper I, don't know if they're making jokes like taking it to the next level, but because I saw one with like a wooden spoon of cooking mmm as a keychain to the key. Now you are people understand what we've been talking about. Yeah when you take the key to the bathroom in a public in an office setting, they always put it on like this stupidly. Big thing: it's getting out of hand, I, guess it's so that you don't forget to return. Yes, Ethan, like you ever done, but it's not that serious almost once a week yeah. Well, we did get like a hundred copies. They kept taking them home in my bag on like 50, but I. Think there's just it's getting a little out of control. It I literally saw an old dude carrying a carboy with both ends like this guys no shape. Oh, we should do Thea. You know what would be funny for the guests. Okay, we should attach it to the Gatsby, so they have to ride. To the bathroom. I got us for the Teddy fresh office. Little teddy bear keychains, mm-hmm and every time I go to the bathroom. It's like so fun, no I love. It got this little teddy bear way made up for the teddy bear. Keychains I was moved by that I was moved. I also want to give a quick shout out to altered carbon, which is this show on Netflix. That I've been desperately looking for a show to watch for so long, thirsty, drought-stricken dying of thirst and then I saw everyone on reddit was all hyped altered. Carbon season, - I was I. Didn't watch sees one I just expect it with some dumbass. One of the there's so much dumb Netflix shows was like am I. Gonna click that [ __ ] I'm. Two episodes in this thing is spectacular. It's like a um mm-hmm cyberpunk film noir, but the production level is insane. It's like it's just creative, which is fun to find all of sudden. You can't know where it's so good. Ela fell, asleep I wanted to keep watching. Was it because I'm responsible? We got a show today? Well, you do fall asleep early, regardless of if there's only because we have a newborn baby. Well, I, like a show, is my point: I didn't fall asleep because of the show, yeah I know no I know no I'm not trying to imply that at all I would never imply such thing. You know: okay, I, just remembered I have a story that I didn't get to tell you from my last exercise that if there was a video, it would have been hilarious but obviously I'm not recording myself exercising. Do you want to hear yes, I'm all ears, okay, so I exercise with a trainer and she put on one side this. We have this big medicine ball, that's kind of soft and if you throw it like against the floor, you have to use a lot of force. It doesn't really jump back up mm-hmm, so I do five of those like throwing slamming it on the floor, and then you squat to pick it up and then run a little bit to the other side, and then she put a second ball there. For me to do the same thing mm-hmm and we only had a different ball. That's like the medicine ball they're using the pool mmm and that one is heavy and it bounces back. I didn't think about that and I slammed it super hard and then I like lean to squat, to pick it up and hit me in the face. Mmm, embarrassing. I see, were you hurt, and this morning I was like doing this and I was like ow. What happened then I realized oh yeah, I slammed myself in the face. Did Tyler laugh for you yeah? Oh, she laughing through mm-hmm I. Think we've all done something I've done that with like a battery or something you know, but it did hurt a lot yeah I can smack in the face with the might know is straight. You know, but I'm sorry that happened to you well, you've learned a valuable I have I, don't think that will happen again. I'm, never touching that ball again, but okay, whatever you do to protect yourself yeah. Thank you for sharing that you you're welcome. Now. How do you write that story compared to the post-office story that stories of five it's a four story would have been a ten yeah yeah yeah. If you saw the video of you yeah cuz I was so not expecting it and it's landed like it's loaned me at full force. And what do you guys rate that story? Everybody go ahead, be honest, be honest, I'm, giving it a 6.5. Okay, go ahead; Sakon yeah, don't make me beg all right, give it a seven what it's funny. If you told that at a party, why am I always on a show like this? That's not easy. Can you not hear me you not here? No, we hello, hello, oh something's, going on cuz. We can all hear him. You gave it a so you can hear him he's in your the same room as you I mean it's coming through. Alright, maybe I should have opened with this story. I know it's great, but the whole I like the whole rewind, like ten writing stories at the beginning of the show yeah if you've got them, but I do what should I hold on to sixes no I liked it I liked. No I like this. You didn't good. Anyone else have any stories. They want. It's great Zacks telling me to test my microphone. Can you hear me? Yes, so is Zacks fault? Yes, okay, so let's get right into the juice here. Wendy Wendy as main point Wendy Williams is denying fart gate. Now, in the last episode, we covered Wendy Williams, who was caught, ripping major ass. Her television show here it is for everyone who needs a refresher or miss the originally live. Now you can't just slap people on the booty yeah. Of course, he probably knows he's not a woman to a man, but you can I mean sexual assault, so y'all heard that and Zack actually isolated it good Zack. That's. Why are you sure? That's that sound you're, not messing with me? No I saw him extract. My life. Obviously ya know, but I can't believe you got it so clean Oh head again, wow I, really that's gross listening a psycho once a year fart say it's filling she's running in my face, but like how often do free pass like that that genuinely once a year yeah once a year, hmm well anyway, she denied it. She went through this whole hubbub of denying it which just made her look even more guilty. She, this is amazing the hole that the links she goes to deny it. By the way she calls it fart gate which I really love and I thought she was going to kind of embrace the fart gate. But then she goes to this elaborate lengths to deny that she made a fart. You guys can judge for yourselves here to release a fart, I'm leaning over like this, because it's comfortable, no you're. First of all, the posture is completely different: she's leaning on the Ottoman arm. But if you look at the fart standing on the chair, she was leaning. She was like doubled over, like it's like here. Look she's like cramp, yeah body language, girl, I, don't buy that like oh yeah, this is the same body image. No now she's gonna sit like this. Every episode you enough. Let me go back cause everyone's clapping. It's like a weird time. It's like watching their free lunch, lady, so guys it's alright I like watching way. Literally warm topics I like going through this now for a moment and I would like to have a private conversation: okay, she's, getting a what I love the shots of the audience being like she's she's she's, putting tea as like fart gate. I might have invented a lot because now all other talk shows to do are trying to do a lot. Really. Just me Wendy, humble [Music]. Look at all of these. What do you call I know you would say dick Ryder for a ma'am? What would you what's the female equivalent of a dick writer, those guys here? Nobody there, you got a riding herd, dick [, __, ] I, don't know no idea, mm-hmm, Wendy writers, I. Imagine them like surfing on our vaginal pubes like hanging on and flapping in the wind. Anyone know why well they're, small and she's a giant. How do you surf on pubes, though mass you know the factor? I, don't lean over like this to release a fart, I'm leaning over like this, because it's comfortable, you know if I sit like this all the time. You know it's heavy on my spine. I, don't have the back up: yep girl, yep, yep yep, who are these people? You know she ripped ass bro. We were all there. We all saw it get the back I like to release my hips yeah, yes, [Applause] belch or rub mites away. I've been doing this for 11 years. Okay, on this show, what are you guys? Our fans back me up like that. You know what I'm saying I, don't see my fans at home when I get in the [, __ ] and then they'd go for me. They go. They don't give me that you go girl treatment. Well, do they, you don't see them, so they might be. I need okay, well, I like to think that they are, but sometimes I just don't know, I barely fart. You know why, because gas gets released, several different ways and mine is belching. No, you still fart. That's [ __ ], you, the farts, are the [ __ ] in your [ __ ] decomposing, that's the process of by which will you absorb your food through your colon, you boat, you do both everybody does both you can't say you don't fart Wendy. Why is your name when do that? [Laughter] anyway, it went viral and finally, like she had a viral moment, I would have made a big deal like if I farted I would have definitely been on that because farts are always funny. Yeah girl, huh yeah, just take a look at the clip and then I'm going to go more in depth more in depth. I wasn't playing that look how she doubled over first person Utley. The first thing: that's key to notice. Cuz I wondered maybe somebody faked it because she was doubled over and she paused, and somebody had this genius idea to put a fart sound in there, because it would look so real, but they don't deny that the sound is in there. Okay, they go through to an extreme lengths to explain it away. Go ahead. [Applause], okay, I just want to make sure that you all are on board with this clap. If you know about fart gate, a girl like we would have been laughing at that. Second of all by the sound of that fart I would have had to go change, my costume. No, that was a dry one. I reckon I won't even save the costume. Why we're throwing it away? It'd, probably be soiled, be on soil tivity? What I suspect cuz me and my manager Bernie? We went over it. You know, prime, like Bernie went over it with the manager, and so we said Wendy ice water so stupid. Clearly, you know, there's somebody who superimposed the sound. It's your show know what I'm saying and then it goes viral and you know whatever. So that's what's up with fart gate, although Norman says he's got another theory check the tapes the sound is, there is superimposed, but mr. guy promised the god wait was having stop Wendy's like wait. Stop you weren't supposed to say that I would like to have a second person to weigh in on this okay, my trusty Steve John Anderson Shawn Shawn. Are you around yeah Jon know stuff John just come back. John's gonna explain this whole part a whole buncha. Fine and you know I know how to get down and dirty right. There was no fart continue. What do you know? I want you to chime in okay. So during the show there was like an incredible hissing noise. I know you didn't hear it, but it was very distracting to me so I'm liking the controlling, like guys, there's a hissing noise like what is that it's like it sounds crazy, but Kate the chemists with Kate the chemist, a okay John. So we were, we were doing an experiment out here with a tank. It's called air gas and we didn't have the proper hose wait rip this tank for too long rolled up a fish tank. That's an age and we're guilty personal. This is yeah, so in other words, when you drop like a piece of aluminum foil inside the tank. Ah, it's supposed to float in midair, okay, so it wasn't working. Okay, cuz we didn't have the proper hose. India was just coming. No, she had a meeting with the whole crew, oh yeah, and she was super serious and she was like you guys, find what happened mm-hmm and then they all had to scramble and bring out John. You ripped that John explained what happened he's like Charlie. What the conspiracy she's like yeah. We were doing the gas experiment and he heard the hissing no dude. He ripped the ass lady. She probably did [ __ ]. Her pants he's like everybody in my field, has lost respect. For me. They know you can't produce the sound of a fart dude. It sounds like there was a lab on your [ __ ]. Why? No? No, that sound is just so stupid that somebody off-camera is producing a fart sound that strong. Then, what do you think is the producer? Yeah I mean I. Guess they had this chemist on on the same day? Is what they're trying to pass it off on, but it doesn't. Even it doesn't sound like anything like that. Yeah like what, but just like skin flapping with his story, is that they were doing these tests the whole time, but just this one moment where she's cramped over and pauses, then all the sudden, just it's just sitting, but then all the sudden it, but also who does who does like loud testing during a live, show, recording, there's [ __ ], isn't it I mean there could have been something going on backstage, but yeah I mean that would have required a the sound guy to have left some microphone back there open, which you know is already unlikely. You know and be. The microphone specifically is miked on this one valve making a squeaking noise like what loops it's such a clean, sound yeah that to come through to Wendy I'm imagining. If we wanted to capture a sound like that, you would have to rewrite microphone just like that right right right on it. That's such a clean, beautiful, fart, sound. You could put that on like an audio library, you know, and also the one her producer kind of messed up her old story, because he says I heard the hissing and I told him to fix it. So what kind of set is this where he says I hear hissing and it continues and then makes a fart sound? Well, it's easily disprovable! You can just go back. Do we hear the hissing creeper do No yeah, Remo experiment I want to hear fart gate is not closed. Windy bar gate is open and and more us more. They need to release the tapes conspiratorial. They never release the tapes. I demand witnesses. Let me tell you it wasn't [Music] normal. They say the average human being farts between 14 and 26 times a day. I know Wendy hey. What are you saying now? Doesn't fart that much she's saying she doesn't fart I can't believe you're going to such great lengths. I don't have a guilty person God. Can you look at it all right, Kelly, going on the interview yeah right, it's on the pause, how she pauses right, right, right, I'm, fighting for my life! Yeah you see everyone's lying just like you'll see, I was about to give you some rhythm during commercials, but you just turned me all the way off in the white shirt. That's you I see three Suzanne I, don't know what team they play. Would you play for my team three strapping men on the front, you're [, __, ] freak, it's just some confused lady who's, like farting, rippin, ass and everyone's confused. She looks like the Cryptkeeper not far from our show. Well at least I'm not like in front of a live audience acting like I'm, the [ __ ] with the world as a podcast. Nobody has expectations here, Crypt Keeper, look at the Crypt Keeper and tell me there's not a resemblance I swear to god hold on what Wendy yeah hold on I'm telling you there is here, look that aired edit edit, edit edit edit edit there I okay here once you see it it's in the eyes and air y'all are tripping. If you don't see it, okay, smart get over. No, it's just beginning. We demand answers. The American public demands to know looks like a frog. Don't you think she looks like Kripke bear? No, you guys are wrong. Sorry, maybe a tiny bit! Okay! Thank you. That's enough! We can move on now, uh that about I. Don't do that that that baba baba baba all right, I'm ready so anyway, she denies it yadda yadda yadda, but then this brings me to another Wendy Williams one. She was actually got a lot of [ __ ] recently, because she really is the worst, and it would be sad of me to not even mention that she got cancelled before making fun of Joaquin Phoenix's cleft lip, which is a condition, as you guys know, yeah you're born where your lip is kind of pinned up towards your nose and it's actually it's really easy to fix. They kind of just I, don't know what they do, but you're just you're with a scar here, so he's got a scar from being born with a cleft lip, and this is her. Take on cleft lip Joaquin was kind of transform like when he shaves that off. But the way he looks at you. Yes, that's piercing, I hate I was crazy and he's got that good nose. It dips way down like he's happy with it. So so am I and when he shades off his my nose he's got a hairline. She is such a trash. Human being like look at your face, lady talk about somehow other people. Look, my god! You want everyone to look like he's, saying like how is he okay with his nose? Yeah? Yes, yes, I, guess she thinks everyone should get plastic surgery have their face by no Dan. Listen back. She said he says his nose, he's okay with his nose, so I guess I am to the Golden Globe for okay. Well, yes, Beyonce sitting! First of all, she smiled and I. Think that's enough! You know what I'm saying imagine the show, but imagine walk by I'm fascinated by her sitting down all night long. First of all, second of all, nobody in this room is Beyonce. Okay, you went back way to for a different platform. Are you know captivated by this commercial break? What dance this is the genius Tolman use these buttons and I'm trying to use the buns and nothing makes sense. Okay, stop I'm going the right direction, you see in the Johnny Cash movie, yes, and he knows how to transform like when he shaves that off. But the way he looks at you. Yes, that's piercing I hate those crazy period and he's got that good nose. It dips way down like he's happy with it. So so am I. You see she thinks he should get plastic surgery and look like the Cryptkeeper like her. You know when you get a certain amount of plastic surgery. Everyone starts looking the same. It's like a different race, so she thinks that everyone should look like a frankly uh. It looks like she has a birth defect. Can I say that looks like she came out wrong, I, don't know, and when he shaved off his mustache she's got a hairline fracture he's got one of those. What he called it. Cleft lip yeah, cleft palate he's got this yeah he's got this no I find it to be I, find it to be very attractive. It doesn't have that anyway to be funny, but so not you know, I have to say after watching a clip, I, don't think it's as big of a deal, as everyone said, she's just she's, always elected I think they are and complimenting him, but in her way well she's just a dummy she's, just she's. Just don't you know like dips way down like he's happy with Blake or something when he cites you cuz mustache she's got a hairline fracture he's got um. What do you call the clutchless like the first time, I watching he's got this yeah he's got this. Oh, so people just capped this and then post, which is funny, but he doesn't have that now he fixed that he was born with that and he fixed it and he has just a scar there. So you know what do you get anyway? That's not really something that she should make fun of cuz. Some people can't fix it. Oh yeah yeah, it's a real shame when people can't fix it, because it's it's apparently really easy to address. Yeah I had someone in school and that had it and they they couldn't fix. It know how to talk to her about it. So I don't know, maybe they just have the money? No, no, it's a real shame. You know um, but I mean if it's like you can't. You can't fall her for this she's. Her whole act is disgusting. You know and I mean it's like it's the whole shows the problem. So that's what that's my take. What do you guys think? Is she being offensive here or is this just Wendy passing gas as usual? It's seems like not that big a deal yeah, it's not any worse than calling her the Crypt Keeper Dan you're, canceled Zak good I mean it's [. __ ] I mean why make fun of that Zak. You passed the purity test, yeah I mean I, guess Joaquin's playing the Joker, but Wendy's the one. That's clowning I think you pass I, think you played it cool and you didn't give an answer, but I do want a direct answer from you, and so please, no but I need to know if he passed the purity test or not. You can't like a soundbite. Do it yeah. You got a soundbite for this exact. Yes, thank you. Can you answer for me? You know once you request the soundbite you're all bets are off dude. Thank you. This is all the soundbite I'm not actually. Well, let's start to a break, we got a crap ton of stuff to get to Frick load of stuff to get to man. It's only been 30 minutes. We've only talked about one story, but I love talking about Wendy she's, one of my favorites she's, my favorite, that fart is pretty greats. I think that somebody's gonna be around for a long time. Okay, it's a work of art, all right, sound bite that sound bite that sound bite that I'm not touching this one, all right, let's go to a quick break, guys we'll be right back with lots. More HD pod casts here to entertain. You during the actually don't come, I was gonna say during the week, but it comes out on Saturday. Isn't that a shame? You know it is what it is not such a big deal. It says: okay, listen, listen so enjoy it on the weekend. Yeah! Oh, you don't have such a great weekend guys go ahead and go to break by this time. You've all heard about honey, the free online shopping tool that automatically finds the best promo codes available to you on the internet and automatically applies them to your cart. You know how great it feels, but did you know how great it feels when you save what they wrote jokes here? So let me lift off most of these jokes here. Saving with honey feels like sliding into a seat on the train just before the doors, closed honey. If saving with honey feels like a know, wiper, you know when you take a dump and it's a perfect. That's an original joke. I wrote that one right out of my head right now, saving with money feels like when you take that perfect turd and you don't have to wipe not even once that is the best, then the one that they wrote is hitting every green light on your commute. That's pretty good! Not that original of an observational saving with honey feels like finishing up your podcast episode right as you walk into work, save with honey field. This is one I wrote finishing your load right before your mom walks in and catches you, you guys know what I'm talking about right, like as a kid. If you're in your room like jerking it and then you finished, and then your mom walks in like a minute afterwards, you're like oh, my god, I could have she could have walked in on me. But I just finished my load right back me up. Zach back me up, Zach! Yes, yes, yes! No, but in all seriousness we love honey because it's not because of their jokes. No, but because of their 30 because they save you money for free. All you do is in two clips install the honey extension on whatever browser you use, Chrome or otherwise, when you're at the cart of your favorite online store, it automatically searches the web and applies the best coupon code to save you, a bunch of money. Take for example, here we were shopping at the gap for young Theodore. We love Baby, Gap, guess what oh I'm just oh I'm, just stupid Ethan did it Oh Oh what dude and it goes did it or did it saved you $11.60 just like that and it's free yeah I? Don't even it's for it's free I probably saved almost a thousand dollars from buying [ __ ] online with honey, and it's there's no catch yeah. You know, honey has found it over 18 million members over two billion dollars in savings. That's did you know that honey supports over 30,000 stores online, including Macy's Target, Sephora, Best Buy, and more and they're adding more every day, so using honey feels pretty great. Think of it as a little daily victory, plus it's free to use and installs in just a few seconds, get honey for free at join honey, calm, slash, h3, that's join honey, calm, / h3! Now we only have one sponsor today and we have to run to the bathroom I'm gonna waste a little time how much time we got Dan three minutes Oh about three minutes. Let's add one more minute, so people always wonder today. I've explained this so many times, but we don't cut it's alive. It's a live feed, even though we don't live with them. It's a live. Feed don't want to edit. This is the wrong: don't rise to the rock yeah exactly even though we're not live, we want it to be unfiltered baby. New Teddy, fresh drop comes out next birth or actually less than a week now on Thursday. This is just some examples. The 2020 Valentine's drop, really fun stuff, I had to say I think that this drop is gonna, set the tone for the whole year. It's elevated, the quality is insane. The designs are insane, you guys are gonna, see and feel the difference. We are doing lots of laboratory testing on our clothing to ensure prove. Oh, we are everyday ela. This is an original ela design. We workshop this hoodie or the sweater for so long to get it perfect and it came out amazing. You got the patches you got, but there's there's a ton of great [. __ ], you guys are gonna want damn you are bursting with teddy teddy bear bling on your necklaces as well. I designed this shirt I want to take full credit for that, although some of that complicated I just really like the the knit collar yeah I, think it's a great church so with that being said, I think we're about ready to go back. What do you think, then we're good all right thanks, guys, [Music] we're back. We are back so my next topic is a little bit delicate, I'm, not trying to get canceled this early in the season, but I just want to discuss. Ok, so Joe Rogan when asked who he would vote for in the Democratic primary. He said Bernie Sanders, and he gave a really compelling argument and I think a really flattering argument for Bernie. He said he's been around he's. So consistent he's been saying the same thing. His whole career he's rock solid. You know what I mean and then Bernie said. Well, here's the video I think I'll show it for, for everyone's reference. I think I think I'll, probably vote for Bernie him as a human being when I was hanging out with him, yeah I believe in him. I like him, I like him a lot. What Bernie stands for is a guy who look you could you could dig up dirt on every single human being? That's ever existed if you catch them in their worst moment and you magnify those moments and you cut out everything else and you only display those display those worst moments. That said, you can't find very many with Bernie he's been insanely consistent. His entire life he's basically been saying the same thing, but for the same thing, his whole life, and that in and of itself is a very powerful structure to operate from so so Bernie Sanders official Twitter app Oh did this clip they just basically like retweeted it right, but they right yeah and she quoted what Joe Rogan said: I think they actually made an ad of it because it says paid for by Bernie 2020 Oh, which is pretty amazing that they're at it that they're that they see they find him that credible, that's so cool for both of them, but so now I guess people within the progressive left are outraged by this. For example, here's one prominent tweet, they says Joe Rogan has had friendly interviews with Milo. What's how do you say his last name, Ian, abolition, innopolis, I, think and Jordan Peterson yelled you're, a [ __ ] man on air, about a trans woman vocally argued against allowing trans kids puberty blockers this year says [, __, ] and believes the world is stacked against men, so enjoy okay. So, first of all, even if you're not happy with who Joe Rogan is, isn't it great if Bernie can pull people from a different range of what they believe in like yeah, that's exactly what you wouldn't need to be drunk right or even just to find a common understanding right right like, but first of all the claims she's making or so outrageous. First of all, his interview with Milo is what destroyed his career, but she said herself a friendly interview. What's the problem with that, you can't have a friendly interview. Well, apparently, not a lot of people. Think no! You can't well so Milo Milo. He had this when he during that interview. He said something about how like pedophilia is normal within the gay community and Joe shredded him on that so hard and pretty much got his whole career ruined his whole career. So to just call it first of all, your point is valid enough, but to call it a friendly interview is not the case. I watched that interview and it was not friendly. It was very competitive. So that's dishonest and there's nothing wrong with having a friendly interview with me. Yeah conversations are good. These people think that if you disagree with them, you can't have a conversation and that's that's I mean I mean this. Tweet is just so wrong everything about it. Then she goes on to say: Jordan Peterson again, I, don't understand what Jordan Peterson such a boogeyman and this progressive left circle. I, don't get it I think he has some side to him that maybe a lot of people don't agree with, but I don't think he's like Voldemort. It's like you cannot be a solo. We had him on the show we didn't discuss any and his name and your oath right, I. Don't where I just don't get that I mean I, don't get it. You know you don't have to agree on everything. I, don't think I agree with a lot of business. Yeah I! Definitely don't! But he's you can't not say he's, not a smart guy and doesn't have things listened to too unto listened to about. You know if there's someone you disagree with, where they're coming from you're, better off listening to them, understanding where they're coming from and having that conversation, they don't want that conversation to even take place, yeah, which to me just seems that their whole plot their whole stance is uh. How will I that week, if, if both sides will just never talk to each other? Was this gonna look like a dance? She said: yelled you're, a [, __ ] man on air, about a trans woman. So again, there's no context but context. Is that he's talking about trans athletes competing against women? So obviously he's a comedian? So he's trying to be funny and outrageous, but I think the point he the conversation he's. Having is a valid one. There's no context at all. You know it's just dishonest to frame it like. Oh, he just said: you're a [ __ ] man like he's just screaming that to trans people. No he's talking about a specific topic which is contentious. A controversial and I. Do think that it's definitely a conversation say that a trance, a man who transitions to a women doesn't have an upper hand against biological women and athletic competition. I mean that just seems outrageous, but at any rate maybe I'm wrong. I. Think it's a conversation and I think it's a conversation because it's this is all very new and some of it might be unknown. I, don't know what happened to your body if you're taken, yes certain. So while I agree with you on the cost value, there's a conversation we had, but they don't want that conversation they just date. They just write them off as you're a [ __, ] man. What you see what he's saying is you're biologically born a man vocally argued against allowing trans kids puberty blockers this year. Again, that is a very contentious conversation to me. That seems like totally insane to give a child something that can transcend wach puberty I mean that's just they're, just a child I mean how could they? How can but any Matt? The point is again: I, don't know the facts. I'm, not gonna argue one where the other, but again that seems like a fairly contentious issue. So I, don't think that's outrageous for him to argue that says: [ __, ], yeah, I, don't know about that. It's just thrown in there. So I, don't know and believes the world is stacked against men. I. Don't think he believes that either I don't think. He even believes that, but again it's just thrown in there. So it's like these are like their pre canned responses to do you legitimize anything, yes to say, and you know it's like they have this purity test for the left. If you disagree, if you get anything wrong, you're not worthy yeah, there's, no gray, it's like it's just! It's crazy I can't believe it's about your weird direction that they want things to move to, but I wonder if um I do wonder cuz this I mean this. Like has 14,000 likes I'm, assuming this person wants Trump out of office right, oh yeah, I'm sure. So how is this gonna help anything they wouldn't just want to watch the whole world burn. It seems like they. Don't you think you know what I mean like I made a tweet about it and then like everybody's calling me transphobic because I? Oh, that's not that that's not the tweet I made that's hot girls for Bernie. All I was just giving contacts to Jose to the to the tweet trying to give context by the way. What he said about Bernie is just true has nothing to do with trans, be power of good character on Bernie side and I yeah. It has nothing to do with anything. Why would you ruin that for Bernie? They just hear the name Joe Rogan, and then they get triggered and go uh-oh attack that ready. He was already on the show they're ready to not support Bernie, because he retweeted that that's it. It's not easy. So yeah I saw Anthony I, know Joe Anthony Fantana made a good response to the her tweet. He says whoever you're planning to vote for would have gone on his show in a heartbeat mm-hmm, but he didn't want him. You know I mean like apparently, Warren was trying to get on this show and Biden was trying to get on this show, but he didn't want them on his show. So I said I said: Joe Rogan interviewer destroyed my load. Jordan Peterson is not the boogeyman. Your man, too, trans Ashlee's competing against women. Kübra blockers for children is literally insane. Okay, that's my tape. Maybe that's my take I! Think it's a whatever. Would you even pass your own purity test under the same microscope? Nobody would show each one of those are such a big conversation you just can't, but then they here they go. Here's the top comment: lots of transphobia from here from you here, Ethan I'm disappointed I'm, just giving context of what he said. How am I being transphobic I, don't even know how to not be transphobic like how do I not be transphobic, see, I, don't know these are all these are all new things like. How is everyone already supposed to know? What's the right answer to everything but I, do wonder your buddy blockers there's a lot to even know about it. I mean on face value that sounds really messed up to me, too yeah on face value, maybe I'm wrong. I know some people already doing it. So I don't know. There's probably a lot to be educated about I have no idea, but why I already cancelled me for not knowing or having an opinion? Well, apparently, I'm transfer but I, don't think I'm transphobic at all personally I personally thinking on that guy's kid like, but also I, not I, just said that I'm just giving context here, you know make whatever judgment call you want about Joe Rogan, but I. Just think that this person took everything he said totally out of context and I responded Kay, just because I knew whatever I would say, wouldn't be enough for them and I just I take the charge so outrageous to accuse me being transphobic I mean I'm, an ally, I, don't hate trans people, I, don't hate. Gay people know I support their rights and what they're doing, but it's like they I'm, not enough. That's right! This stuff is so fresh I mean I'm. Definitely your ally, that's what's so weird is that they want to cannibalize people like me, because I'm not I'm transphobic apparently, but they haven't real enemy. Really transphobic people are out there. Oh yeah, there's people out there that want to kill transphobic people, gay people and all this chance. People because of religious beliefs or they're just I, don't know scared of it. That's not me I'm, your ally, you got it. You guys got to chill with this, but I also wonder if on Twitter these groups they organize and they have a way of amplifying their voice in a way. That's not at all representative vested interests, like forums, I haven't clicked through, but I mean. Have you taken a look at the person that you replied to mm-hmm? Have you looked at their profile? Mm-Hmm I mean I can almost guarantee you that they're, like a hardcore, Biden or Warren supporter. You know I mean their what their weaponizing this, because this is a useful tool to them to get an advantage electorally, I I, don't know who they support, but I haven't seen any that's an almost guarantee you. It's not Bernie interesting. Well, there has been a whole play to discredit Bernie from yeah. It seems like an organized effort from Hillary and warrant to kind of try to destroy burning which I'm looking through her profile. Right now, she looks like she's a pretty hardcore Warren person, yeah I figured there. You go well sorry, lady warns boiling at 13% she's gone warned. The whole thing is absurd too, because it's like you know, you can take issue with the individuals that support Bernie, but I mean you know. If, if you claim to care about you know trans rights and stuff, there's nobody who has a shot at actually winning right now, that is as good for those things as burning so you're completely self sabotage. That is what I don't get yeah without a question. This is your goal. Ultimately, her goal should be the Democratic nominee will win right. Ultimately, that would be the best thing for trans people. I think her goal. If she, if you were, if she was honest, would be just to I think they just addicted to being a victim they like being in that position, because when you're the underdog near the victim, you can pretty much get away with anything and I. Just I, don't know I mean I, don't think they really think that far they just think about stupid. It's unbelievable! Well, this. If they amplify voices like this, then we'll never win another lecture yeah! It's like you got to get a broad set of people on board right. Can you imagine people like what like uh? You know farmers in Iowa what they would think of a tweet like this yeah? Well, thankfully, most of those people aren't on Twitter and that's the thing is like the whole. Twitter thing is just it's: it's a bubble of media right, bull but I'm, just saying the reflective of if you're, Warren or chiller Hillary Clinton. It's so easy to absorb this, because you want to appease these people, and you think it's important that there's a lot more people than there are speaking of which, how much you want to bet that woman loves Hillary Clinton and had no [ __ ] problem with her going on Howard Stern a couple weeks ago, who is like a thousand like has said a thousand times more problematic things than Joe Rogan has ever done. Are you kidding it's Howard [ __ ] Stern like what so how it's pretty I mean yeah. He jokes around a lot, but he is I'm talking his story like yes, he's had a long career stages of yard. Howard gets a lot of [ __ ] yeah. Well, that's why she went on now and not when she's running and everybody responded. Great I thought that interview was amazing until I saw what she said about Bernie and now I'm back to hating her despising her. Let's talk about that because it's a good, segue Bernie has been slamming Biden on his history of trying to cut Social, Security and recently Biden I just want to watch this clip of him. Tripping I was goodbye from [ __ ], Biden Hillary came out and she's making a new documentary. Let's start with this, let's set the tone I'm just chilling in Cedar Rapids can't wait to watch a long documentary about so terrible. So in her documentary she says he was in Congress for years. He had one senator support him. Nobody likes him. Nobody wants to work with him. He got nothing done. He was a career politician, it's it all. Just baloney and I feel so bad for people that got sucked into it. You know it takes a lot of balls for Hillary to call someone a career politician and nobody likes him. Yeah I mean look who's talking I like him a lot. She basically threw the most win like she liked twisted destiny like in in like 1 billion universes. She wins that election, but she's the one version of Hillary. That's so unlikable that she actually [ __ ] up, basically a hundred percent chance to win. So if he gets nominated, will you endorse him? They ask I'm not going to go there yet we're still in a very vigorous primary season. I will say, however, that it's not only him it's the culture around him. It's his leadership team, it's his prominent supporters. It is all mine, Bernie bros and the Antonis attacks on lots of competitors, particularly women shut up. She just she's, so big narrative that he's against women where's it coming from well they're they're grasping at straws, it's so insane cuz. This is coming off the heels of illa. If he's supportive women, why does he run in an election against one? Obviously he should have resigned. I mean that's literally when you, when you boil it all down, that is the mentality. Well, I listened to an interview on Howard and she was very bitter about Bernie. She was bitter that he didn't endorse her sooner, so she, but actually in part, blames Bernie for her loss and not herself with these Chillar Lee Clinton videos Larry, oh god, what a bitter [, __ ] I, don't like her anymore. She had a good week where we all liked her for one week. So here is when Warren by the way. So so there's a story out that Bernie told Warren that he doesn't think a women. A woman can win the presidency which, on the face value again he's got a lifetime of of credibility to back him up and that's not something he would ever say. I mean it's just stupid to even think that. So then the story leaks right and then Warren all the sudden. It's like I have to confirm that. He did indeed say that. Oh such a big story by the way, this whole thing backfired, because Bernie is now almost the forerunner and and Warren she's, like dead she's, only pulling at 12 percent nationally now at 28, and that was I think the story ruined her. That was so awful. She was already on her way out, but it definitely was the state through the heart. I think she was just trying to take Bernie down on her way out, but anyway, here they go, listen, CNN, -, which, by the way I mean everybody jokes on CNN, but this is just so outrageous watch how they frame this they're here you're saying that you never told senator Warren that a woman could not win the election. That is correct, senator Warren! What did you think when senators Andrew Sanders told you a woman, does not win the election, you dumb the audience even absurd. How can you not I mean it's just a fence? It's just. Why did you already decide that he said it, but that's not even the good for the good follow up question is: did he say it? Yes, because then, let's see who lets blood figure this out, it's phrased, she already decided he did he's lying now. What was your, but it's just wow that woman should I, don't to say she's a professional journalist interviewing potentially the next president I mean this is outrageous. This whole debate thing like. Why is CNN involved? Why are any of the cable networks involved period like? Why do we do it this way? This is so crazy and backward that these corporate news networks run the debates like what I actually don't know. What well, who would do it that the Democratic just a nonpartisan Commission something I mean who pays for it, though the the candidates I mean? That's pretty pays for it now. Well, I! Guess advertisers partially pay for it as well, but I thought CNN would pay for it. No I mean they're all organized by the DNC, and they do it in partnership with these, but I think they must pay a lot of money for the right to potentially say the Kinsella goons advertisers yeah, but it just shouldn't be commodified. That's one thing like it shouldn't be a yeah. Well, we're profit bloomberg spent a hundred fifty million dollars on ads, which that he outspent every candidate by like hundred hundred times. So he should be able to do that either. But there you have it I disagreed. Bernie is my friend and I am NOT here to try to fight with Bernie. But look this question about whether or not a woman can be president has been raised in its time. You know they rehearsed this day. This was like a they set her up, so [ __ ] you and then here is the post debate conversation on with a hot mic: [Applause] yeah, you did well yeah he's like our mics are on dum-dum but CNN. This is all Orchestrator mantle. Now then CNN by the way leaked the audio well yeah, and she she knows very well that this is being recorded, is gonna, be a moment yeah and he handled it actually like a pro because he didn't let it turn into a moment. Yeah and Tom's. You tell her pissed, though yeah it's like, because it's such a little character he's so smart cuz. He could have gone, he could be like well, you you did lie or you could have tooken it anybody. He didn't even say anything negative about her. He just said: let's not do this now I think he handled it like a goddamn pro who's been around watched, Tom Styer he's such a [ __ ] idiot he's like he just wants to say, hi to Bernie. It's like it now's, not the time, bozo good, good story. He just has never been more Larry, David, I, love. Honestly, amazing. You know top story, it looks like he just paid. A hundred million dollars for steyr is his name by the way Tom Steyer, like I, mean who cares who the [ __ ] is Tom's anyway, I'm I'm team, Bernie yank is actually pulling at eight percent, which is exciting, but I'm both would be I mean I'm, team, Bernie and yang speaking of Larry David. There was this great clip of Larry David, telling Hamsi to [ __ ] off here. Another great segue [Music] waited seven hours. Where did the knowledge [Music]? Nobody wants to do this. Why are you doing stop this [ __ ]? Nobody watching this! Stop just stop it! Okay, you understand. No, you done you done. I love! Dat he's still signed it. Thank You Larry, Thank, You Larry [Music] have a great night inside so mom I waited seven hours for you who made this he's right, though those guys I'm, [, __, ] worst, when I saw this pop-up, my heart stopped for a second cuz I thought it was gonna, be him like yelling at a you know attendant at the parking lot or something I thought was gonna, be bad on him and then I was so relieved. It's not laying into these paparazzi people, hell yeah. So oh here's, our here's, our big story, the of the day you guys all know Jay station. You remember him. We've talked about him. He brought back to life Attica. Who was the youtuber who hadn't he had taken his own life and was very public very talked about and J station that very next day summoned his ghost via Ouija board, were Chalapathi people. Thought was tasteless, which is, to put it mildly, he's also summoned Mac Miller lots of lots. I mean he's the trashiest person not on YouTube but possibly alive. Today he posted a video saying that his girlfriend had died, which is sad, but then, when you look at the thumbnail, this is the thumbnail, that's the thumbnail, so she apparently, according to him, died the day before and then he went home made this video and this thumbnail. This thumbnail is just unforgivable. There's! No, you know, I saw this story and then, when I saw the thumbnail I was like you know, and obviously a lot of people are saying that it's fake, even if is so even if she is actually dead, which there's about a 0% chance, even if she is dead. This is almost even worse. For him, I mean he looks like even I, don't know. What's worse faking, someone's death or doing this if they actually died, I think doing this if they he died, is worse and I faking that someone died. It's pretty bad I think what he's gonna do is be like. Oh my god, she's back, you know I yeah. This is all he's gonna resurrect her yeah he's gonna sort of like necromantic I, think she's his channel becoming like super power. I don't understand to it. Yesterday they went from like fake ghosts, yeah it's supernatural goddamn yeah. Well, we were watching some of his content. Yesterday were just dying laughing and yeah I mean he he's got all kinds of crazy stuff he's doing like genetic experiments he's doing talking to the dead, he's falling out. I think what happened is she probably went on him on a short trip or vacation that, though he did uh she's dead and he's gonna rot, but people buy it anyway. Here's the video, it's four minutes and a half we could interacting so yeah. What's up guys, there's no way did he have another girlfriend had died. Apparently, yes, so if I'm, the FBI and all the sudden, these guys girlfriends keep disappearing, and if this really happened, I have this guy in custody as an FBI. So this has like a legit a lot of views and like really the vast majority are likes Wow, it's actually much better. Yesterday, when we were looking at it, I think because it's getting attention I'm, probably just like yeah, it's getting dislike bombed but uh. When we came across it yesterday, it was, it was all up those the top communists try to connect with her with a Ouija board for one last I love, you rest in peace alexia. We will miss you hero and pinned and favorited [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] alexia. What if she did, that I should I feel bad. So in 24 hours, yeah I was like 6 hours 6 hours prior. Was he wiping his forehead yeah? It's for his eyebrows are tearing up from the tears, come up what, if the wiping is over she's gone. So if she's dead? Actually you not know where you drive it up. So let me ask you: if is his girlfriend? Actually sorry for cry? Yeah, that's your year, I thought he said that they were filming together. Subscribers go subscribe, had about five videos that we had filmed. We were ready to post on that channel, while you're just promoting her second channel. Go, oh, you know, I, think he's explaining cuz it, because I saw someone said that he still posted a video. With all the same day we were late he's just driving subs. That was our only dream to get 300,000 what a [ __ ] scumbag. That was her last wish he's barely talking about her after such a [ __ ] wipe your eyebrows. This guy would [ __ ] murder his own grandma. He forgot him more subscribers videos who reports into the song, that's so amateur bro, because the the light keeps changing for a while I hope you guys can understand like she meant everything to me is she's been living with me for the last four months. Guys she's been my world for the last four months anyway. That long like four months, yeah she's been my word for the last four months. I never met a girl like her. If she actually did die, he murdered earlier I'm sure of it, not bad she's. Not that, though yeah he'll bring her back in a week. Anyways follow me on Twitter in there to whine fear. So this is the video he posted actually has credible. Like dislike. You mean a lot of likes: yeah yeah! Oh this! This is the video that he posted the same day yeah. He didn't get that many subs hahaha. All that he wanted to million by it's only at 323, because he said that they were wait. He already posted another one. Seven hours ago, he said he they have five videos last waster last one and that's up button. This is my account. I want to I want to see what the comments are. I love this. This was her dream from the grave I love you guys, thanks for all the support, so they were. He said they were just under three hundred thousand right or I wasn't paying attention. That was something like that: yeah cuz they're, only a three twenty three damn cuz she's annoying look at this intro EULA coming who wouldn't yeah so there's more to this story. There's ads on that video. By the way we forgot to mention, I took screenshots just because I couldn't believe it. But there's like hella ads on that video. My girlfriend died rest in Paradise spunk brought to you by Monday. Calm, make more time for actual work. Monday calm, I love, YouTube man, they're the best [ __ ] me right, I'm, a problem I'm, a problem [Music] video of him going to the site where she died also has ads on it: Alexia's parents they had set up a memorial on the side of the road for Alexia. So right now me and ami are just honoring that location, we're gonna, say our last goodbyes to Alexia not go such a bad actor. Yeah yeah, there's a funeral, dumbass, I I think I want to watch the little thing. Maybe they'll say it goes. We just go see the final goodbye I thought, that's what this is everything out to and we know Gus. Unfortunately, no Ouija board. That's coming up. He's gonna melt this yeah the parents said that up that looks like a five-year-old did not yeah. It looks like you spent ten minutes doing it before you shot this. Also, those are fake. Those are fake candles. Yeah, yeah, I, just went through part of the battery. Doesn't last that long. He clearly just set it up. Those don't doesn't last that yeah he just stopped at Party City for sure. Do you guys ever Morial by the way, there's snow covering the ground in it that teddy bear looks fresh as hell like it looks like it just snowed the night before picture. Look at her sorry, I gotta hit him we'll have a real bed. It's like this is like as bad as YouTube gets its new bed. This is but this guy's willing to do anything. I thought he was at the level of like Lance Stewart faking, a ghost in the house, but this is so new. It's a new low to use that term. That's overused a bit, but it is a new low, but this guy is quite literally willing to do anything. Yeah Lance actually seems like a decent guy. That's what always happens. You know right, there's like the there's generations, because when, when all those pranksters were going out of fashion and new stuff we're coming up, they started to seem like not that bad. You mean like how Logan and Jake Paul looked in comparison right, they're different bad I mean so Flo was such a [ __ ] and the pranks in the hood work was probably some of the worst yeah, the worst that was kind of like harmless. Oh, yes, well, kids, watching that yeah we're some titty grabbing and weird sexual stuff for sure, but this is the worst yeah. This is definitely the worst I've seen. Is that a Givenchy huh? It's like a designer $500 at I'll, never find a girl like this I get Jay. He doesn't even have a real tears draw. Don't worry, we'll bring her back to life in a way without her and amazing. So you know this. Actually, this guy kind of went above and beyond what was necessary, but I appreciate the hustle. This guy ordered some ordinary gamer. He said, Jay station is lying about his dead girlfriend. I've spent the entire night browsing and checking with police departments in Toronto and Ottawa no police reports, no local news agencies and worst of all no family is confirming so I mean he said I legitimately felt so bad. After hearing the death of this person, I wish I didn't, try and look into it and lie to myself. Instead I'm clinching my [ __ ] fist and ripped some blood out, realizing that some [ __ ] actually lied about dying like this I'm, so [, __, ], mad well I mean I. I mean relax, it Amit Lee felt bad I mean we all knew. He was I appreciate you going through the effort to apparently I think we already know that I guarantee you does anyone want to bet that he'll bring? Does they want action on that that he'll bring her back resurrector in a week, I mean is I, don't want to hear betting out of Weis I feel like we're all I mean the other alternative theory that may not result in her coming back as they just broke up I had that thought as well, but she would show everyone social media or something right, or maybe he just had an agreement like I'll pay. You if you don't say anything about it, but I, think it's so epic. If he broke up with her. That's posting videos they pre-recorded. So awesome she's alive yeah chase station. There you have it I wonder: has he posted anything? Let's see how are people even taking this seriously like making articles about it? He obviously made it our last day in Texas. He obviously made it up like what are we debating. He made it I mean Kobe, a person is but still being showed in classes. So wait, that's a good point. You guys and it would be a little what's up. Well so yeah just picked her up and what's up guys, I just got off the phone with Alexia's parents, they, oh, so this is les upload well I'm. Certainly looking forward to this is so a legendary yeah, Mike I was taught. I was absolutely blown away when I saw that well. I was like if she really died and before I really looked into it, didn't even watch the video now I have no question about it, but I was like if she actually died, I wonder what can we say about it, but then, when I saw that thumbnail I was like oh I feel like YouTube needs an award ceremony for worst and then like this one could come to rest on YouTube. That's a great idea: no gun fall in the forest would be at chop. One guys, that's a lifetime achievement. Look at this thumbnail people are actually writing articles. Thank you, yeah dude, just what the hell are we even talking about? Oh, my god he's the trashiest dude alive. Just look at him. I mean just listen to him. Just God. Can you imagine hanging out with these people? They might have kids someday. What do you think about that? They'll probably kill their kid they're probably doing Mike child died. Video I bet you he would. They do have a kid. They ordered it off. The dark web I saw that video. Yesterday. Okay, mm-hmm, if they actually had a kid, if he had an infant child three months old, he would make a video my baby died. I can't wait for that. Anyway, there you have a chase station. We have some other exciting news. You know, China has a lot of exports. What did you just link me down? I just searched a station baby. Oh, he actually does have a dark web beta. You weren't gremlin baby, 2,100 bucks, so China has a lot of exports. In fact, there they're beating the world with how they're exporting everything everyone gets everything from China. But did you know that China's number one export is world ending pandemics? It seems like every pandemic starts in China, probably because there's so many people and poor conditions. For example, you guys probably heard about the core corrent coronavirus, which is the hot new world ending pandemic, but SARS started in China, I believe and the pig virus started in China. Oh yeah, they do it all they're number one. You know number one in the world this new virus called the corona virus, is apparently infected. It's infected like 800 people - in America, but they caught them or here says 300 I think it was gone up to 800 and it's killed 25, that's China's official reporting. You know it's probably 10 times what they're saying I mean there's a lot of incredible footage. So let me put this in context here: Wuhan were originated, has been entirely quarantined by China. You cannot go in or out of this entire city. Do you know many people live in Wuhan, guess, I, guess, New York for context or LA has like five million or something yeah, 11 million people, just in there and Mohan alone, which probably makes it one of the most populous cities in entire world. It's just one of many mega cities in China. That's how pop my attitude is. Here's what it looks like someone, the entire city, is quarantined. No one in no one out! That's great! It's never been done before quarantine in it and it's City. This big look at this. No one in no one out taking it seriously yeah, but everyone in that city is gonna. [ __ ] die 11 million people. It is good. They're doing that I mean I. Agree. Look at this. This was pretty crazy, too someone taking a video of a doctor and tears on the phone with a superior he's. All the doctors he seems to be a translation I saw. Is that he's saying they can't handle more patients it's over capacity and he wants them to stop sending patient's. The people are trying to send more doctors, but he replies he doesn't want more doctors, there's literally no room for patients. Yeah, there's! What's going on inside one right now and they're saying that they cannot reach people higher up, trying to read to administrators, but they can't reach them. This is a reminded me of Chernobyl yeah. That's right! It's totally true, noble and China's government would would do the same thing if they say 25 people died is 2500, I'm serious if they say, there's 600 people infected it's 60,000, but you see how these were acting and you see how shady it is someone's recording that like because you know you'll get locked up for life if you are caught going against the old mighty Chinese government. So it's pretty scary. Actually, in the United States there was this first from case of the new virus. There was a second this morning, which city was it in? The second I think was in Chicago, because the first one was in Seattle I believe yeah. There was one in LA that was suspected, but I think they've decided it wasn't actually that yeah but yeah. Just as of this morning, I saw a sort of a second. It started in a fish market in Wuhan, hmm, because these virus, these pandemics start when a virus makes a jump from another animal which is like super rare occurrence, but it happens. It makes a jump from an animal to human and then our we have no resistance. We have no immunity, it's a whole new thing. It's a mutation of the influenza of the flu virus and that's what's so dangerous about. Is that it's just this new thing that could totally ravaged ravage us patient zero, who is not being named as an isolation? Oh no sorry, that's the guy in America Washington get the [ __ ] out of wahum I'm gonna wuhan my way out of China the patient. In Washington was ill for four days after arriving the united states and sought care based on the patient's symptoms and travel history. Doctors suspected the novel luhan corner of our current cora and coronavirus crack open a nice cool, corona and since specimens to the cdc. So this guy was cruising around Seattle for three days. Yeah. The corona virus is in the same family as the severe acute respiratory syndrome SARS, which killed more than 700 people in 2002 and 2003 spicy. To date it has killed more than 300 people and has struck China Thailand, South, Korea Japan and now the United States the outbreak started in late December at an animal market in Wuhan. So it was an animal market, not a fish market and 700 miles south of Beijing, yeah I. Think I read these corona viruses come from cattle, the virus can jump from animals to people, but now human, a human transmission has been confirmed, announced on Wednesday Chinese officials are quarantine, eing, the entire city of Wu Han. It is emphasized how huge of a deal it is we own as a mega city, with approximately 11 million residents more than Los Angeles County, the quarantine of the scale is unprecedented. Is there any more news about that? Does this from Wednesday's? It's just unknown. Still, hmm I heard this morning that the World Health Organization is not declaring it an international crisis, yet yeah, just a Chinese death death man that quarantine, so crazy, I think everyone in that city is gonna, get [ __ ] nuked by this virus. You know it's crazy, though. I did see that in an effort to address all of us, they're like rapidly building more hospitals. Right right- and you know, construction in China is crazy and they're saying you know they can build an entire hospital in six days. What yeah I heard they finished one or they're, building their little. They can fit 800 people yep no week, that's the Chinese uh, that's the Chinese spirit man. They just can't raw human power. That is, though, the flip side of it. Is they don't care if people die building it? You know safety. The thing is safety code, all this [ __ ]. That takes a long time right here. There's no there's no delays. There just go to those fantastic. What else we got? What else I think I'm done I think I was all the good stuff. Let's go over the red at me, mal boom. How long we've been going down uh? Let's see, we started at 12:23 what no way Oh that was the break. I'm. Sorry I was thinking that seemed weird yeah, almost an hour hour and a half, let's go over memes and then I will actually wanted to pitch your brother as the bachelor, but were two oh, no we're gonna wait, we're gonna get moving. You got a hold of it. Yeah we put that in touch with a good, that's exciting the bachelors. They said no, it works. So we've already talked about this I'm just gonna be happy yeah. Well, apparently, according to Zach, we already got some interesting applicants. Yes, we did cutie pies. How am I gonna feel about that I, don't even know how! So by that I got a notice with you guys go ahead, and this is as good of a time as ever, but when we did the batch with Ian mmhmm yeah it the conversation got fairly vulgar at times. Okay, is that gonna be uncomfortable, I mean for me. Well, not for you, but I mean he'll was brother, we're talking about. Well, that's between her and their brother. We're kind of vulgar. Are we talking about yeah? What I don't know we're talking within? There was a lot of sexual talk, yeah, but wasn't stuff I'm, just saying I know a by the nature of the contest. It's gonna go there. You're, probably gonna, learn things about your brother. You didn't know right, I already learned through the show about him, his wiping habits, so we're already well okay, but that actually changed my life because I don't wipe anymore I, try I used to be baby wipes and now I'm, just I haven't transcended wiping that's what he said. Then we were like you're, crazy yeah, but no, but now I found he won gone in the end. Well, you know: okay, yeah, that's why sometimes I do get an itchy, [, __, ] and I, wonder well, I'm still white and it's there poop after you squirt, sometimes it it can be lightly. It depends if it was a messy one or not, because I I like the day I like the day, a lot yeah I go I, go way out of my way to make sure there's nothing. But the thing is that, though, it's so interesting to see how you've grown over the course. You think that this is a it's a long-term story: art I, don't use baby wipes anymore, though so your bathroom struggles I mean it's been one of the most consistent storylines on the show. We should maybe do like a and ovary of then overview. Why? Because they were so against the bidet. Yes, Troy I thought it was psycho. Yeah I did, and you are like completely it's out anyway, like amazing, but I will say that once a week my [ __ ] gets itchy, that's no good mm-hmm, but I. Don't think there's poop in it do something with the know: you're not using the soap right, no I'm, not putting my ass and my poop in there I, don't think so. I think it has something to do with the fact that I was always rubbing. My [ __ ] with paper, and now it doesn't have its kind of adjusting to not being always I do because I think your [ __ ] in a sense becomes kind of calloused from being touched and wiped all the time, not cows, but it becomes used to being like rubbed and it loses sensitivity. Yeah I'm, not sure you get a calluses on your ass and so it's adjusting to not being manipulated. So also much disagree. Well, I'll tell you what I'll go I'll do a test. Yeah, please do dude I did do test before and there was no poop. So that's when I I was like okay, I'm good to disengage the wiping but I'll go I'll go do further laboratory testing, but to answer your original question, then I think I am all for the show and I could handle it and on the other side my brighter is also same he's all about the show. Oh yeah, it's gonna be very different from the end. It'll be great season. I said, which is good. Yeah I wasn't even questioning it necessarily I just want to make sure yeah yeah right, [, __ ] you Dan right Zach, thanks Dan right yeah, this one's for you Zach. Now you gonna have to find one I, don't know: I've yelled it down a lot on the show. Yeah you yelled at me earlier yeah this episode dan. Are you [, __ ] with me, where's the pizza where's, let's review memes from the reddit.com slash a traceroute productions subreddit. You can also submit them via podcast to a tresor productions.com, along with any other enquiries or questions. You may have first off president yeah yeah yeah. Excuse me it's just like a dead Kennedy shirt. It's not goth! Okay, I didn't know, go ahead, it's a punk band. Why is there two Twitter handles? Look it's fake, the covering problem over it. Yes, I take issue with that mean how it feels listening to podcasts of her I've seen this a trillion times, but it remains live at and funny family members on Christmas asking me about my personal life and future. He wasn't messing around stay tuned. The day of reckoning will calm, Papa, said and then soon after David BAM fiend, Domino's, Pizza CFO dead and smart and former dojo pizza owner, sentenced to 65 years for sex crimes, reckoning yeah, that's what they said. Yes, markleham bro how'd, you [ __ ] up about these stories. Did he know them well? How is he doing during that time? Were you right? It is a real story, December 27, so we should it just. We should just ask him on December 27. What were you done? Yeah it's out of nowhere yeah. How do you die snorkeling, though, for real somebody just stuck their thumb, no tube, that was it I, just lift your head up. No snorkeling means you're on the surface. Oh I'm gonna assume you got hit by a boat or something okay. Yeah there you go just happened to be snorkeling, Oh, Donald, Trump, retweeted, Joey salads. How good is that I see he's changed his name to Joey salad, Dino he's gone official, the Democrats impeached Trump for crimes committed by Joe, it's retweeted Joey. How can any I mean guys? This is crazy. The president retweeted Joe, the sitting president of the United States retweeted, Joey Saladin, you know just I mean really let that sink in folks, I don't know and like goddamn, like a small word, I guess we know Donald Trump in a way two steps from me. One step removed, Asians are bad drivers me and intellectual I would never say that who's behind and what is it? It's a phone perspective. So weird, then his knees know I'm sitting. Oh he's sitting Gila becoming an American citizen to escape conflict in Israel. That's not really what happened America starting World War? Three! That's what I mean it's money, though it's not like a refugee I lived there too. You know man of my word. If Trump gets a piece, I will donate my left testicle to medical research. You can quote me on this. He lied. He raced this sweet really yeah, because it was, he wasn't actually I didn't believe it, but I can't believe this is a picture of Dan. Oh, it was just when you were in Idaho. It was you remember, meeting yeah I, think that was the other Dan as a fellow Dan, huh. Okay, look. How happy you are both together actually went into a shop and he was like the son of the woman that owned the shop he like came out from the back and he's just like what the [ __ ] mmm. What kind of shop is it I, don't know I should say I, guess it doesn't really matter title: it's a shop! It's a shop there's a little trick. It was a. It was actually an Irish shop. Irish was like I, don't know, memorabilia they sold like kilts and oh wow. What's the poet that's a hell of a business? Well, just cuz that'll identify him I, don't know what about his face. Well now people know exactly where what state he's in and what kind of shop poss possibilities possibilities possibilities. Why name an item at uh-huh? Weird weird though, meanwhile, the AC podcast is on break this Idol I've upped a bit said: I, look like him. It's often been said when you had a mustache, you think he's more handsome to me that actor I love this photo like what how who like this is so Ian I. What do you think I mean it's just a picture of Ian Merry Christmas? Well, because this was highly up voted on the subreddit Ian. How do you feel about people recognizing you on the subreddit instagram, my instagram, I go god I mean shut out lights or more I. Think in aa lot of love. You should be more grateful to be here very happy. I appreciate that. Thank you. I know another Papa John's Pizza. That was not sliced. This is a epidemic. This is a pandemic. This come from Bhutan Thank You Zach we're gonna order, Papa John's, while Papa John is here. I was thinking. I wanna do like a blind taste test or raiding pot pizza slices cuz. Now he has no elite. Well, he still is the majority stakeholder, so he has a vested interest in them succeeding mm-hmm, but it would be interesting to do a blind taste test and he identify which is Papa, but that should be so easy. I could maybe not blindfold you and put some pizza in your mouth. Should we order, like ten of the Papa John's, to see if we get a nun sliced one? That would be really funny idea yeah. Should we ask fans to come up with ideas of what we should do? Yeah, if you guys have ideas for the pitch that we should do with pop I love? The air I have a few of my own, but you know things in the work yeah. We don't live in that lifetime. No yeah, we got him yeah, we got a capitalized I, can't wait or next episode on Tuesday pewdiepie will be joining us, that'll be really fun and then via satellite, via satellite yeah, of course, and then and then uh Papa is the following week. Or is he that week Wow the following week? That's right: we have next week on Friday. We have Gus, okay, how nice so we do actually have two gifts. Next would be three guests in a row: Wow Papa's on Tuesday or Friday Tuesday Tuesday, oh [, __, ], yeah, scary, three in a row, I get nervous when I have biggest like uh Papa's got to be like our most epic guest ever I mean just be yeah, I mean because of trying to think about cuz. That's the only way to really not freak out. Let's pop me on this: it's like Jesus I'm, just trying not to even go there by maybe six I, guess yeah geez more interesting than Jesus. Everybody already knows about Jesus Papa hasn't told his story yet I've had over 40 pizzas in the last. Why is that big shift? Why are you playing a clip? That's pitch hit down Zack. It was a mistake. Well, don't let it happen again. Ever and finally, I'm just kidding I love. You time, you know, I'm kidding right, yes, I was being overly critical for our humorous effect. It's okay! It was really funny yeah, it's not shut up. Dan, you know, yeah dance is all burners I mean them all the time, but I do have that problem. Where I like you do you you I credit, my be a dick, because I think it's like funny or something it just is actually just yeah. It's I, don't know where I get that from just a big bull, your dad. Does it a lot where he'll joke, but no one has any idea that he's joking cuz it just comes off as real. You know, no I think it's different I know you're joking. When you do it, I don't actually get offended, but it's not funny it's just it comes off. It doesn't come off that good to outside of surrani, even the inside observers. It's like oh he's, calling me an [ __ ]. He doesn't mean it, but still it's not funny. It's not that interesting. So why even say it does sound right, yeah I know, I mean that here it's funny and finally are not. Finally, actually I guess: people are stopping students from doing vacation cuz, they I guess has to do a vaping or they think it's gang signs. So these guys are stoked. They were able to get it into these. Giving this guy got it upside down, but that's fine I get it Trump, hey Siri, how many missed this isn't related, but hey Siri? How many times did I? How many miles did I run today? Syria, okay, sending missiles to Iran today, I just actually more than what's written, I love! This he's side by side is all [Laughter]. [Music] HTTP, bingo, Oh mobility marry this episodes off the rails forgot to mention sponsors, ethan's guy at YouTube, Oh started dancing to is the freebie in the middle. That's Ethan's guy at YouTube, God, I didn't know, I talked about it that much video won't play. Nobody made it this far. Damn laughing from. We need to go to break and sensitive comment. That's not for interpretation! Very one play sub sub sub. That's a device already read that one sub sub sub sub sub D D mega due to infinity Bradbury. It's not in the document. How this guy is like a mega man. This is crazy. How long have we been going for? We did that today, right, ela, right, ela, so right, Ethan, big boomer energy. Well, that's up again up for debate right, ela dead air. What do you think in? Are we gonna get claimed Ethan's, fair use crash course? So, let's see, we definitely did how long we been going for Dan starts at 2. What do you think Ian I think we did that yeah? We need to go to break forgot. To mention sponsor. We see we did mention sponsor. Damn we almost got it being hmm interesting. We've been going down this guy's so good, oh man, this guy is actually doing the Gatsby in public. He went all black, though pretty classy we considered the black yeah, but the red one out, cherry baby. You got to keep a chair. Yeah shut up to this guy bro I. Think I got to take the Gatsby to Disney, always got a service dog too. You know. That's! Not a service dog I'll. Tell you right now. The sole service dog thing is out of control. You just put a tag on it and these people just a lie because, according to the law, you can actually enforce it or ask right, and so they have like unruly literally like not even trained in the slightest bit dogs walking around with service dogs. They just bought on Amazon a little thing that says service dog, it's just it's so stupid. People are just why they're just liars. Why is the lawyer? You can't even ask it's some [ __ ] to protect the two I guess. Maybe they just don't want these actual people that need the help getting hassled all the time. I don't know. What's the logic and I think that's fine, but all these [ __ ] people just lying about it just at least get your dog trained. What you want take a close-up on this. Are they at Disney yeah that looks like a Mickey Mouse? Are they attending? Were there? Can you see them merch yeah? This guy stole my idea. There's definitely no what's this. What's this he's got some kind of thing and he's got the horn on bro he's got a horn. You got the same horn, ki Hong said people with a [ __ ] air horn. Did he actually bought the Gatsby? That's so crazy, you think he's a he's actually at Disney. You guys. Well. That could be me, but you guys are playing. Can you imagine when Theodore grows up and we do a family trip to Disney and I? Bring the Gatsby he'll, be so embarrassed, it'll, be awesome when you wash all the old podcasts and find the moments when all the sound bites came from there. You have it. That's a wrap folks, cool cool, it's Friday, my dudes, it's the weekend. Everybody have fun to watch it. Oh it's Saturday! It's already the week I recommend playing video games put on the podcast mute, the sound. That's what I like to do, what you're playing right now that'd, be you got and be a moment Oh. What am I doing this weekend? You said play some video games. That's what I've been playing Diablo 3 on place? Oh it's actually so fun, but it's so easy. My guys, like invincible, I made a wizard and yeah I'm on like um I, don't know! If you're familiar with the end game, where they have the paragon or not the Paragon, yeah, first of all, I'm Paragon level, 216, ok and the what's, it called the endless dungeon where you, the Nephilim rift yeah I'm on, like 50 level, 50 what you've, what you've gone further? What's here, right, yeah, why aren't you impressed I had a buddy that was like sort of a pro there's, not really like Pro, but he was a streamer. That Diablo was like his main thing and you know people like actually compete with it. They try and get as far as possible right within a season or whatever yeah. He. It was crazy. He would get up to like 130 140, something Wow. What class did he play? He was a monk Oh interesting because he would do with a group and they all had like roles. People get really serious about it. Cuz they can only play the game. Super casually cut it. So when I first played it when I came out, it was so tedious bro, oh my god, it was terrible, and now it's actually fun to play. Yeah we play the same yeah. We started playing it because Ethan thought I would like it so I started the game. I did like it, but I just don't, have really the drive to sit and play a game right now. I, don't know, I feel like I shouldn't do sometimes that's very fair, but I think it I've been lately just putting on like how we listen to Howard and then I gain I, it's so nice she's, relaxing one down babies to sleep in hey! Do my emails cool, but it's just getting to the point where it's like: okay, I'm, just going deeper and deeper I feel like all my [ __ ] is like the best it can be I'm creating for like 3 billion damage. I was like what 3 billion it's pretty awesome, actually the bit when you crit with a normal hit. They didn't even program it to display billion, so it says a thousand million because it's like yeah, it's like y2k, that's cool! Thank you. You have any recommendations because I probably getting over table right now. I am still looking when it. Maybe someone out there can help us still to this day. I think I enjoyed the most playing raggle, taggle, yeah, okay and I'm. Looking for something like that, we play peggle Torey, so don't see just that I know: I played peggle at some point: I, don't really remember. Oh I think arcade pinball kind of game, [ __, ], [, __, ], [, __ ], it's stupid. What was there was an old arcade game that was just like this bust, a move because you move, you shoot the ball and it sticks peggle. You release the ball and it bounces. Ok, you aim the ball. You shoot the ball. I'll do a little research yeah, it is their music or not. You want to end the show well we're on our way out. We don't have to end it, though. What do you want to eat because I haven't eaten breakfast? This is my one meal, I'm training, one meal I finally used my pellet on I got a pellet on a month ago and I didn't use it once I used to yesterday. It was good. This is the one that had the whole controversy. Yeah advertisement- yes, I bought it before that. All of you know so that I would have bought it afterwards. Still abusing you for my style, wife seemed like I was abusing I. Was fat, shaming myself, whose class are you taking I wanted to get the same? Honest Howard, but gonna find her Jen. Her name's Jen, chairman Oh, Jen, Sherman I, think that is who I took yeah really but she's English? No, oh, so I took a different Jen yeah, okay, gents Sherman, I, didn't okay. I saw her. Why do you know that just from listening, yeah yeah part of my ignorance? Is it anything? Isn't it just an exercise bike? Yes, but it's got a tablet and you can take live classes with instructors. It's like you're in a spin class, okay, okay, it's really cool where you kind of like watch the class, it's cool because you got like the resistance and the speed and you and you just follow along with their instructions, and they have all this music. They license it's like being in a spin class at home and so don't hate dan I know you're wanna hate him go ahead and hey. What do you got to say? No, it sounds like it's doing some real good for you, I didn't want dude, you calling me fat really, then. What are you trying to say nothing I just doesn't it cost like five grand or something? No, oh. Actually, what's the one with like 1,500 bucks, which is what normal frickin shitty ones I got one for 500 there was like literally garbage: that's I literally threw it out. You buy the cheap ones. Then you stuck with this huge piece of junk in your house that you can't even get rid of dodge. It was 1,500 bucks, I thought it would be more to, but it was really affordable all right. Well, that I mean yeah 1,500 bucks. The thing is one that we borrow is like 600, I, think and within a few times do you use it already started squeaky animals, the worst yeah, and that's a huge thing that, like how are you even gonna, throw it out? It is $40 a month, that's how they do it so cheaters and monthly. If you want the online classes and stuff you I didn't know about that. She's gonna make you pull the plug. Now. Sorry what yeah? Sorry me! Okay! Thank you. What do you want to eat? You want Mexican, okay. What else do you want? I, don't know. So, let's just do Mexican I really don't know you're the worst I know I hate it either goes. What do you want and then she it's always the same. She goes Italian. Well, it's always the same with you. You go. Is one pizza or Mexico's, not their main options, bro exactly I. Don't she goes? She goes. You pick dinner. No I go Indian down. No, not true! You always say yes to Indian. Well, I! Don't want to eat Indy. How can you eat Indian food every day, it's like Oh tastes like perfume. You can't doesn't Indian food tastes like perfume, [, __, ], love, Indian food, it's okay, once in a while, but give me a break yeah, it does bro and it's all the same like it's such a great. The most variety of anything, no, it doesn't they're like a bowl. Okay, you bowl full of butter and something with tomato, oh okay and then oh okay and butter, and chicken, okay and there's more variety, want to chicopee's, okay and with bull and butter and chicken be definitely more variety than Mexican. I. Think it's I love Mexican food! No! But it's similar to Mexican food in that it's like the same [ __ ], just a different configuration I like it. You know: what's the most innovative food, Oh American yeah, that's it some bacon and sausage and a pile of Pancakes wow that sounds [ __ ]. Actually thank you. I can't believe people actually eat pancakes. That's like a daily breakfast fit I like panic, not eat that every morning so dessert it sits in the name. Pancake I say alright, Dan all right! So Mexican it is start the music. Let's go looking out here. Can someone an event new kinds of food they're called chefs, yep they're fun they've been doing the same bull [ __ ] like all metallian, oh I'm, a Mexican chef, oh I'm, French, yeah, suck dick I want that new [ __ ] right, - Mexican, one of Mars yeah he's in so douchey. You should want Mars food boy, you on it's working on I, want you medically modified pig bird, flew from Wuhan put a couple. Meat market I want to go to the meat market. Whoo hummus those guys are cooking up. The real news sharing like we need a personal aid. I think you need a personal chef who's, just like really dedicated to serving you, your every need and thought my mom I need my mom. No, your mom cooks, the same [, __, ], -, that's true! It's good! There's! The next segment we have auditions for personal chef, looks so blank behind you Dan. We got to do something about that. Well, we got some plans. The plans that we're talking about songs almost over okay, guys, I, hope you're enjoying a weekend. I can't tell you how much I love you and you wouldn't even believe me. If I said it, and if you let dies tomorrow, I'll be sure -. Will you make it um know about me? Yeah I'll, put you as angel I'll not be with Theodore, be like. Oh, don't forget to wipe your eyebrows now anyway, I shouldn't joke with that. You're gonna live forever.