Ethan: Hey, Justin. We got you., I, see Joey, doing push-ups right, now. How delayed is the stream? Justin: Yeah, yeah, he's warmin' up, he's warmin' up. Justin: Alright,, so we're uh... Do you wanna stay on the phone with me? I, don't know if you can hear us. Ethan: I can hear you. I can see you. I'm, watching this and I'm just thinking. I'm not worthy.. This is way too beautiful. Justin: Okay,, okay. So,, you guys are gonna comment,, I'm, gonna, hang up, and we're gonna do this. Ethan: Yeah, absolutely., I, mean, we--. The sound was better before. What happened? Hila: Should. We show it fullscreen, like without the layout? Ethan: Should I keep Justin on the call? Before,. It was louder. Justin:, Oh, um, it might've been 'cause. We were closer to the camera. Ethan: Okay, I'll. Keep you on the call. Just talk-- talk us through it. Justin: K--Keep me on the call,. Keep me on the call. Alright, alright. Justin: Are. We good? Are, we ready? Ethan:, You're ready. Wait, hold on. Hila: Should. We have it completely full screen?, Ethan: No,, it's great. You can see it. All. Alright, tell Joey.... Tell Joey, &quot;Thank you.&quot; Justin: Dude, we're about to do this. Shit. Ethan: Tell Joey, &quot;Thank you for the hurricane victims.&quot; Thank you,, Joey Salads for taking it to the face. Justin: The hurricane victims are thanking you, Joey Salads. Here. We go. Here, we go. All right. Shit,. Here we go. Okay,. So you can see this shit, right, Ethan? Yeah?, Ethan: Oh,. We see it. Justin: Alright,. Here we go. I'm doin' it. 3..., 2..., 1..., *laughing*, Justin: Is that even doing anything? *laughing* Oh, shit. Open your eyes. Justin: You gotta, open your eyes. *laughing* Justin: Here, here. Look up at the sky. Ready? There you go, there you go. Ethan: Put the phone up to Joey. Put him on. How's, he doing?, Justin:, Oh,, man., He's, hurtin'. This is why cops use this to deter you, and also why potential victims of sexual assault use this method of uh... you know... Justin: Oh,. You definitely need water,, Joey., Man: We! Don't want him walking back in here. With that milk dripping off of him. Justin: Drink the milk! Ethan: Can we a-- Can. We get a word from him? Justin: Can. You get a what? Ethan: A word from Joey Justin: Oh, yeah. Joey, here. They wanna, hear from you. *laughing* Joey,. How are you feeling?, You, okay? Joey: This is a stupid. Idea! Why would I do this?!, Justin: He's blind right, now. He got hit pretty hard. Ethan: *laughing* You all need to be donating right. Now., Woman: We are doing this for you to give us money! Justin: Come on,, open your fucking peepers. Ethan: Joey, open your peepers. Let Jus-- Let Justin help you, Joey. Ethan: Look at the--, People are walking by in the background. *laughing* Justin: *laughs* People walking by are like, &quot;What. The fuck is going on?!&quot; You feeling any better? Ethan: P-- Put him up-- Put the phone up to him. Let's, hear from him. Man: Good Lord Woman: Hard to watch. *Ethan coughs* Justin: How much research. Did you do in regards to-- *Ethan squeals* Justin: He, says--, I, said, &quot;How much research? Did you do in regards to,, you know, overcoming this?&quot; and he said, &quot;Zero.&quot; Ethan: Wait, wait, wait, wait. I-- I asked him specifically. 'cause I was like, &quot;You've done--. Have you done this before? 'cause I? Don't want you to get too f-- He said, &quot;I've done it twice. Before.&Quot; Hila: I asked him, too,, but he told me, &quot;Before,. It was watered down,&quot; and this time,, it's not. It was watered down. Before. Justin: The milk expires, September 20th. What's, the date? Ethan: He's good, he's good. Justin: Oh, okay. He's good. Ethan:, That's-- That's, fresh milk,, that's fresh milk., Justin: I got my dates: mixed up. Ethan: As much as I'd love for that to be rotten, milk,. It's fresh., *Hila, laughs*, Ethan: Is. He alright? It's interesting how he just dumps it on his face. How. Are you feeling-- How? Are you feeling there, at ground? Zero, Justin?, Justin:, Uh,, yeah...I-- I,, you know, I feel bad. *laughing* I mean,, it would've been--, it would've been,, you know,! It wasn't me when it was someone else,, so you know... Here,, here People Put in perspective. We can feel too bad. Is. He feeling any better. It's like he just went into a bit of a rage Oh. Here you want some more? Yeah, it's starting to get a little better. Ethan: Should. We get a word from him? Can. We get a word from Joey? Let me get an update on his status. How. Are you feeling You okay? Weird you're, not okay,, we're getting close to 75k buddy Send, your second intern, with some water. Ethan: You need water.. Hila: He wants water. Joey: Yeah Uh,. We don't actually have an extra person Go to the water, fountain god, dammit! Evil is doing some guys do some research keep donating.. This is all for charity, guys Know everybody, hey, Joey Thanks for doing what you did. I mean,, it's all good I was just thanking you for all you've done for the people in Houston., I mean,. This is a really symbolic Callers in a single thing: well, not the strongest army. Are they Guys, you better, be donating right, now, I mean come on we're at 73,000. We got to hit 75 for Joey. He just took it as imagine. A lot of pain. You know to make it worthwhile Joey. Are you looking for water to drink or to what rinse your face? We got water on the way,? We have someone getting water for you,, okay,, Joe, All, right so dry off and we'll see you soon, Joey, All, right, I'll, talk to you guys, Yep Wow,, that was special That was before holy crap. Hey donations are back up right, now., I Want to get up to 75 K,, because that's what this is for. We wanted me to get to that number. That was kind of exceeded my expectation there. What this dream could become. Joey salads got pepper, sprayed by Justin, roiland yeah, you're, telling me or sprayed him in the fucking face. You're, telling me We're at 73 well,. How are we not at 200,000? I know it's cuz of webpage crime. You should be alive about an hour Now. This man made a sacrifice: Jesus Well,, we're gonna, get him back in here. We'll talk As, he was screaming and crying did. He say: I love! You easy Is that some kind of like deep masochism? No, it's kind of a moment of purity and trueness It's, a very complicated At, a label. It be. It's Really, like viscous I kind of feel, like I'm, in, like the Roman Colosseum, like watching someone getting eaten by a lion like here. We are like eating great Julius Caesar delivered the water Drink, it Don't spit it out. I, spit it right out, I'm just trying not to vomit. I. Think you just try to distract yourself from the pain Thank you guys,. This is huge. Yeah,. We got to upload this Joey sales clip by itself with the donation. Yeah, he's such a champ Let me give you the backstory on this Joey sells because I'm kind of a novice to this well did the whole Joey stewards, Joey, Salads, backstories, a whole journey,, but I announced this charity stream about a week. Ago, and Joey texted me, and he's like yo I want to come pepper spray, myself. Well, the charity stream,. So it was his idea. Yeah, and I was like dude. I love, it., I love, it What. He said I, don't know he's having a bit of a rage meltdown right now, He looks pretty fun. Yeah This man shot are his eyes like swollen, yes, We're gonna get a close-up. Look at those eyes: Once we get the milk off his body cuz, you don't want it to smell, like pepper spray and milk in here That's my dream, man that? smells like pepper spray. Milk, I, Think, he's like tripping on acid right now, He's trying to describe his experience,, but he's can't even come up short, come on guys. We're at 74 thousand, give Joey get up to 70, plus guy. The least you could do is the whole 75 for what this guy just did. We did it before Before the donations cuz. We did it in good, faith. Yeah,. We now we make it to 75. We knew would be worth it. We're getting close I have a couple more videos on deck. If you guys are wondering what's coming up next, just pass: 74. Whoo! You always walked out of frame whoo? What, a god. Wow.