Hello people in line for prayers-oh, here., Oh, here-We, go. This, is the prayer line. Remember your (right). Your prayer didn't work. Lakewood, Church?, Joel, Osteen Prayerlines is here,. How may I pray with you? Hello I have a prayer I-I need to get off my chest Okay? What's your prayer, request? My prayer is um that I-uh-I-was I just was curious about Joel Osteen I just wanted a prayer, about- pray for him Is he around right. Now? This is the prayer line It's the prayl-pra-like pralines? No. This is the prayer line. Oh, okay, so... You, asking me if he around Yeah, explain to me how it works-explain to me how this works, I'm new to this How. Does it work Hold? The sausages. What is your name?. My name is Rick *hilaugh* Rick Rick fatherGod Rick fatherGod Jesus solo Rick till you get Lord Gat in the name of Jesus Are you talking in tongues..?, right, now..?, Hold, on-, Hold on-, I- How. Does it work the prayer- How? Does it work the prayer-? The pray line I need to talk to Joel Osteen It's, a very important- message: I, have lots of money right: now., I, have-, I, have- I have over eighty seven thousand dollars. Ohh And I am ready. Er- ah-, sorry, I have eighty-three eighty-three thousand eight hundred and ninety seven dollars right now for Joel Osteen and I'm ready, to- and I'm ready, to- pray, Let's, pray together, Down Call back tomorrow, How- How mu- How. Much do you get paid to do- to- to answer the pray line? Uh? Well, you know what They ain't no of your Get a whole lotta La La Po, a She Da Da, Daaa, What?, Ahh Sorry say that again Let the Holy Spirit Spirit- Let, the Holy- Spirit, tell you Did you just talk: in... tongues?, Dare, Da, Dada, Ba, Ba, Sa, Ka Are, you talking in some made-up- is that- is that Klingon? You talking in Klingon? Is that baby talk? I-I You keep saying Ricky. Do. You know someone named Ricky? Ricky tatata, tatata, What does-what. Does any of this mean? I'm confused. Is it-I-if I were to translate this,? Would it be-uh-would it be like &quot;Hey? Don't let people into the building during the flood because we don't want their dirty footsteps. Walking on our nice carpets. I heard you the first time, yeah, I heard it the first time, &quot;...blood of Jesus&quot; Uh-huh. 2015-2015 was a good year. Flight news., Flight, News Battles,. Is that a magazine you read? What? Are you talking about? I am so confused right, now. Is this supposed to be some kind: of- Yes, oh,, it's a prayer, line. Is that-is it a prayer line where you just ramble crazy, nonsense? What language is this?. I, just-I'm gonna call my translator,, so I can follow the conversation. Ricky Papa Chak Ricky totty totty Papa Ricky Tati papi papi got tucked up up up up up Ricky. Ticky tacky Bucky Bucky tacky Tuggy You're laughing at it, cause you know,. It's funny, cause it's ridiculous. That's. Why you're laughing right, now. I just made you laugh at your own ridiculousness. You are cracking up and rikki-tikki tucky. Tucky. Tucky. Buggy, buggy buggy buggy buggy, You're, dying. Oh. She said She's gonna, put me up to the next level as prayerline. She's go just at all. She's Speaking and talk. I cannot believe what I just heard that was insane Do. You know, what's amazing, I? Was dodging questions by talking and nonsense, baby. Talk. I can't believe that people actually just start like To me talking with time,. So it's so like it's so like She's, like it's the spirit taking her. My ass Evangelical super church's,, it's so silly. Yup, and they say when it hits you when it hits you Just, let it out, and it's like sort of this weird like improv session.