-, hello, everybody and welcome to the h3 podcast. As many of you know, it is the best show on the earth the best played we entertained the best place to learn and grow and develop and marinate as a human being as an adult some coming into this world. Today's episode is sponsored by expressvpn, Emmy, undies and today we're celebrating what are we celebrating? It's a party h3 is over party. Why are we celebrating? The kpop bands were kind enough to throw us a party? Yes, thank you, Dan kpop her and her. Oh, it's her! Oh those are my favorite. It says: cancel the cake says, cancel this Rob's finest okay tastes like cancels. Oh, it's like carrot cake, my least favorite. Let me welcome everybody to the cancer H League podcast. We are now canceled the party we are just getting started now. Last episode, we talked jokingly about kpop, for what can probably only be have been about 10 seconds and oh I'll pull up the clip. Actually, this is the clip that was being passed around here. It is this. This is what caused a shitstorm on Twitter 2.8 million views by the way tireless BTS context is. We are watching YouTube rewind ice paused for 10 seconds, - [, __ ] talk kpop because I, don't like it I, don't get it, and I also noted that the fans are insane and that somebody was probably gonna come try to assassinate me for even mentioning that I didn't like kpop. You know, I put the show out, not even thinking about this and then I saw me getting tagged on like some hate threads. This one and I was like oh [, __ ]. It's actually happening like I. I totally saw this coming and then I showed it to Dan at Dan's like dude you're trending. It was like number eight. At the time it went up Dan. Where did you see it? Cuz I said the highest I saw was number four trending yeah I mean the trends are tailored to you. For me, it got way up. There. I think it was number two mm-hmm at one point. This was number four was the eyes. I saw it, but was sixty six thousand tweets, so I was very honored to be on the top trending issue. Super part: I was like yeah baby, so here's the clip that was getting passed around the BTS thing, I'm just gonna, say it right now: I, don't like kpop I hate, kpop, yeah I, don't get beats. Yes, yep! Look like they're, just a bunch a. How did this become a thing in Western culture where all these grown men or little girls are jerking off to locate pop? Yes, like a little fetish, it's like a little twink gay fetish about these kpop I love that Ian do like kpop. Just won't give up they just and talking I, don't like it, but I mean it's just pop I. Don't know I just bought me and how did you feel it was interesting cancellation? Oh so now you want me to pause. The video I see half tear easy well, the clip is just ant talking at there at the rest of the time being so that oh they got triggered about. Is my first like 10 seconds yeah. So first they go. The argument changed over time. Obviously they were just angry because I didn't like kpop people. First said that I was xenophobic. People said that's a fear of foreigners is what that is, not afraid. I'm, not afraid of foreigners in a one-on-one fight, guys are so much smaller than me. I just I can't even believe that people will take it to that place like it's so far, and then they tried they tried so hard. The first thing they lost some ones that I've seen a phobic. The the next thing they tried was that I've got all the good clips. That I was a homophobic and then finally, they latched on to no grown man should talk about little girls, masturbating, mm-hmm and I was like bro I'm, not lingering on I'm, not sitting there fantasizing and talking in-depth about little girls, masturbate I'm talking I made a joke in passing. Let's watch it again for your pleasure. No, we don't need to. Ah we said 2.5 million dude I said quote: it's a glottal gate, wink fish and all these grown men and little girls are masturbating to kpop. Prove me wrong. Well, I! Just don't understand like why would it's so did I, don't know how to explain it like it's a you're clearly like trying to just come up with some silly. Obviously provocative, jokes I'm just going off the top of my head right. This isn't like material that you sit down and write and prepare like an essay about. Maybe it's a little inappropriate but like just having fun here, yeah but I. Think. Ultimately, my point about the kpop fan was was proven because they are so crazy. They do this thing called fan camps where, whenever they, whatever they're doing on Twitter, they just share go ahead. Oh oh I! Do they just share fan reporting with one of them dancing and it's just oh so obscene and they I think they've cancelled, like Billy I wish for saying she doesn't listen to kpop. She got cancelled recently, Taylor Swift I think not canceled by kpop fans. You guys don't understand what cancel means I'm still standing, even though I got a cancel cake I'm still here baby and by the way. Ever since that drama started the viewership on that episode went up. Everybody was stoked. Everybody said Ethan, you are so funny and entertaining insightful. The comments about kpop were hilarious and spot-on. They said to me on the street on the streets. Everybody online Oprah said it on her on her show. I got a call from Oprah and Ellen extra bout. It Michelle Obama's new book, and you know here in Brazil we were number one trending, that's also have we ever been trending like never and never was exciting for that's just that's gonna tell you how insane this is, and then, let's see this was Australia number two trending H three is over party. Imagine the delight of people that actually I feel like there's a lot of people that dislike me. I've said this I I'm surprised when people like me these days, I feel like most people dislike me and I've come to terms with that. I used to be like to know, I'm disliked and that's okay. I've come to terms with that. Clearly, as you can see here for good reason, but I, imagine the disappointment when people click that expecting something juicy and like what didn't even do this time and it's just some kpop losers, getting all butthurt, because I said little girls and jak2 kpop, and you know it's true. Well, actually what I said was grown men a little girls jerk off I was referring to the grown men, but hey I'll sit my teeth, kpop, oh then, and in reaction of the ban, h3 cancel ban. Kpop accounts became number one trending, which I thought was fun, and they of course, take that very seriously. That's like all that war for them. So, but here let's look. Let's take a look at some of our favorite reactions. Now this guy Jeff this guy, who posted this first one got a ton of responses and he erased his tweet I'm, not sure why he bitched out extremely disappointed in how a straight reproductions trashed on BTS and kpop. So this is where it started. It was just me trashing, BTS and kpop. Then it morphed into me being a pedophile me being in a public arena and being white man, yeah white man, I kept seeing that one for a while and I was like what about me. I was in the video too, like this. A tree is over party included me. Am I not included because I'm a female or am I included but I'm like not included, read this. He goes. I've watched this dude for literally years and devastated is not the right word to describe how I'm feeling right now, bro I should talk to everybody. God forbid. I made one negative I made spoke negatively about kpop for like 10 seconds and moved on, and your net beyond devastated, get a [ __ ] life, you weirdo, that's how I feel I'm extremely sad bro feel sad for all the k-pop idols committing suicide cuz. You guys are so psycho. That's a that's a theme that will persist throughout this so Jeff. This was the first verified account - at me, this guy Jeff, no, the Jeff Benjamin, who is the kind of dude who is definitely jerking off to kpop I, mean that guy probably has a kpop pillow that he that he comes on every night and then sleeps on he's a kpop colonists for billboard, New, York, Times, Rolling, Stones, Teen, Vogue, Forbes and mine, calm, weekly whoa. He writes for a Nazi neo-nazi publication that doesn't fit with the rest of him. Mine, Kampf, weekly, hmm he's a kpop correspondent for that paper. He says: I, don't like I hate kpop. How did this become a thing in Western culture? It's like a little fetish, q- gay language. Well, why don't you just say what I said, because it thinks it's that offense? No really! Well, when you speak about something foreign to you like this from the start, how would you ever expect to understand it? Okay, you know that's a fair, that's a fair point, but then he he really goes off the deep end here, as I get deeper into Jeff. Who was a correspondent for mine, coughed, weakly Jeff, Benjamin uh, so I've? Never heard of a true history productions before today, but a quick research shows me they have two million Twitter followers. That's incredible research mmm! He clicked my profile, nearly seven million YouTube followers. So it's a teaching moment for this kind of language to be called out, mmm being educated by Jeff Benjamin, but here's my favorite from by Jeff Matt and Benjamin editor of the mind completely wreck. You works for the Nazi propaganda newspaper as well as New York Times, and does it not my joke not hitting I just added it as a joke, I'm making a little funny joke? Did you guys get that or was I just off basis, I get it I get he dad gets here yeah. He worked he's the editor actually of mine. Kampf weekly I found it I was a kid from Benjamin, Jeff Benjamin says true Oh. Somebody said this: the thing is no amount of calling them out is going to do anything for this. One they've been down controversial rows plenty of times before, and it always just slides right off and they continue doing what they're doing not really sure on a solution to this one mmm, we must be shut down, but Jeff goes true, even though he just admitted to not knowing anything about me true. Unfortunately, many people and platforms operate like this with no repercussions sounds like something a Nazi would say, but if we can connect with anyone who sees the problem with this type of language or even better affect the sponsorship, it can make a larger change. That's my hope, by using my platform at least well, Benjamin is uh boldly using his Nazi propaganda, fascist propaganda, I won't even say to shut down our sponsors for daring to voice sarcastically that we dislike hip-hop, so shout out to bet Jeff, Benjamin, hip-hop, hey pops, sorry, my head's everywhere I like how they're saying that um we always manage to get out of controversy. It's like okay. They want to bury there's a reason. Maybe because we didn't I, we do anything well, I, certainly didn't uh, not a serial rapist yeah. Maybe we talk about controversial stuff, and maybe we sometimes to make jokes: they don't the land yeah. You want a sip of that full ahead. Abrade our cancellation, I, don't know. Yeah I mean read between the lines there he's saying, they're saying that we talk, we've said things untoward and we must be. We must stop see stab a platform. I donors, yeah, that's the central points of fascism is that the mine Kampf weekly, the editor in chief, benjamin Jeff, Benjamin, no I think he founded that paper. He has no Pizza experience. He has no Pizza experience either, which so this was definitely the spiciest take of the night from go away with Jay. She said why don't you just call them yeah I can't say that word is the c-word racial see weren't racial epithet used by her put in my mouth? Why don't you just call them chat at a doo-doo-doo-doo and get it over with Ethan? Here's? Why? You can't imagine little girls and grown men jerking off to locate pop boys, because you view Asia men as inferior to find white specimens such as yourself? Well, let me unpack this. First of all, I never said that I can't imagine little girls and girl, mentoring off the low kpop boys. I can't imagine it and that's the problem. I don't want that images in my head, you're saying I. She made it sexual you're. What you're saying is that you can imagine it. She can imagine little girls, a grow bed took off the little kpop boys, she's, saying I, can't imagine it back me up. You know, but she's calling you race, this white man, mm-hmm white, specimen I, am a fine and by the way for her to say that I'm, a fine white specimen I mean yeah. Obviously you know Shane, obviously I'm a fine white specimen I put that out daily and if you've got a problem with that, then you just don't have eyes, because this is white. This is the. This is the face of white power. This is the face of white supremacy, right ela. Yes, she put words in my mouth. I'll appreciate that I. Don't think that this is equal me. Disliking kpop is equal to me, calling them to nother diluted by change in ding, ding dongs, calling them inferior and that's pretty harsh and completely not in the glad way, she's saying I'm not attracted to them. Cuz they're, not fine white specimens, those guys I, would [ __ ] the [ __ ] out of all those guys, Bravo go tip the tip they're hot they're spicy. That's why I called them twinks, because they're thin, they're, hairless and they're very fit, and that's just my taste I think it looks great and I would I personally would have no problem jerking off to them. I like it so shout out to go away with J for the very insightful comment and now, let's look at some of the favorite highlights from the h3 3 is over trending tweets here. Let's have a look hard to say how hard is it to say: I, don't like kpop and move on? That's exactly what we did. We talked about it for, like literally a max of 30 seconds. Actually, it's 2 minutes. Long Ian was talking for a minute of it being very reasonable, but no this grown-ass jobless man I saw that a lot. The jobless thing I'm not quite sure the pretty old-school thing. What not consider are a new age profession, not a real job. It's kind of ironic for them to be like I, don't recognize your untraditional job and I want you to recognize my untraditional tastes and music jobless. It is literally my job to make fun of kpop I'm having this cancellation party and I'm being paid right now. H 3 is over I, truly hate men, mm-hmm I, just throw that in there. That gives you credibility. Do you hate men Shay? Oh, they hate men, dirty homophobic and racist douchebag pick a struggle. Hmm, my struggle is hating kpop. Oh here pick up. One of those horns here join us trash ass white man. I see that a lot there's there's a lot of hate for white men, which is not very software. When they're accusing me of being racist right and also they're ignoring me yeah. Do they not know that you put the H h in h3h3? Oh, oh, cancelled? How did you feel that they are ignoring you, the female proponent, and by the way, I would also argue non white female Middle, Eastern I didn't like it and I started my own hashtag Eli's over at Party uh-huh. That was very clever I like that a lot. Thank you. How that go very good, very good, yellow kpop fans realized in approving Ethan's point by overreacting. Oh, we have an ally in the mid I felt like crying after watching that. How does he not know how he sounds insulting so many people just for liking, music bro? If you're crying to this, you are so fragile, it scares me and then they go on I'll update. I did end up crying because I showed my mom the video and she saw nothing wrong with it. The world is ugly shout out to his mom by the way I just his mom is awesome, I feel so bad for them that I wanna get another update. Yeah further updates. My mom ban me from kpop. She says: I'm, unstable and fragile, with us everybody's blowing, the horn okay here. Take that don't I cry, update I cried when I show this my own. Oh it's hard shoutout to his mom, imagine hating an entire country's music just because they started doing well in America racist, ass piece of [ __, ] whoa. Listen to my sound! That's the sound of me being camping, hey pop is not a whole country music. By the way, I feel like that's a racist assumption. Yeah there is Korean music that is not capable. Mmm Dan is coming in strong. So let's get this straight. The racist white man from the people that hate the racist white man we hate white men, we're ignoring his wife of color. We are generalizing the whole music of Korea excuse me: h3h3 is over party more like a stations back party aid, people who use a trees over party to try and shun Ashley, while only proving his point, I love. These memes he's got his brain is missing, but he imagines himself with a huge brain. Are these, like ironic rage comments what it will kind of fear of coming like self-aware rage comic? Maybe if you weren't an ugly ass races, homophobic misogynistic to bad I am Pro misogynist, that you're, ignoring my wife, I'm, not homophobic I would [ __ ] those guys do you understand what I'm saying they probably don't have hair in our [ __ ]. Naturally, do you understand that's what I'm into must be so easy for the white white men I'm, not surprised what color you big joke that you can't just leave it at that white n, all right nah, but for real can we make h3s over party trending? This is so disgusting and not all what army are about and this is so destroyed. We'll do the boys. What is this whole thing about army? That's what BTS fans call themselves well we're the h3 army, so when wars collide, baby I think H the Army's stronger, the BTS army, [, __, ] white men, [ __, ], men, [, __, ], old-ass hags- is that you oh did they dress you? Finally, [ __ ] men in general, [, __, ], boomers and [ __ ], racists? How do you write [, __, ], racists in the same sentence as [ __ ] white men, [, __, ] men? That's crazy! How do you so angry? Why are they so angry? That's exactly right! These are well I, don't know who these oh! Thank you why they so angry they're so upset here again, racist white men are my least favorite people. Okay! Well, good thing: we don't need to be friends. He was over when he sexualized lesbians on International lesbian, Day Oh. What did I do? I ain't forget? What did I do an international lesbian there I'm weird some joke I! Think you tweeted something about how you identify as a lesbian, because you like women, not who cares Oh Dan. Are you criticizing? My lesbian show? Well it just. It was a dumb joke, I'm saying, but also not anything. So you don't think that was highbrow. You know something you didn't think that was thought-provoking dude. How do you not sexualize lesbians? What food buzz beans, [, __, ] I, mean I, know it's obvious, but you telling me you never jerked off to lesbian porn town. You gonna stand here before you know: I will not I will not try and make that our tank I mean even you can pretty much say that at any time- and it be true, though that's true I totally get a thin shock value, but even if you don't like BTS respect the fact that they are incredibly talented performers and have built a mega fan base of people who love and support them respect the drip Karen died, just got called Karen. Okay I respect her I. When did we say that I respect it? Maybe it came off. Maybe if I can make one retract not a retraction but a asterisks I respect the hustle I do think they're very gifted performers, I've seen them dance. It's quick, they're, quick, they're, quick boy, you know I'm, saying they're good. They got nerves, I, respect that that's right, he's so ugly. My word, the wife I would dump his filthy disgusting as in the garbage where he belongs, thought Cielo they're spilling the tea. No I have no tots. Okay, Wow I'm gonna. Take that as you agreeing with them. No imagine hating on BTS, because they're Asian, who said that only white men things okay, okay, there's a lot of these. Why would you immediately take that in like translation from what we said, I think if I we hate them, because they're Asian, if I could I would never even think that like why, if I could take a guess, I think that kpop gets made fun of a lot internationally and their their immediate retort is that it's white men and xenophobia and this kind of thing I, don't think they look into it that much they just they kind of fall back on that argument of it being like anti-asian. That's my guess. You know they've pulled out that white man card like immediately. How hard is it? Is it really that hard to perceive that it's like their boy? Did it's not it I, never liked anybody! Bend like exactly this [ __ ] existed in the West 20 years ago. A lot of people hated. It then too right it's this I, don't like me, I, never liked the music right and by don't you just don't. Can I acknowledge how bizarre it is that, like boy bands in Korea, I've now become so popular internationally I mean? That's super bizarre. That's super unexpected twist and culture. Yes, it's that weird I just think it's I find it interesting how big it is like. Yes, it's bizarre come on. It's it's better sorry, but it has nothing I'm, not saying it's, not war head. It has nothing to do with the race I, don't know why it's like! Well, they could have been from India Indian boy bands or get him. You know, mother effin. What other races are there well, I. Think a comparable example, although it was never as big as kpop is now was, was the j-pop thing like Japanese pop was got pretty big yeah in the what it wasn't as big it was not like, but yeah I would find that equally as bizarre, because it's very rare that, like other that weird, though I mean American, culture gets consumed in other country, but that's our, but that no, but that's the it's not it. That's the that's the way that's floating for a while, but nothing is what I'm saying it's it's bizarre. It's unprecedented that Korea, a relatively you know they have an influence to our culture. Before is now making this huge wave in pop culture, it's I mean you could say interesting. You could say bizarre. You could say unprecedented I'm, not making a comment about like its value right. I, don't like it. I got the guide that like started it only that were with that Diet Coke EULA. That was kind of his goal. It's all engineered to be like the way it is. They train the guys they make them all. Look like that and they would yeah. That's that's the part that gets me is just how you know to me that part of it yeah that part is inseparable, like I, can't really see it without seeing that part, and it that's part of why it's so weird to me that I can't really get into it, because it feels so manufactured, that's something because they have these super dedicated fans that are love with these characters. Based on what they're super manufacturer, they're super curated, there's like a tons of media about how controlling these corporate overlords are. How, like, just in the past two months, the reek a pop idols committed suicide from the immense pressure that the fans, the media, the corporate entities in Korea. There's like this massive cyber bullying problem that based on stupid, [, __ ] like wearing something too provocative, let's say in public, and so they get cyber bullied out of existence by these by these very same people, and you can see how crazy they are, how like a agree and passionate, and just so over-the-top, it's just it's! It's it's wild reminds me a lot of all of the Disney stars here and how all right and I mean again like none of this is new. It yeah it's just like with Britney Spears in the 90s and how she, you know, a mental breakdown from shaved. Her head, yeah I mean this kind of lie, and this kind of pressure from that young of an age. It's not healthy, I, totally agree with you. Well, what do you think about three three people, just including one on like the third committed suicide in the past two months? That is I mean that sounds about all that, but I mean it doesn't really surprise me, which is kind of [ __ ] up but oh yeah, and then they says they're supposed to be single. The record companies need them to be single, I mean guys. The whole model was built here. It really is it just it's a reflection of weight. It was built here. Are you saying that they that basically, it is white uh that they stay reappropriation, but I mean it all started with this one guy who had this vision, which is a good Korean guy, yeah Lee, something by the way? Let me clarify about the white supremacy thing which part I was simply making a joke: I'll pull out the podium about because they are accusing white racist men of he's, calling me white and racist, but the boy band thing is kind of our thing and I hated it when it was here and I, don't like it when it's there is that a point to make or should I back it up and apologize? There's anyone with me I'm! Sorry, I wasn't following: how did you get to the boy band from white supremacy because they were accusing me of being a white male that hates Korean culture? Okay, but the boy band thing started in America yeah, and so they appropriated our beautiful white culture of having boy bands and then and I still hate it. Does it make sense? Is this really where I'm going with it I think I know what you're saying even decipher it decipher the wording down break it down say it for me say it for me is what we said before. It's that this whole model exists. It exists and it's always sucked it's sucked when it was here. It's yeah question the guy sigh like psy. Was he from Korea yeah? Yes, he's Korean I love that guy dude everybody loves sigh, so we're not racist to do with that open Gangnam style, Oh, oppa, Gangnam style, yeah dude I mean that's. Is that not kpop to do doing this thing, though, I see a little twink I, don't know this. Maybe I was already a kpop fan, but didn't realize it. I do have a problem with boy bands in general anywhere, no matter where right we had them in Israel too. So it's not racist to dislike boy bands, I think it's if you universally hate them yeah and, of course not. Oh man. Why did I have to do this now? I'm talking about I'm stuck in a quagmire here, I wasn't trying to make this about. I was only trying to make a simple joke about that. We invented boy bands and they're, accusing me of being a white supremacist. That's not what it is like if I liked NSYNC and I loved in sync, but then I hated BTS. Maybe you could say that I'm, a white supremacist because I love BTS are you do come on Hillary back me up no I write you! You have a point there. If it were just about being Korean yeah, there would be some validity to the criticism. Thank you, Dan I'm, just there's so much here, I have to skip ahead, but here's one that that I saw a lot they're trying to hate on me for being hating Koreans and now they made it like this. They go like kpop or hate it joke or not. A joke. I think we can all agree that little girls and masturbating should never be in the same sentence. Isn't it literally in the same sentence you just wrote like if it can be in that sentence, it can be in my sentence. Okay, I think you spent more time thinking about little girls in masturbating than I did when I was speaking and by the way, once again, I wasn't uh I wasn't the dwelling on it. This is that you get it. You get that radio mmm there's some emails. I got. These are the kinds of emails. I assume that kpop stars are getting like by the thousands they go. Ethan klein. The curse of god is upon your baby. What they says: I'm watching the photos of your family, your wife really look ugly! Oh sorry, you look I, think you're, beautiful I think you're a 10, a 10, easier s. Here. You really look ugly. Your baby look just like you bro, you know, I know you're full of [ __ ]. Our baby is objectively gorgeous. You can call me and my wife ugly, but when you look at Theodore and say he's ugly I know you're lying. Of course your baby will get so so ugly call down the curse of heaven on your baby. I said you're, so sweet. Thank you. Imagine getting so upset that you send this email, yeah and there's another one: hey guys. Ethan klein your wife, ELA looks so ugly, hey guy I, love that hey guy ethan klein, your wife, ELA looks so ugly I'm just reading this verbatim I'm not doing like a thing. You also are so so ugly. Your baby look just like you, oh and then I didn't open this photo, but Dan did he says it's just a picture of a [ __ ] in a toilet, Oh [, __ ] insane. Oh that's girls! How describe the [ __ ]? Was it like a clean, [, __ ]? Oh, it was man dude. That means that this person just has a picture of a [ __ ] on the computer for the purpose of emailing its people, a lot of like green onions and stuff. In there it kind of look like a bowl of ramen. Oh wow. We got to take a break. I've got a lot more got responses. I've got to make my apology at the podium. So let's go thro to a quick break and we'll be right back [Music]. Okay, so we know how a VPN protects your privacy and security online right, ela, yeah, but I didn't know until recently, and it's taken my TV watching game to the next level. You can use a VPN to unlock movies and shows that are only available in other colors countries. Come on I knew that that's the reason people use VPNs I've been doing that since I was like a child over the week. Why they putting words in my mouth. Okay, here's a story: they wrote for me to read over the weekend, I used to express VPN to binge-watch, Doctor, Who, 1uk and Netflix. It was so simple. I just fired up the expressvpn app and changed my location to UK reflection, refresh Netflix and that's all expressvpn hide your IP address and let you control what you want sites to think you're located. You can choose from almost on 100 different countries. So just think about all the Netflix libraries you can go through doesn't America have all the good [ __ ] already I'm, but when I was in Israel, I could have watched [ __ ], but you needed a VPN to be like oh I'm American. Let's watch all the good [ __ ] and that's what a VPN is all about: love, anime user drivi bill to access, Japanese Netflix and be spirited away wow. That's some weeaboo [ __ ] right there mate, but it's not just Netflix expressvpn works with any streaming service. Hulu BBC, iPlayer YouTube, you name it. There are hundreds of VPNs out there, but the reason I use a VPN to watch shows is it's ridiculously fast, there's, never any buffering or lag, and you can stream an HD. No problem. Expressvpn is also compatible with all your devices- phones, Media, Console, Smart, TVs and more so you can watch what you want on the go or on the big screen. Wherever you are. If you visit my special link right now, expressvpn dot-com, / h3, you can get an extra three months of expressvpn for free support. The show watch. What you want and protect yourself all at the same time, go to Express VPN, dot-com, /h [Music], it's that time of season. My dudes and time is running out. If you are last-minute gift giver like myself, then you're gonna want to head on over to me undies to get the gift that people are actually gonna like they're, actually, gonna, wear, I'm gonna, think about you every time they caress their butts and these glorious me undies micro, modal, baby, I'm talking three times soft in the cotton I'm talking about breathable slick, beautiful, looks good, cute handsome amazing guaranteed to make your winter great, because it's dark at 4 p.m. nobody wants to go outside. So if you're lounging inside you might as well be as comfortable as you can be with these god, damn beautiful me undies when they say cozy, they made it. This holiday season, cozy up with their new robes for men and women, treat your feet and their soft new slippers and, of course, match the whole family with their cute. New baby body suits with brand new holiday prints and cozy new products merely as a gift. For literally everybody on your list from Nana to the dogs, to the baby and beyond, I don't know. What's beyond that, your enemies know you don't want to give this to your enemy. This is too good for them. Me Andes has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchase. You will get 15% off and free shipping. That's a no-brainer, especially because they have a 100% satisfaction guarantee. That means, if you do not love the product, if you are not extraordinarily happy with it, you sent it back. You get a refund. There's nothing to lose here. Folks, give me a break I'm pissed to get your 50% off in the front of your first pair. Free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed, go to me, undies comm, /h 3, one more time. That's me, undies dot-com, /h, 3/8 3 by that merch buy that merch buy that whoa. Sorry, everybody I didn't know this could get so loud. We're back I'm, just gonna slam through this, because you know we get we're over at Party yeah we're actually over at Party, but I wanted to share, show off some of my interaction with them. Cuz I feel that I was a I, was a slam dunking on these kids kind of good I said I'm finally, trending on Twitter, this guy deleted his his pulse. It was just the video I already showed you guys my message to kpop fans lighten up nerds. If you can't have your hobby being made fun of a little bit, then you really are just a bunch of little girls, little girls jerking off to kpop boys thoughts, I thought that was appropriate the rebuttal. But this is the thing it's so crazy. All they do was post yeah. What is with that? It's just it's kind of creepy, it's like so obsessive. These are called fan camps, it's someone who goes and sees them and then just like steadies on one person. Oh really, apparently people actually go to the concerts with like professional video equipment. Yeah, that's industry around, so they just they just hone in on one person. You see that so interested in their favorite k-pop idol. They just post the picture or the video I, also think they they really get off on getting high view counts. So, by putting it I think some of them have insane yeah insane views I think that's a factor why they just put it under everything, possibly right right right right, like this one has a hundred and eighty-seven thousand views yeah. Let's, let's have a look I like his old pirate shirt silk. Oh damn! Look at the camera work makes it look so much more dramatic hate him Oh hit him with it. Oh Jamal a hit me with that Michael Jackson sound bite, quick and with it's really considering that bad cameras, gotta move no yeah. This is some high level, camera work and I wonder if they like memorize the routine beforehand, so they can follow the movements seamlessly. You know what they're doing, though they have a whole I, think what they do is they have a huge wide frame, and then they do post editing stabilizing it yeah I'm say they probably crop it and post so that it looks like perfect, but it's actually quite sloppy Oh Ramona anyway, that was my first slam-dunk response. My second slam-dunk response, ela thanks for asking this- was my response to this lady, who called me so why'd. You just call them this G word trig word and get it over with you. 'then I just said what, by the way for the record look how many lights look at the engagement now, seventy-six thousand likes bro, twenty thousand retweets I have to assume a lot of people were just I was really shocked by that sharing it cuz. It was so outrageous that response was so insane the amount of Prayer, oh yeah, I, think it was mutual kpop, psychos and people who are just shocked by it. You think so. I only pray to God that that's the case, I think it's probably mostly legit. No, don't say that why we're having a party think that I'm just calling them to shoot? How do you? How do I I want people to know what I'm saying people know what you're saying? Oh, they do. Okay, cuz. The N word is like oh [, __ ]. We know what he means the C word. You know what they call Asians derogatory, that I would never say. C word check. It starts with that chip. Let's move on yeah, so she got a lot of street cred for that one. So congratulations to her kpop fans, there's a little Mia might the shot at this is so accurate. It's the fan, cam mask and the rage and the sadness over the I mean that's so true, they're, so pissed off the so angry so got him. Thank you. You appreciate and finally I feel like this. This was a really slammer seventy-seven thousand likes. Thank you. Everybody that face when kpop stands are trying to take the moral high ground over a joke, but are responsible for dozens of suicides of k-pop idols their online abuse. Thank you. That's what we call a three-pointer Kobe from half-court slam-dunk, ela, high five yeah I, didn't know who this is by the way, but I thought it was funny reaction, gif Sheila's over it. My final message, I, could tell you this. Is it I think you two who put this together? Yo tanga? I said this is my final message to k-pops sorry started with the fan: cam Oh classic GU man I forgot. We even had this video I went dancing in front of a green screen for people to use the clip sure enough. It came back for great use. Looking pretty good back then eh I've gained assault, 60 pounds since then problem Ken bone said this is the greatest response to Internet outrage. I've ever seen, he got death threats for saying that. But, oh really, he said he just made himself look even more immature. He said there was a really good response. They called him just shut up white man or something Kim Bow Wow Wow. Well, let me find I got to read this to you guys, oh no Ken, why you tweeting so much now I can't find your [ __ ], all right, I'm out for those reasons I'm out uh. Yes, heartily responded, who I called out for being a kpop fan and I'm happy to say he said the worst part of being a fan of kpop is for the most part, other fans of kpop I. Definitely don't trick off to it, though I swear, I promise, I, love, Harley, I, think he's great and I. You know I didn't mean to throw him and PewDiePie under the bus, didn't mean this passed. Judgement I, guess, I'm more surprised that they'd be a fan of a boy band, but to each other. Actually, yes, he is. He is not just like a higher I'm, not a hundred percent sure, but I'm no remember when they call it when they said that he looked like he was dressed like a white supremacist and he's like I'm, dressed like Korean I like Korean pop. That's, why I'm dressed like this yeah, but that doesn't explain anything in your mega fan. You can tell me what that beautified likes kpop or not whether he does or not no judgment. No hey the guy can love who he loves. You know lbgtq or whatever the massive penis. Yes well. I've heard that as well Ian and that's why we love PewDiePie. Oh man, this is a tough conversation to get out of so shout out to harley and felix also responded. I showed that earlier it's this one that people thought was serious, apparently, which is insane [, __, ] piece of [ __ ], your trash speak bad about kpop and BTS again, and army will walk all over you so and by the way. So here's what it actually is like- and I have to tell you it kind of- comes off like a high school talent, a little bit the vibe in the room, the screaming [Music] [Applause]. Do you get high spoke talent, Ives ha a little bit more talented than claimed by BTS mother of God. We got you I. Could they got the last? Laugh alright, I think we're done we're finally done so let me bring up the podium. You guys silence that air oh yeah yeah. Are we good, so I have a couple of statements to make that I've prepared. For this occasion, I've been waiting and hoping or not hoping I've been waiting for this eventual moment to come, where I would be cancelled and I've prepared some statements for the occasion. First of all, I want to apologize to ela, whose birthday it is on Thursday for getting canceled on her birthday week and bringing her into this conversation. I could tell she was completely over it. The whole town was making her very nervous, so apologies T ela thank who is, incidentally, a female person of color I. Don't I thought it was widely ignored and I mean apologies to her right right, ela, okay, okay, she said that sign. Apologies to uh I just want to apologize to the Koreans, the everybody who's. A fan of the kpop world I was clearly ignorant to to the intricate interest. Keys interests and Tristan Tukey's intrinsic T's I'm, not gonna, see this guy Dan intricacies intricacies I have never before I mean the concept of a boyband is unprecedented I've just never seen that before, and so how could I, possibly imagine and appreciate it now that it was Koreans doing it instead of white people? Clearly the matter in hand, so I apologize I've since listened to kpop I have I have definitely jerked off to it to give it a shot. I found this really good fancam, where it was like he was showing his shirt was open, so you could see like nips and I was able to bust one, and it was good I enjoyed it to be honest with you once I gave it a shot I even and it didn't take long either so I was pretty excited, so I did enjoy kpop in that incidents and I'm gonna give it more of a shot. You know I'm gonna I'm here to experience it I'm gonna get myself into it. I apologize to the cast Ian, who was featured in that clip to 2.8 million people. My first thought was that I was scared for Ian, because we have security at our house, but uh. These kpop fans are crazy. Man and I got scared for eating safety, so apologies to Ian and mostly I, just uh I'm, just so ashamed that came to this. You know did it. You know just so ashamed that it had to get canceled on Twitter again, I just been watching a lot of kpop to get into it and you know so get into it. I think I got it down. Can you see me you up? All right heel is over it dip. All this has been her apology from Ethan client regarding the kpop incident of 2019, where Ethan was canceled for being a white supremacist. There's anything else. I should add. You guys know from Dan a resounding no from everybody. I should probably prepare and prepare for this next. Is that a booing, sound Zach? Oh, that was exhausting and not fun at all. I need to prepare speech next time. Mm-Hmm apologies to the late anyway, let's get over it right, ela you're! So over this uh-huh, it's your birthday on Thursday, yeah and [Music], not my favorite activity to be canceled on my birthday yeah. So we'll see what happens after this episode. I, don't think I said anything worse than I. Did last time we'll find out, though I guess we'll find out. Congratulations, I have a fun announcement, h3h3 shop, the shirts are done selling oh now, I want to give a breakdown, because we were very curious about who would sell the most now Ella sold a thousand and seven Wow, oh yeah. That is insane. I came in second, you know Kleiner's with three three hundred and seventy-four. Then Zach came in a resounding third place, with almost 500 shirts. How many did I have booked three? Did you can't that can't approach me that kind of clothes? We got four hundred verse rounding up yeah to first two hundred okay good at least some double I can't have Zach's coming close to me on shirts. That makes me insecure, Ian, I think came in and forth with 134 in made of a push. He made a big surge because I had Dan 104, damn dropped down the last place, but I promoted, yeah and then was reddit for in surge. It's true. Well, ultimately, we ended up selling 1800 shirts Wow. Thank you guys for supporting us for a nice little Christmas bonus and I have a an important announcement to make that mean: ela never planned on taking a cut and that all of the proceeds will go to your favorite three and only three h3 cast members. So thank you for subjecting yourself to my abuse. Thank you for being being a part of the show. Thank you here. You guys will share the profits of that - um. You know aids fee I'm, not insane I'm, not running a charity here, not the cost there all the profits and thank you all very much. Thank you. So much guys. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, thank you guys literally. This is like you couldn't write this better. Our next-door neighbor does sleep studies. They literally have sleep studies. So, let's move it on here. I have a congratulations to mark McGrath from Sugar Ray, who made an announcement for us, and apparently any business is good for all Marky. He raised his price to 150 100 Merry Christmas to McGrath. It was bankrolling I love. How he's capitalizing he's like man I, think I'm in high enough than the man I'm going up to 150, ordered together bunch after the last episode, yeah I, hope so I hope so too. What that's I wonder if he knows, but it's pretty good at it, he's really good at it and he's really good at breaking bad news. I hope people continue to use him at that resource. Some people were wondering if we gave him any talking points, because he like really I, wrote him a message. I said: did you tell him, for example, about the oil prices going on? No, that was all has yeah. That was all him. He got him prey. Improvised I said I have to fire. My employee in actually I told him. It was a joke. I did time because I didn't want him to okay, he was it I wanted him to accept it. So I said it's for my employee and it's a joke. Just tell him that you know there's a lot going on. Okay and we're just gonna have to let him go and we wish him. Oh, we wish him the best cool. Yes, something like that and he ran with it. Yeah he's a great and by the way he got that to me in like 12 hours. So mark is on that [ __ ] boy. He will. He will I want mark on the show. Man I just want sound good for free and start. So, congratulations to mark christmas came early, for we got reddit, memes boy that that kpop conversation went for a long time, didn't it yeah when it's been 10 minutes. Since you had a pizza, its Papa John on the veins popping out kid Papa John, it's the Spotify meme pizza's eaten for T number of days. 30 divorce is 100 days of reckoning, pretty good, meme time to wrap it up edit. It ended Dan 30 minutes later, even with the sound bites and everybody's over it. Sup sup, sup sup bow in the house and for those reasons I'm out. This is me at the podium on CNN debate. Go Carmel. Harris is out, so this needs to be updated. True, mm-hm, Papa John with the Joker mask stay tuned. The day of reckoning will come. The record will be straight. This was something that I didn't notice. First time around you to Brie one edited out, Teddy, fresh yeah, and but when we were watching I noticed that the sweater looks weird and I was thinking to myself. Why does it look weird to me and I didn't say anything? You know I'm sure it's common practice for them to edit out brands. Yeah hello, we own the brand. You guys know that yeah, it's a little bit annoyed I, wish I would have noticed. I would leave in the Teddy fresh bro. Why you gotta play me like that right, but I do know that it's a pretty common thing. Yeah. It is a common thing, but they dance. They know damn well I owned us. You know feeding window vegetables, Ethan I thought this was good, but I think it should say pizza. You know because it's still vegetarian. Thank you very much. He lost his job, his pizza and now his wife. His villain origin story is slowly coming together. Someone joked that Papa John might be doing the. If he comes on the show he might be the one to assassinate me, not shoenice. You know, kpop stands on Twitter during the Billy Eilish is over party. Kpop stands on Twitter during the Katy Perry party is over. Kpop stands during the Shane Dawson party's over by the way. This is true. They did all these kpop stands during. The h3 is over party and their transformation to clown is complete Ethan, who wants to rob a bank with me, Zack yeah, you son of a [ __ ] I'm in that's. Why Zacks the best he's ride or die and he's always down now in you. Gotta have to explain this to me, Kanye as the Tin Man, and this in particular this image, I'm sipping, the wine is or the champagne is one of the funniest things ever I find the left one. He looks so fat and so not very flattering. He looks like he's about to get wrapped around my leftovers. Keep him warm it's for his opera. He did his opera, oh, oh, he went ten man in the Opera. You were there. No, it was in Miami Oh. Second, second, second opera in two weeks, was he with opera yeah? Was he doing a character? Every single person was all silver. Oh, this is just part of the costumes, but don't you just find it amazing that he's sitting champagne while he's covered in silver makeup I mean it's great imagery. There's your man. Look at this Gordon tell me who you think would win in a fight. I just see Oh between him and senior. What was his name CeeLo yeah between Kanye and the goal. Kanye would beat this guy's ass. That's what he and said I asked him earlier said: Cee Lo has more HP, but Kanye has a stronger moves. Yeah Kanye's, a more well-rounded soldier, so there you go Papa John! Oh, this isn't something we addressed in the podcast we touched base with Papa John I showed you guys all the Instagram back and forth, but then, finally, at long last- and it happened right after we finished the last one cut. Basically, we were out- and you know out back after right after we finished and I opened, Twitter Bob's your uncle look at this 2.4 million views. People are stoked for Papa, hey gang pop. It here give a shout-out to h3, even hope, you're doing. Well anyway, it's actually papa dude, there's confetti sucker yeah, although Papa John uhrin. Well, you did it during the Papa bless from Papa and sow. Oh, my god. That was way crazier than I thought. You're right I shouldn't shoot that at the camera Dan I was gonna, shoot no, oh dude. We gotta get more of these. That was awesome. Holy crap I, like it wow it kind of shot it ricocheted into my penis kind of copped cat got my junk a little bit there I liked it. So he listened again cuz, we've kind of missed the Papa bless to Papa we're gonna come over. You can show it have a lot of fun with it. Oh I'll get you soon in Papa, blessed Manny's wilderness man he's just out in the wilderness, doing Papa [ __ ]. This is a man without his pizzas. Without his wife he's just out in the wilderness. Bro can I I don't know if I should say, but don't say it. No, don't say it. Okay! What's that, do you know what he's gonna say? No, don't say it right, don't say it not! Yet, let's just say that you know no, let's not say it, but anyway Papa bless. He tagged me and everything have you heard back from his PR. Yet, oh no, we got a poll come again. You got a shot to the money you're, not even talking you're, just eating it to the mind, that's true story of my life dude! You set the precedent nuts. My show I'm in front of the camera. There's no reason for you be eating with the mic hope you're right, I apologize! Thank you honestly right here, I'm right, the better I feel so you should reach out to them. You should you shouldn't. You know what we should aim for is. First episode back I want the meat stop playing in person. Wow! Okay, try pay for his flight stay top is like I got. My beats again. He's got a jet with a pizza oven in it. He's rich enough. Oh yeah, Papa's, like half a Billy, no I think he is a billionaire well, he was looking up. I think he was worth it when Papa John was worth a lot of money. Oh he's still worth 800 million, but Papa John stock used to be worth like way more than they mo this. You know right all this nonsense. The uprising occurred yeah the pizza, the pizza coup, the pizza, mutiny, insurrection, yeah yeah by the way, speaking of Papa, here's an excellent pizza, related meme that had me in stitches what oh, it's still up. It says it was removed, but the video still here bro this is the best [ __ ] video I've ever seen. I relate to this. So much I gave you what you wanted. You give me what I want, but it's tough to eat me. You're, gonna, stab me over some pizza. Are you serious? Let me kill the over some pizza. Yes, some pizza, all right! I! Don't want to share that Pizza. It's other stuff too eating here, all right! That's what your [ __ ] dad bought that for you cuz. It was nothing to eat it's tough to eat here! That's not [, __! ] pizza! Do you want the [ __ ]? That's totally me like every day, so that was his dad! No because he thought her brother. No, he referenced his dad in it right. Oh I, see cuz in somebody else. I just see my uncle or brother did I kind of sympathize with the kid bro I pull a knife. Somebody took pizza I. Imagine that they go give me a slice. I'm gonna buy pizza later and you can have a slice of mine and he never buys the pizza bro. That's time to kill. Then it's time to ride or die. I love that I like the tear running. This is a really fascinating story. The banana duck tape. You guys probably heard about this, but it's developed. Someone bought a banana duct taped to the wall for $120,000. Now this was done by famous artists and it does come with a certificate of authenticity. So it's I mean obviously it's ridiculous to spend a hundred twenty thousand dollars on banana tape to a wall. It's a fact I'm just trying to give some context here. It's the guy that made the golden toilet. Mauricio cut the line. You know the golden toilet he made was actually stolen. Really it was solid, 24 gold toilet worth like six million dollars and somebody stole it. Wow dude art heist has actually become a apparently quite lucrative and doable. So here it is what are your thoughts on this piece of art? It's called the comedian and apparently, who worked on this for three years. I swear to god. It says how do you say his name, catalan, I think, cut cut the line. Catalan said he'd been working on the comedian for a year, oh and initially wanted to create a bronze banana. Whenever I was troubling I had this banana on the wall, I couldn't figure out how to finish it. He told art net news and then one day I woke up and said the banana is supposed to be a banana genius. I would have liked them better in bronze to me I personally, well, I was like when I first I was like. Is this like porcelain or something that looks like yeah, because that would be my cooler as art or I mean for but I guess? Sometimes a banana is just a banana. Exactly the artist reported no clear instructions for the buyer on whether the banana would start to decompose. Well, I think the answer is clear: the real banana, my understanding of biology and life and time indicates that it will decompose, but luckily, before it decomposed, another artist stepped in a performance artist. Have you seen this HeLa yeah another our performer stepped in to eat the banana I love? How he goes. I love how much he just goes. He's all tripped out. It's in our performance, hey! Is it our performance? You don't need to say that just do it he's so clever, although I have to say it's a fitting conclusion for the man on the wall. Oh, it's called hungry artist. That's pretty funny! I got it. I gotta give it guys. He said, reportedly that he went to the gallery and he wasn't hungry yet so he walked around for two hours until he was hungry, they said how's. It taste like 150,000 you being held as a genius or a rebel who knows, but I will say that an art piece called the comedian, which is just a banana taped to the wall. Artists, probably shouldn't be that upset that it was eaten. No I think he probably loved it. Well, a role: reportedly, he rushed back to the gallery. I think he was upset. He claimed that he was very hungry. He later posted that I really loved this installation. It's very delicious I think he was in on it. I think this was planned from the beginning for the Jews, oh I, think that's part of the artistic statement or something I, don't think so. No I think what about the minority? Well, what now I actually don't think he was in on it. But what do I know they've been I, don't think so, because it's just a performance art is that's pretty that's kind of like the most fitting to think to do with this it's a little and it's a good like PR for that guy that just ate it I found trillion percent agree with you and he said the galleries founder, told CNN. The banners are a symbol of global trade, a double entendre as well as a classic device for humor, ah you're trying to art mm-hmm you trying too hard they're, adding that the artist turns mundane objects into vehicles of both delight and critique. He told the herald that that Oona did not is that the guy who ate it or the guy who taped it de tuna? So that's the guy who ate it. He did not destroy the artwork, because the banana is the idea. He claims that Maru Zeos work is not just about objects, but about how objects move through the world. He added that the spectacle is as much a part of the work as the banana itself. Mmm fascinating, oh so, the artist peril 10 is that the artist no more cut the lines whose peril he said. Parrots in was about to head to the airport when he heard about the banana being eaten and rushed back. So why? So? Oh that's! The gallery. Guy attendee tried to cheer him up by handing him a banana. Our borrowed replacement banana was eventually re adhered to the wall. Can you do that? Can you just put another banana to the wall and pretend that it's the piece again? That's awesome. Yet the incident apparently prompted the gallery to make the decision on Sunday to remove the banana altogether. This morning, following recommendation, we removed the installation at 9 a.m. the gallery stated, adding that several uncontrollable crowd movements and the placement of the work on our booth compromised the safety of artwork around us, including that of our neighbors. Well, here, is when and Dan tell me if you think that this is part of it as well. Another artist stepped in and painted Epstein didn't kill himself where the banana was once located and they're here, they're covering it. Well, it all fits it really all fits the story. You know, I think it's. Here's a video I believe of the artist himself, the real genius in the art hat on, so you know, he's an artist and a goatee SPO. He looks like he knows, I was there, Epstein didn't kill himself. He said this is the gallery where anyone can do art, but why is nobody trying to stop? Well, it's just. It looks and you got it yeah. This is the banana spot. Everything goes man I mean why didn't only try to stop the do when he ate two bananas and that's why I was. It was a little sustenance. Well, apparently, Security's real accident kind, always trips me out when I'm at a gallery you seeing like these masterpieces without glass or anything I, could just sneeze on it. Yeah yeah, you know anyway, there you have it the genius himself. So who was the biggest genius of this? The banana man, the hungry artist or the Epstein boy? The banana man mmm all praised the banana man. Neela's spoken, he is a famous artist. He made a gold 24-karat gold toilet, which is pretty dope jokes on the people who bought the banana to be honest, 150,000. They do get a certificate of authenticity, but if I mean listen, a lot of people are like dude, [, __ ], these artists and all these people like there's some clash. This [ __ ] you're gonna, spend 150 thousand dollars on this [ __ ] like there's only one hundred and twenty 120. Excuse me sorry good good deal. He got a good price on that one. You know I get that too. The art world is very, very corrupt, actually -. In what way there's a lot going on. It's pretty shady the whole like gallery world versus the artist, and they do you know that if you sell something through a gallery, the gallery takes 50% the statement of the of the price. That's and what are their industry? Does anyone take 50%, but I can think of money laundering done through the sale and purchase of art as well? Oh, that actually is a perfect and it's true for it because you could pay whatever you want exactly. There's a 50% in value and pretty shady huh. Now I've heard that the galleries are very parasitic, yeah, very predatory. So let's say you buy that $20,000 banana. How do you transport it? You just? Aren't you just take tape off and actually I, don't know, I think it's really just about this certificate. I think it would just stay there till it rotted. Well, they sold like three of them. Yeah, there's three limited edition bananas. So it's all hype, yeah I, don't know how it comes. That's a good question like do you get a I think you got a banana in a box and I think they would probably just peel it off and a little duct tape. Boy I, don't think. That's a good use of $120,000 I'd rather buy two MacBook Pros two macro or a [ __ ] ton of bananas to you guys there you have it folks, Elon Musk is seen in a cyber truck driving around La and it's been removed. It here I think this is the backup video check this out. This truck looks awesome and he takes out a pylon til Oh. What was that he took out a cone. Did this truck? Look I want is huge, there's no mirrors or anything it's just like yeah dude get out the way. I can't believe it yeah it's happening so awesome. He runs over the cone. Then I'm gonna drive your own Dan. You don't think that car looks dope. Not so much I. Think you're gonna, like you're gonna, see all of those of the road it's gonna be so sick I'd rather buy the banana. Really. No, you wouldn't stop. I. Do not like that car you'd rather buy the banana ties. [ __, ], I it it looks like a concept car. It's not done. It's not done. He said that he's made a lot of changes. That's true! There's like a 0% chance that that was legal for him to be driving that yeah right yeah no way that's true. He had a plate on yeah, you know! No, there was a license plate on it. Yeah there was I think it was fine. He just didn't have like a I, think you, you need to have a mirror. On your left side, the mirrors on the right side, headlights, to like having cool little sci-fi headlights like that the headlights are, are heavily regulated. You know what type of lights you can have on a car. So those didn't look to me but he's billionaire. He can do whatever he wants. Yes, the way the world works. Oh nice, Ian. We talked about last episode and I got into acclaim war with him, so we ended up cutting it because I as I suspected, he is first, he claimed them immediately when they're unlisted and then, when I wouldn't let him claim it and own the whole. You know episode I mean I, would rather I'm not paying this. This scumbag a single cent seni come on Ethan penny I'm, not going there dude you're nice I'm, not gonna pay this scumbag a dollar, okay, I'd, rather a race, the episode, and so we went back and forth. I said you can claim it and eventually he said: okay well, I will remove your videos so I'm glad that we cut it out because I was showing his footage. So now I will talk about him without showing his footage, so we can't claim it or strike it, and what I will say is that I have the highlight still up, which is going through the copyright process. Right now, once it gets taken down, I can dispute that which I will and I'll win, and then the highlight my original segment about an easy on will be available in the highlights channel. But until then we can talk about him. Now being such a creep, I mean wow. The guy is such a creep, and it makes me wonder: are a lot of people are making videos about a nice young right now, I think they're all being claimed by him. He must be making a lot of money. They heard of molest me I think he must be making a lot of money from these videos that people are making because he claimed mine so fast, and he was so relentless. So unless these people fought him all the way through being DMC aid which I'm not sure that they did he's making money off those cheers, but Chris Hansen has done a wonderful reporting on it. Philip DeFranco did a really nice piece about it. There's been a lot of girls here. Let me show you a picture. He can't claim me for showing a picture Kenny. Oh thanks! Oh right, he will probably try I. Think that were checked, that you can show someone's picture right. Can people copyright a picture of themselves? Maybe they could? We don't need to you guys know what he looks like he is. Lots of reports have been out about this guy, like grooming, like very, are Kelly behavior grooming, girls fans come to his house dominating them. There was a leaked footage that disturbed all of us greatly like really greatly of one of his ex-girlfriend's, who he groomed and was living with them, and he and she's doing a video and it cuts to him being, like you know, nobody's gonna see this right like you're pathetic. This is awful. You know, nothing goes through me and then he starts throwing candy corns at her as hard as you can, which sounds funny. But it's not. You want candy corns, all psycho and she starts crying and he's pelting her with candy corns as hard as you can. But there's been allegations of him getting when his fan some of his fans, who came to live with him pregnant, forcing them to get or once they had miscarriages, because, like he's making them sleep on the ground and not feeding them, and then when they have miscarriages he's not getting them. Health I mean and then dude he's making them dress up as boys, which is something our Kelly did. He prohibits them from and just like, punishing and all kinds of like demeaning stuff insulting them. He found out that one of his sex slaves, like smoked marijuana, so he gave her the option to be in the basement for ten days chained to the wall, make a youtube video saying I'm. Oh, he wanted her again I'm a liar tattooed above her, but he made some girls tattoo his name on them. It was straight-up r.kelly, sex cult, [, __, ] and he's married to this girl who's now going trans male female to male, which is super weird, because that's kind of his thing is that he wants women to dress like men, I guess to demean them. I don't know what this person's sexual orientation is but she's in on it, and they have two kids together, which is the saddest [ __ ] I ever heard. Chris Hanson has been doing an episodic thing on this guy oniisan and he says the FBI is investigating him, which is great news, because this guy scares the [ __ ], and it was actually calling him Greg right. That's his name and I kind of think that we should stop calling him a nice young and just call him by his name because you're just humanizes him, it's just a creep named Greg yeah. Well right. We can call him Greg Greg the Greg yeah. It doesn't really do it. He doesn't sound that great when you just call him, but the guy. When is under oniisan, you think of like a character or you know, maybe it's not real, which I I still don't know it's all allegations, but there's a lot of them. No, it's real I think what he's doing is blurring the lines, because if you go to his channel he's putting on all these shows about him having like these mental breakdowns and this and he's playing it up and I think he is just trying to make light of everything to have the illusion of still having control, even though he is going down big-time. His patreon got closed off, which I I assume was the only source of income. Besides claiming people's videos, I think that's a big explanation for the current videos he's making now -, which is him just having like a meltdown kind of trying to bait people into making a video about him so that he can claim it mm-hmm. One thing was when I was going back and forth with the claims is that he claimed it immediately and then, when I disputed it, he came over and claimed it again and usually, when someone's trying to mess with you they'll, let it sit so they can draw it out for as long as possible, but in Greg's case I think he actually needs the money so he's trying to force it to a crisis. Most people won't push it as far as I would because they're not as comfortable and there's a knowledge about the law, as I am so I would say nine times out of ten. He probably just gets the money. I wasn't gonna. Let that [ __ ] [ __ ], take the whole podcast revenue for that [ __ ]. You know [ __ ] that hell no I really hope that the FBI investigation and goes deep on all the allegations. I. Look it up. You know, there's a lot of weird you know. I should I should find some of the girls talking about, because you can't claim that, but I'm kind I feel like I'm hamstrung a little bit here like it's all kind of too dark - its you're lost you're, going to the details, it's true. It's really sick, [, __, ] yeah, but people people, people always ask you. Why don't I talk about it? People always asking? Why don't you talk about it? Well, one. First of all, it's -, it's so disturbing! First of all, you know when I played that last video of the girl being abused on camera verbally and being having candy corns thrown at her. We all were like yeah I was a lot to watch yeah. You know, I think we were all very disturbed by that mm-hmm and the two is that he'll claim you to the point where it's like. It's like when Isis two had ads on YouTube, it's like I'm funding, Isis right, if I'm making a video and he's claiming it so on one hand, I'm not gonna, give him money and on the second he's gonna strike my video. If I don't allow him to claim it, what happened here and that whole process ends up taking can take up to a month until I'm free of his legal claims on the video and I can just show it to you guys so I'm, not gonna, publish it until it's free and he's not gonna make any money on it, and he can't do anything but highlight but I understand what people aren't talking about it. For those reasons, and those are the reasons that I'm not talking about it either he makes he goes out of his way to make it almost impossible to to talk about it. And so here I am saying: oniisan, you are a disgusting human being. You are a creep. You are, hopefully gonna be going to jail very soon. I want you to tattoo my name over your ass thought: Cielo tattoo Ethan Ethan rules over your ass and I want to throw candy corns at you at high velocity as revenge. So there you have it. That's all I have to say about that. Jesus Christ. This is my first. This is gonna, be my first gaming experience. I found it either. I was talking last episode that I wanted to be a gamer, so bad. So here's a I am Jesus game which looks super high. My pace, action-packed I just filled her and put a lone whoa whoa whoa. Well, since when are there Polaroids back in zero, this [ __ ] is yeah, I didn't even say anything. Dude did Jesus just make fish appear in your empty bowl, and did they mean to make this funny? No I think this is honest to god like honest to god, honest to god. What's with Polaroids, why is that Jesus? Don't have Polaroids yeah. This is rules. I want to be chained to the crucifix and just watch as my life force goes away, helpless, [, __, ], epic time, Jesus, Christ [Music]. What was that? Oh, that's the resurrection, I wonder if it like I did well I wonder if there's like a weird twist where, when you get resurrected, you just get like going a rampage, that'd be sad. I may be because I'm I'm still unsure. If this is not just a giant, troll like I would play the hell out of this game. If the second part, when you get resurrected, is just your revenge on the world because it ends with the with the tomb opening- and it's like time to do my Jesus [ __ ] I play the hell out of that game. Do that's hype. Does anyone know who made it? It says it's on Steam, oh yeah, I. Don't think it's actually out yet the developers called Simula, M Samuel, oh yeah, have they done anything else? I, don't think so. Ah, dude they better be a revenge story. I would play this become Jesus Christ, the famous man on earth ooh. That sounds like a Chinese translation and this highly realistic simulation gameplay like him for getting super power. Famous miracles like him from Bible like what the [ __ ], like casting demons healing and feeding people resurrection, and more and I am Jesus Christ wow. This is gonna, be awful. I'm afraid this is not a joke. Is gonna be awful when you play the [ __ ] out of it, though, if it was all Jesus revenge story, that'd be so sick. What's with the Polaroids, I can't get over that either alright. So when that comes out, I'll start my gaming channel I would watch that. Thank you. Jesus post would love you God Sword of Truth. You have the Sword of Truth somebody. Unfortunately, now man we're almost done Steve Harvey messed up again. You believe that [ __ ] he messed up again Miss Universe. How is it possible? The job was just the highest HD version to go to [ __ ]. It find a higher resolution version. 240, let's see if our doesn't even look like you 40 to me when I type, Steve Harvey mistake, they're asking which one I don't want this [ __ ] talk this happen. This is this is why we [Music] [Applause] girl. What do you think thoughts, someone really trying to mess with out I think someone's trying to assassinate Steve, Harvey I, just love that it was. The original mistake was about Philippines yeah, no way it's like curse difficulty. This was generations trying so or somebody hates Philippines. This was one of the most epic fuck-ups a long time. Really this good [Applause] -. This is look at a favorite Oh. Oh my god, Steve. Are we not like this and the cameras back on Miss Philippine? Oh frickin, right? Oh my god, how did they rate winners on? Why is Miss Universe doing they took out the bikini competition? The share of her stand, dude. That is so bad for that other girl I, wonder if we even show her again, if they did she just like they had like a pit door on the stage, they just dropped her ass through the stage. No remember she still is up there awkwardly she's like, doesn't know what to do, and she has to like hand the crown over to the other girl. Oh my god look. She doesn't know what to do either. Oh wow I didn't realize that I had some commentary over that talk about reality. Tv anyway, Steve Harvey needs to uh and I. Think someone was trolling him [Applause]. That was funny I enjoy it. Let's keep them coming and finally guys to play us off in the words of Bill O'reilly play us off. What does that mean? Uh-Huh check this out either you're gonna, like this someone's calling him a smiley face like weird like alien? Well, that's you know what the original we're never was. I think it was that one yeah was felt like an alien call. Some kind of mating call. Well, that's all I have so you know. Look you know, people are they. They are referring to him as a provocateur, a troll. Coming back to the kpop thing, I, don't see myself as a provocateur or a troll I'm, just a man that openly shares his opinion about things. I'm not here to be purposely brewed or hurtful I. Think I should be allowed to say that I, don't like kpop I, don't understand, kpop, that's fine, I'm, saying I, don't understand it and I. Think I should also be allowed to say that they're hot little twinks some people had a problem with that, but I should be I. Think I should be able to say they're hot little twins. The people had a problem with it because it sounded like you were using that as an insult yeah, homophobic came across yeah and that in a negative, when we all know that, it's just that you want to [ __ ] them. Yes, they're just my type, but I could see that that did occur. I was you know you try. Sometimes you try to be funny -. Sometimes when Dave Chappelle says keeping it real can sometimes go wrong mm-hmm, and that happens from time to time on the show. But I do think that I used twink and the most lovingly way in the loving way possible. Like case in point, do you think those guys have hairy [, __ ] mm-hmm? Exactly you just proved my everything. My whole point: okay, Thank You EULA for finally backing me up, but I, don't think I'm a provocateur. You know III refute that you just think like some hard language, jokes, sometimes or look I try my best to not and here's what I do I try my best to not censor myself and that I try to speak as naturally as I can be, and you know in private you probably often say and do things that, if you said publicly would people would find very offensive or wrong to say because they don't know. What's in your heart, when you say it, and so I try my best to be as unfiltered as possible, and so obviously sometimes what comes out and uh, and especially without knowing me or what's in my heart, when you just see it on the internet or something that it's easy to to. You know see a guy in that clip that feels one way mm-hmm, but in the context of everything of who I am and everything I believe in and talk about, obviously, is not that serious, but a provocateur I, don't know not exactly I've, never thought of myself in that way. What do you think I think like a joke like girls, masturbating is maybe what they are referring to, that is just like kind of well she's I was just rattling. I was just you know, spilling open my my brain here yeah, but then that was just you know a little provocative, no I don't know I guess it is a little provocative, but it's not my intent, abra rocket or someone who intentionally provokes mm-hmm and MOT. What I was just a stream of consciousness. You know, which is often what I do here right. Dan I hear you breathing I was just gonna because I looked it up because I'm not wasn't super sure what the definition of provocateur even was. It just means somebody who's serving or tending between to elicit a strong, often negative sentiment in another person. I mean if you tend. If you tend to piss people off, then I guess, but it's, but it says that your intention is to piss people off. It doesn't actually say it has to be intentional. It says serving or tending to elicit. So if you just tend to do it well there in title or not, then technically I think Alex Jones is a provocateur yeah I think you know like this. Guy who's changed my mind on the street as a provocateur or whatever you know. It's not my it's not it's not what I'm known for is pissing people off. No, not my mo what is mo modus operandi, I believe it's not my modus operandi upper hop, Friday upper end I ran day I'm, not really sure it's Latin, it's Latin. So that's all I have to say about that all right, so you wanna listen to some k-pop k-pop. We can't that being said, I think the music sucks I think I've heard it before I. Don't think it's that interesting or fresh or new, to combine pop and hip hop. That's what everybody does I think they're, really great dancers. They got a lot of energy. They got crazy moves. They got a lot of energy bro, those guys on stage I think it's super hard to perform and sing at the same time. At that capacity they do so they're, obviously incredible shape, and that's about that. That's about what I feel about that. Okay, pretty sure they're, just lip-synching by the way, oh well Dan said it on me: that's not unique to kpop, though any sort of pop artists that dancers they lip-sync tell you, though, so they don't even sing talentless. As what Dan just said, these are really tougher than I thought. Well, that's about it. So today is Thursday. You know your birthday is on or taste Tuesday. Your birthday is on Thursday I'm, very excited. We're gonna have a special day out on the town. Beulah doesn't know what's happening, but it's gonna be fun, excited she doing there. Oh I broke it, nothing I, don't know I'm over it. Do you think that I? Do you think that I said anything did I go too far? This episode have I said anything racist. What would you take back? Take back anything I, don't know, any retractions should I issue any retractions and then should I issue any retractions you're, who you are you know who do what should I retract I think that I said there? Was this part where yeah I can't retract anything? You know I'm all right, I wish I could retract my whole life, but that's not an option. I wish I had a BTS family I mean I. Just you know. I wish that I liked kpop, so that I could be beloved by all these little fangirls. You should give it an honest trick: I did I swear to God I. After all, this [ __ ] I sat down. I was like you know what I'm gonna try to listen to it. I'm gonna give it my all and I [ __ ] hate. It I think it's thought it's da ville', but I was very impressed with the dancing because know. None of the hate is towards the performers doesn't like their hearts out all of the performers, they're all extremely talented it Holly yeah five percent doesn't mean you have to like it. It doesn't mean I have to like it doesn't mean you're not allowed to like it to to those fence you're not allowed to like it. I prohibit it as they white superior male, as she said, specimen that I prohibit white and from and from enjoying, kpop and little girls are most certainly not allowed to masturbate to it. Mhm right Dan, no comment, no comment from Dredd, it's true I got it all right, I, don't know what so freezing here. Let's wrap it up. Guys we'll see you on Friday and then we'll see you later - right, we'll see you on Saturday, then we'll see you on Tuesday and then that's true. Thank you guys. You know the drill [Music] you [Music].