Two by the blood of the lamb by the blood of the lamb welcome to the history podcast of the lamb of god- god we are watching these clips of uh welcome to the hp podcast. Oh yeah, we're back in our basement, because the corner is so out of control. You know I feel like another. Lockdown is imminent and anyway I just felt like it wasn't safe for everybody to be in that small confined room with the way things are getting. So I was very sad. I'm not happy that we're all back in our home, because I really like being there with everybody in the office. But here we are, you know, and we got the guys on zoom yeah, say: hi everybody we got. We got whatever. We've got dan, the wizard we finally see dan's bedroom dan who's got a or is this a false background? You've got a lot of stuff on that dresser. I got to tell you uh a little bit a dabble dabble slapping a basement, a slap at the base and um we've got uh zach, who is at uh woodstock? Yes, I uh I'm at woodstock. Right now was that the height of music zack, woodstock, um yeah it also 69, was a weird year. It kind of was a good transition in the 70s 69. That's the year, huh yeah nice. Do you like the position? 69 [Laughter]? Yes, you do yeah. I find it a little overwhelming yeah, it's kind of a gimmick. It's not a real sexual position, I feel like. Well, I mean what do you mean by that? Well because, like it's kind of hard to, I feel like it's kind of hard to give and receive pleasure. It's a lot going on. I feel like because you can't focus entirely on one task that that that's very true that's my problem with the 69 dan. You have um, you have a counterpoint. I see dan shaking his head. I mean you know. If you got the skills, I mean it just sounds like you're lacking in some some practice. I don't know, did you ever? Try that reverse 69? I don't know, isn't that a normal kissing? What's the reverse 69., it's when the the guys on top and then the girl's on bottom and you just [ __ ], just you just destroy her face. What does he mean? What does that mean? Exactly that's exactly what it is. Have you tried that zach uh? No I've tried that that's what dan does that's why he likes it. So much suffocating his poor girlfriend um ian we have yeah. Let's see you doesn't want to comment and that's fair enough. Hi, guys, hello, ian! Your hair is growing. I know I got a mullet going on uh, let's scan there, I need to go out. I need to go in quarantine, but I don't want to go deal with the barber yeah. I hate I'm very barber at first. It's so intimate you have to talk with them. Yeah. I don't like talking to the barber. I sit there and silence I feel like they always want to talk to me and I agree I feel like it's even worse for women, but maybe I'm just wrong, but I feel like they're expected to chitchat. Well, I think it depends. If you have a female, usually yes, because I have a female, usually it's a female cutting my hair too, and they want they want a chit chat. You know I'd! Imagine they must get. I mean that's what they're expected to do is talk to you, but I'd. Imagine five six hours in they would prefer us to just shut the hell up. Then why don't they just shut up and let me sit there silently. I think, because that's what that's kind of goes hand in hand. That's your thing! That's the that's the question. I hate the most how's your day. It's like how do you really want me to answer that? It's like whatever I had to drive here and it's fine yeah park and it's fine how's your day, oh good, anything new, going on yeah any plans for the weekend. Bro! Don't ask me what I do for a living. That's like the oh. I hate that question yeah. I always I've tried so many different directions. Like um, I said that I'm just an editor, even though I'm not you, you don't want to start a conversation, yeah you're trying to find the answer. That's that has the least amount of following inquiries yeah, but there is al always following questions like no matter what you're saying say: I'm a guard, I'm a garbage man they'll, be like! Oh really. What area? Okay, let me try. Let me find what what can I answer that will give the loose inquiry um, I'm a telemarketer, oh wow! How long have you been doing that see? I that's the fight. It's like you know who cares but telemarketer the job sucks? Well, what products do you sell? It's like they're, trying to follow your bluff. Hang on um, I'm a uh, I'm a dentist, so you can ask about that. What the [ __ ] you gonna ask about that! You know wow! It's like! Really! How old are you wow? What's your favorite tooth yeah nobody's gonna, ask about your favorite tooth, so I think that's a pretty good answer. Well, you gotta worry about, for where did you go to dental school? Oh, oh, you think they would ask that yeah definitely it'd be like uh yeah. That's a I see, yeah! You don't want to get into that. It's like whatever you think it kind of gets worse. You don't expect it. Can I tell you about a story in college. I was sitting there working minding my own business. I was writing an essay or something in the college library, and I would- and I just didn't, really want to be bothered. Okay. This is the only time I've ever done this in my life and some guy who there's like there's this guy, who goes to like um he's like this older guy and he was like a teacher's aide or something- and I don't know if he had like- I don't know what it was, but he just wouldn't. He wouldn't see this guy. That would come up to you and just not stop talking. I wasn't friends with him. I was barely even acquainted with the guy, but he'll just come up to you and he won't stop right and I said to him like almost immediately because I saw where it was going. I was like I was like listen. I don't really want to have a conversation right now and um and then well. I immediately felt bad yeah and he you could tell that he immediately was like super crushed yeah, but he was like okay, no problem. I didn't want to bother you and he walks off, but you have to you have to understand that, like I didn't have a lot of time. So the question is: is that something you can tell barbara? Is that something? You know it's um? I don't really feel like having a conversation right now. My worst one was actually the last one that I had with a barber, because since then I only let your mom cut my hair, and it was this lady and she kept asking me what do I do and I was trying to do like the video production angle because you don't want to go into like we have a youtube channel. No, so I was just doing like I do video production and um she kept trying to ask questions, and I tried to give like this. One word answers to kind of like wrap. It up and then there's this new thing, I guess with barbers. They really want to build up their instagram accounts and they a lot of times, will take photos of like before and after and things like that, and so she was starting to go in that direction, and I was on my phone because that's another way to like not socialize you're like on your phone, and so she was like. What's your instagram account, I can tag you and when we're done, I can put up a picture and I can tag. You was the haircut that magnificent that she needed to post. No, I hated it. It was not was an expensive haircut. No just regular. Ever like. I just walked into a place regular price average haircut um. So then it got really awkward because she already knew my name and she was asking me for my instagram account, I'm not on instagram. I was already on my phone though so she saw that I was on instagram, so I had to tell her my instagram account yeah and then she saw the followers and I could see on her face like wait. The will started turning like what do you do like, I feel like she started to think that I'm actually a porn star, because I told her that I do because I told her that I do video production and I didn't want to go into detail so she's like why and I have followers you know, that's like the first time and I ended up feeling so weird did she say anything? No, I feel like she kind of got the idea that I don't want to talk about it because yeah, it's really interesting. It was super weird I don't know. Maybe that's a good answer to get them to stop talking. What do you do? What do I do for a living baby? I do what about like? I do super just give them all the info up front. I do I do gangbang yeah. I do uh on black dog. I do piss porn. Have you heard of your favorite.com yeah yeah, I was gonna say get really like. I do uh sado masochistic uh. How long have you been doing that yeah? Well? Well, we don't last long in this business honey. How many guys, at a time, yeah you think someone would ask that I don't know they would they'll find the questions. Those barbers know. What's your favorite? What's the biggest dick you've taken [Laughter]? What about uh my uh, my mom's, a hair stylist? So I have to ask her what the thing is that my mom makes her back off. I'm gonna ask my mom that that's a really good that just see we can provide useful information to people, but this isn't even about being like a a seedless celebrity. This is about being like, even when I was just doing marketing. I I never wanted to. I just didn't want to have a conversation, see what I hate is conversations that are completely substanceless, that you'll walk out of and forget, and then you have and then like having the same conversation with the next barber every time it's just [, __ ] hate. It drives me crazy. I hate when they do it at the grocery stores. Like oh dude, you know we don't have time. You know I'm here for like two minutes right. Well, they tell the cashiers be friendly. We want chit chat, they're like tchotchkes. Remember that from office space I think trader joe's is the tchotchkes of the grocery world make sure to say to do chit chat. That's your day, going bro, listen! That was not the time for a conversation, hot out, huh! You got plans for tonight. They literally asked that it's like what what is your intention there? Are you trying to find something to do? No, I just had a big fight with my husband, um. Really, don't want to go back home like. Why did you want me to start pouring my heart out yeah, then, all of a sudden they're done like all right, move it along. Okay, everybody in your ass, all right, get the [ __ ] out, didn't care in the first place anyway, thanks to rich for sponsoring this episode. Um, am I the only one that has a are we the only do you guys have problems with small talk, uh yeah? No, I I yes! This is very relatable. Okay yeah! I feel, like you guys, sometimes I'll start small talk with like at the grocery store. You will you start it well, of course, you're the person that we're complaining about yeah, I'm very interested by people in their story. Oh zach, you have 30 seconds with them. What story I don't know, maybe I don't anything to brighten someone's day up, I don't know so. Maybe you're not brightening their day, maybe you're, just maybe they're like [ __ ], so wait. What would you ask someone at a cashier at a grocery store like how's your day? Oh how's, the fruit aisle first fresh ripe, so how's your day going, I don't know traffic on the way into work. Today, like I was, I was at the grocery store the other day and the woman that was you know scanning my stuff. She looked like. She was just in a bad mood and I don't know I tried to so. You went. Let me talk to her really good and it did she. She actually like it made her happy just like this. So tell me about that. Give me an in-depth conversation that you had with her. Just I I don't I'm like so like how's your day going. You know she's, like oh, you know it's pretty rough and then she's like there was this like this lull and I'm like yeah, it's pretty hot outside it got a little little that ruined her day. It seemed like it. It put a smile on it, so she so what happened was she? She opened the door to a real conversation to you and you didn't take it. You said wow, it's hot outside. Well, I you could have probed a little deeper, I'm just trying to be nice. That's all I was doing yeah. You said it's hot outside what did she say? Yep yep wow? Was there anything scorcher was there? Did you say yep with a p he's like and I'm like and I'm like yeah, you know, and then I brought up like how heat kills the virus and she's like. I hope it's killing. Something tell me everything kills. This kills this conversation, maybe a minute man. I am so envious of you zack. I wish I could be more like you. You think that brand or day I I hope it did yeah me too. I do I'm being too critical, but would somebody with somebody saying that to you brighten your day? Maybe that's, maybe that's the secret, I think so yeah. I think it would that's sweet. So there are there's like different people yeah in the world. Right, not everyone is like you. I guess the fact that I'm like you makes us think that everybody is like that. No, I know zach zach is a very sweet kind. Zach is pure heart he's very pure. Thank you. Thank you golden boy, yeah, your heart, pure 69. You know if you're 69, baby, apparently not only people but not on top or reverse you're you're sensitive 96, 96, reverse 96, oh boy. I never forget my friend uh. You know him. You probably heard the story he he referred to. This girl he's like this super sensitive social justice warrior and then he goes yeah. This is in college. He goes uh. He just said nowhere. He goes. Ah, he sees a cute girl and he goes I'd like to put I'd like to do push-ups on her face. I was like what, though, you've heard anything like that in your life I like to do push-ups on her face just like straight up. No, no. I do not support that message. Um well shout out to the barbers out there. I guess the the I guess the best barbers read the room um, you know, because, being a barber being a barber's like being a bartender, you gotta kind of you know, you got um work it you gotta, listen, you're, a therapist you're that you're the uh corner store; therapist everybody got therapist anyway. Today we are sponsored by ridge, as I mentioned, spongebob teddy fresh ex sponge bob, the epic collaboration that sold out last time in about five minutes. It was all gone by popular demand. The restock is back july, 15th exclusively at teddyfresh.com. These will not be on zoomies. This is exclusively teddy fresh. We have and including new limited edition colors. This is your last chance to get this beautiful collection, so bye now bye now or be forever regretful. Okay, guys has anyone else seen dark I've been watching that on netflix and it's like insanely good, dark anybody. I was gonna watch with you and I end up falling asleep every night and anything has been staying up all night every day of the week of the last week. I'm sorry I didn't realize I didn't realize we were going to be attacking ethan today, I'm not really attacking you actually a compliment to the show. I can actually. I just can't um, I'm just a night person. I just I have a really hard time going to bed before too, like even when I've I've been waking up early, I'm just really sleep deprived because this week I've been waking up early, but I still can't go to bed before too and it's really a problem for me more than two yeah, I'm gonna sleep later than two. Yes, I probably went to bed at like around three last night, maybe even later 3 30, probably um. How do you feel about the nobody's? Seen dark? I have not. You told me about it. I want to check it out, but it's really good in the dark on that one hang on where's my sound bites garbage garbage garbage, uh ela. Sorry, I cut you off. What were you saying? How do you did you get used to watching it with subtitles yeah totally? For some reason it doesn't like it autoplays and dub when you first put the show on and it's like- oh my god, I thought it was the worst show ever and then we realized wait. It's dumb yeah. Why? Why would anyone even watch a dub show? Can we talk about that? I don't know I'm I'm sub gang for life. It's their subtitle option. I'm definitely doing that, especially on like not an anime like anime makes sense, that's different, but like real people, dub anime, dub, [, __, ] rules. Let's get that straight, um debatable, but it's okay! Some are really good. Some are some are really good. I agree with you like, for example, full metal alchemist right, don't hate yeah, hater yeah that one actually is pretty good, but um, but film dub is crazy. [ __, ] anyway yeah the dub was really hard to watch either. You want to look at some bad tattoos. Yes great, so we've been saving these up. You know that we always do this segment, don't look yet yellow. I had bad tattoos here. I'm gonna cover this. Don't you see it and uh? This all started, of course, with ben affleck's backpack too, that ila said was the worst tattoo she's ever seen. So since then, we've been on a mission to find a tattoo worse than ben affleck's back yeah today, with jacked jack from the nightmare or or was it called chris yeah jacked jack. Now what the [ __ ] is wrong with you guys. Why would you tattoo that it's so it's not even funny? It's weird. The details are impressive, though. Like there's a lot of small details in there they're pretty impressive yeah like jack jack has tattoos it's tattoo ception and he's got pubic hairs. Bro! Oh no he's got pubes going down to his uh penis he's jacked jack, don't hate! Now. Is this a female or male's leg? I would say a female. You think she jerks off to that yeah. She goes like this. She looks back at her leg, interesting, oh! So, how do you rate this worse than well? We've already went over that you know, there's different factors, so it's kind of hard, but I think this game should just be less worse than worse than ben affleck really, but but these are regular people and ben affleck is ben affleck, so so on a scale of, although actually we found out that we thought it was lying about it being a realtor too, and then we found out. That was a fake story, so he's gained credit since then. Okay, how do we measure story has changed? We need like we need a standardized way of harming. The meter has changed, because when we thought that he lied about his tattoo, that put it like up here. Yeah now we found out, he was just trolling paparazzi, which is pretty great, so he's he's got a lot of street credit back okay. So how do we measure these? So I think this is worse than ben yeah, but we need something, that's bad. We need something that like holds that high bar. We had what were the worst ones that we picked. There was like the dude with the belly button that was like the giant cows [ __, ] yeah. It's like flying yeah that one was rough. I mean, I don't know why you would do that to your body. Okay, is this worse than cow hole? We called it well, and I should say this won't be helpful because it's kind of the finale of this segment- and I I don't want to give any spoilers, but there there is potentially a new king in this batch. That's going to uh surpass just give it a scale, one being the like worst thing. You've ever seen like if this was on somebody, you would disassociate from knowing that okay and 10 being like that's a really good idea. Okay, so what would you rate this? So one is like I gotta unfriend you yeah, okay um. If I knew this girl personally and like I mean like a a three, is like that's a [ __ ] horrible tattoo, a one is like you have a swastika on your forehead yeah, okay, and this is a three okay great. So this is cool. This is kobe bryant. You know I just feel bad because obviously it was made in earnest, yeah and but obviously just not by a good artist. So I don't it looks like he's hanging. Look like what's going on under the rim. It looks like I mean, but I forget that I can look here now um this uh. The intention is good yeah. The execution is bad. So it's more about like I would fire the two artists but um. It's not that bad. Okay, this one says um, I that's his name. It's blanked out, I'm getting a tattoo voluntarily on january 3rd 2019, so I can earn my wife's trust back for the pain and suffering I've caused in our marriage. I am a liar cheater, manipulator, deceiver or prostitute lover, dishonest and disrespectful. If I was the wife, I would break up with this guy, but I have a feeling the wife wrote this made him. Do that you're right? Oh! No! I don't think so. I one trillion percent think the wife made him. Do that and disagree with you wait. What do you mean ella? Oh, you think that he just did this on his own. To try and get her back kind of thing, yeah! Well that I don't know which one's worse! That's worse! Oh my god! I was assuming what ethan said that that she told him he's got to do this because it's written like it's written like an ultimatum right, no way jose, but he he also says so. I can earn my. I don't know it's a tough call. What do you two think uh zach and ian dead, mother, loving heir? I think he he did it to try and win his wife back well, yeah yeah! I think it was a hail mary, desperate play at the end of the game. Yeah holy [, __, ] yeah. What kind of wife would make you do that you already lost a crazy one like no he's crazy, read all the stuff he's done. He lied. He cheated. He manipulated yeah, he's the crazy one. Did he misspell deceive I before e, except after c, I think he misspelled deceiver, oh you're, right. He spelled the scenery, see the wife would not misspell dude you misspelled deceiver, you [ __ ]. So is it like same level as a swastika? No, so it's a nine! No! You know, but I would rate this: it's nine, nine, nine or two sorry, two yeah two is bad. A two I was rated too. This guy is clearly unstable. I mean god damn this guy is liable to do anything. Oh so this one reads: the sweetest girl I ever kissed was another man's wife, my mother, the sweetest girl. I ever kissed was another man's wife, my mother. So like I understand what he's going for, but that's just going to be a no for me dog. Well, it's weird! He! You can't refer to your mother as a girl, yeah, it's [, __ ], that's weird bro! There's some weird vibes off this one forever yeah moving on. I mean that that one's not that's like a four yeah, so this one, this one's actually really funny, because this one with tattooed white lives matter. But the the comment from john b's: she got. The mcdonald's fun is so [ __, ], so fun white lives matter. Oh yeah, yeah! I mean that's like a one for me: yeah, that's a one that said this zone. That's definitely a one. Don't engage like oh sh, that's like if she's on this side of the crosswalk, I'm I'm crossing the street to the other side. Right, that's a one! That's definitely a one! Now this you have the scorpion king drake. It was a really good execution, but terrible yeah, terrible thing to have on your thigh yeah. But again I would. I would give that like a. I would even give that a five more. You know shoe okay, this guy tattooed a shoe on his foot and I don't understand. Why are you trying to disgust me he's just trying to cruise around without a shoe? I don't get the purpose, this dude tattooed a shoe. He loves jordan. So much is that what he just loves his jordans, that's the worst tattoo ever wow, although somehow it's not a one, because it's not hateful yeah, but it's a two yeah, it's a god that must have hurt. Is this? What you assumed would be the worst one dan um yeah. I I think so wait for me. That's the worst! No, but here there's like a stain, I guess yeah, it's like shading, because you know sometimes you get like your sneakers get dirty. I think it's meant to be shade. What how was that shade. This whole there's like a whole dark blotch here like it's leather, so I think they were trying to go super realistic, like a concealer yeah, but that looks way better than this. That just looks like, like he spilled milkshake on his shoes. You like his. I think this guy's got stains on his shoes. Do you like his toenails? I was literally noticing the toenail. Actually yeah should have tattooed over those and then finally or not? Finally, you like heaven, don't you mommy march 10th, oh my god, 1973 to march 14, 2019 rest in peace. Incidentally, you can also tell he has a cross on his back. So he's a religious man. You like heaven, don't you mommy? What? Why would you do that? That's a one! That's a one! I'd be like dude, you like heaven, don't you mommy it's so it almost sounds like he killed her yeah. It sounds like he's. Happy she's dead, that's a one for me, yeah, that's the word that might be the worst thing ever uh. What about this? What is are we sure this is real, almost looks photoshop, but what is without oh jesus, it's one of these weird format, ones. What is life? That's, not how I hate hello. Letters are formatted it. What should read what is without goal life or I don't know what is without life goal, what is life without goal? But why is it not plural? What is life? It is superman, superman, yeah, geez man. Somehow I have five different fonts in a uh. What yeah, I think it's a two word sentence because but be honest: how much would you judge somebody with this debt? You feel like dude, you are the [ __ ], worst [Laughter], oh yeah yay. I guess he's doing a film uh role and the character had a tattoo and he's like cool I'll, just get the tattoo instead of uh doing a fake one, and it's pretty weird. It's like an insane clown posse with the mom and it says creeper and he has kind of a cow hole going on too it's pretty disgusting. So I don't get that because he's trying to pull off like a method staying here and get credits for like going the extra mile, but I don't it's not necessary. No, I mean- and that's so much there's like never another great makeup artist, of course, especially on a movie set of course, but I'm assuming he just really liked the tattoo. I don't think he would have got it otherwise, creeper! That's true! He's gotta like it, but I mean he's a bizarre dude. So I have a feeling he just thinks: cool, yeah, creeper bro that part better, be [, __, ], good, that better be a good ass movie bro, it's from a movie called the tax collector uh, which is a david ayer movie. I'm seeing uh, who you know, has made some good movies. He did make a suicide squad, though so take from hunt take from that what you will so there you go so that one, how do you rate it? I mean that that one's the that one's with the context and everything it's it's not that big of a deal it's like a probably a four or five. Now, if you had to take that tattoo or ben affleck's, the two to get tatted on you, I would get, I would definitely take ben you would yes easily no fun yeah, no content agreed like easy. You I mean that one is so much worse than bands that one is so much worse than that yeah and hold on. Did I just. Did you just say that this is like a four, because I feel like this is the new king. This is what I was referring to. No it's not that bad. What you just said you would take benz over this. That's why yeah, but I'm just saying in the context of everything and who he is, that's not a tattoo. I would want on me, but look at those mickey hands it's got mickey mouse is that I always thought that ben's wasn't that bad! Now, that's not a tattoo! I would ever want to get, but I don't know that I can say that I would prefer bands if I had to pick one dude. You want a tattoo creeper across your stomach instead of having a phoenix that is like really professionally colored and stuff, it's a no-brainer. I don't get it like a [ __, ], mom cradling a insane clown posse. This is creeper. I mean that's just weird either it's weird, but the phoenix one is so cringe. Dude. Okay, if I saw the phoenix one I'd be like wow, that's here's what I would think about the person. If I saw the phoenix tattoo I'd be like that person is a little or but but you know whatever it's not they're a little nut and I mean a little in the literal sense. I guess yeah, maybe okay, but then, if I saw shia labeouf tattoo, I would be like I'm scared of that person. No, that person is is is probably killed. Somebody no way that's what I would think. I don't think that dude, it's so [ __ ]. Weird, like bizarre, it's beyond bizarre to me. That's like a psychotic thing to have on your body now the context of it makes it much better. Like I said, and I know he got it for a movie and this and that and he's kind of a weird guy and he's already got tattoos all over him. But if I just saw him on the beach I'd be like this, guy is [ __, ], okay, demented this guy is totally damaged so yeah. I would definitely take ben's no question and he's also got. Let's not forget, he's got a cow hole, that's awful! What's with the mickey hands over his [ __ ] [ __ ] stump belly button and do not know exactly and you would you would put that on you uh. I don't know, I mean he's running without his shirt off he's proud of it. He likes it yeah, okay, let's move on I'm kind of with ila a little bit. You are. Thank you I feel like I'm going. I I don't know I'm I just the phoenix is like that. Guy that I would not bro and shy is not. It is, but I feel like I would prefer to be that, guy than that, I think if you're shy at least you look a little intimidating, I guess the ben tattoo looks like you get you get drunk at cabo, wabo and like it's like it. Never never. Um got past 18 year olds and your ideas, like someone's step, dad that they just [ __ ] hate yeah. This gives me like. I would never walk with that on the street. It's so big. Why didn't he get it so it like goes all the way down into it's the worst. It's still worth it too. That's why we got here if he wasn't wearing pants, the phoenix like feathers would go into his [ __ ], because look how long they are. Maybe it does. We don't even know yeah, maybe it does. That being said, I feel, like you needed a refresher to see it again, it's worse than I remember, but it's the worst. That being said, I don't know. I don't know I mean yeah, it is [, __, ], crazy. It's so big, I'm sorry, but this is like undateable and like shia, is like at least I feel like. Maybe there's, like some substance to the guy, seems kind of interesting compared to there's no substance to this tattoo at all, yeah. The other one has like story like. What's this about: what's the creeper mean, why is there mickey hands over your [ __ ] a little more self-aware, you know. So what if his story is like the mickey hands is because I like to [ __ ] kid? Well, I don't think it is. Oh well you don't know. He also has what, if uh ben affleck likes to [ __ ] phoenix phoenix, isn't a real creature? Well! Well, what does it mean that he's got mickey mouse hands over his crotch and it says creeper so tell me what does that mean? I feel like it's probably like ironic to him that it looks so bad. That's a big assumption. Let's move on! Oh here, he is before he got it ad break much better ad break ad break ad break everybody. I've got an exciting announcement to make announcing our partnership with rich wallets the futuristic wallet that is here to step up the game and make sure that your wallet game is going to the next level. It comes with this beautiful, tiny, little screwdriver, which by itself is worth the purchase. I mean look at this and then you can customize how tight you want it, but it's a little tiny slick wallet. It's built like a freaking rock your cards go in about a bing. You can fit up to eight cards boom. You just did you just flash all your cards? No, no! Okay! Then you've got a money clip here. You put the dollars here, but it being holds like a holds like a like. A stupid holds like particles that are attracted to each other, such a stupid, [, __ ] analogy. Do you have a better analogy holds like uh like we don't want to mention other products it it holds like a [. __ ], probably don't want a curse either already holds like a [ __ ] uh, you put the cash you put the cards in there now. This is. What's so great, it's slick, it's light. It safely secures all your items. First of all, nobody needs to be carrying around chain. Oh, like we're over change in america, we have abandoned chain. So all that's left is this like little tube put in a pocket boom boom boom and you don't have a huge cancerous growth in your pocket where your wallet used to be. I mean I can't stand these huge wallets. It's it's unbelievable yeah! I gotta agree with you, so I don't know how guys do it because women have purses. Usually I had to put my wallet in my pocket. It would be a nightmare. It is a nightmare ridge. Is the future zach tell me about you, you zach, you have a ridge go ahead. I got it right here. Oh right there, I I! I love this wallet. It is fantastic. It is not a it's, not a clunker in the pocket. It doesn't weigh you down, yeah conquer. All I can say it's compact, stylish, it's fantastic stylish. Do you feel cool when you pull it out at like the store? Oh hell, yeah, so many compliments on it. People look whoa what the [ __ ]. Is this? Basically exactly exactly you get compliments on it, yeah all the time. Nobody ever compliments mine! You got to get that uh! Oh yours, is you got that high notice factor yeah like I used the black one, which is like low profile, [, __ ], but um. This wallet is a game changer if you're, especially if you're someone who's bothered by like huge clunky wallets game. Changer. Okay, get 10 off today with free, worldwide shipping and returns by going to ridge.com, h3 and use code h3, one more time, rage.cob, slash, h3 and use code. H3 ela doesn't like when I burp, but I don't give a [ __ ], so unprofessional, bye ridge, please they're our only sponsor. Thank you ela. I would like for your consideration to submit what I consider to be the best headline of 2020.. Okay, here's the headline amy schumer's, husband, chris fisher, is uncircumcised, says pal jake gyllenhaal uh evaluate that headline. Please either. If you would, that is the best headline of 2020. um uh. Let me can I can I read you yeah. It says amy schumer's husband, chris fisher is uncircumcised and we have the couple's pal jake gyllenhaal to thank for letting us know. Why is that that's an article? That is why page six is that a gossip? That's just a gossip. That's right! Crazy! Yeah! There you go it's a tabloid yeah, it's a tablet, but there you have it in case you were wondering who the [ __ ] would click that, like okay, tell me more about amy schumer's, husband's uncircumcised penis because of jake gyllenhaal said who the [ __ ] would click that yeah? Well, I just read the headline: well: well, not normally you just read an excerpt, I mean not normally. I wouldn't normally do that in a vacuum. They got you dude ian you're, the one that showed me this article. How did you find it uh, someone posted it on twitter and it popped up. They were like look how stupid this is yeah. So well, I guess it's gonna, be: maybe it didn't work exactly they want you to be like. Oh, this is so stupid. I gotta know more. You know I feel like. I feel I feel like you're, giving them too much credit, and you know sometimes it's just. I think somebody thought this was interesting. What I find more interesting is that there's a the reason that this was revealed is because of a upcoming three-part documentary about amy schumer and her struggle with hype. Hyperveilmesses, I'm sorry yeah, I read about that's when you get extreme nausea when you're pregnant, which sounds miserable a three-part documentary. I don't want to watch one part just just her nauseous and puking all the time. Yeah sounds pretty bad. You guys are hating right now for no reason, that's true a little bit. Okay, you guys will never have to be pregnant and we'll never have to be sick, so you're gonna say so. You're gonna watch all three bars. No, I expect you to watch all three parts and report because yeah I might, though, if I'm really desperate, which I am there's nothing to watch right now, dude ellis says: there's nothing to watch, but there's so much what you haven't watched, [, __, ], haven't watched watchmen. You haven't watched uh [Laughter]. What's that show called that we liked on hbo uh westworld, you haven't watched well westworld, I tried, but the it got pretty annoying. You watched one episode yeah, it wasn't the best I chose to skip. I got pretty annoying the new season, yeah yeah, they kind of jumped the shark. I didn't like the second one either the first one was pretty good, but I was still down with the second one but like it was getting questionable yeah they jumped the shark yeah. They didn't stick mine out, but okay uh we're talking about amy schumer's husband's uncircumcised penis. Can we please stick to the topic at hand, so yeah he's uncircumcised fantastic. Apparently he knows that because they've been friends since they were kids, so I don't know and they were doing like they were sword fighting as children or something and yeah there's kind of a so. The real stories that he was jake gyllenhaal was giving a speech at their wedding, and he said in his speech that he's on just so you guys know everyone knows he's uncircumcised he's the only uncircumcised one in the room or something like that. Oh, is everybody jewish yeah? Okay, I don't know, oh that's that. How can he make that assumption? They're, all friends, not everyone in the room, maybe the four of them or like between the friends. For this conversation, you know, dr disrespect has captured the the speculation of the whole planet. What has happened to dr d? More clues have come out since we last reported on it, and I mean I can't stop thinking about this um, and so I'm assuming that everybody is really curious. What's what's happened here we have a few little morsels of updates. I want to present to you guys, and we can also continue to speculate, but there's been no major news. The only news that's come out is from a friend of his nick mercs, okay, so the first one comes as somebody donated under the name doctor disrespect. Let's watch the clip, they gave him 50 bucks. I got a 50 he's donated to me before this is exactly how he does it. He goes. It's not the audio check the records and pods barely laying on a lounge chair right now I hear everything you have three ponytails. Still dripping the two-top, never slipping, twitchy's escape, go question. Mark I ain't even tripping. I think there's one! Oh no bro! I don't know I don't know so we don't know if it's real or not, although it's a good fake, if it's a fake, but I didn't really follow what he meant by uh. This is exactly how he does it. I think what he meant is that he donated before, and that sounds like him or it looks like him. He means doc's donated to him before and he does it the same way. Okay, maybe the the way it appears or the way it was phrasing. His message, I'm not sure a little uh limerick and I think he always donates 50 as well. I think I am, I think it might be. That's all publicly known, though that would be pretty easy to fake, like if people know that, that's how he donates- but I don't know but well, but he could easily look at the email too right. They know each other. So that's where that's what comes in the next club, but couldn't he just check the email address? The donation came through or is there like? I don't know if they come, maybe through one third party I mean all that stuff and the fact that he knows it makes me think it is him. I think it's him too, but here watch this. This is the same. Guy later tell us what happened at doc, or we will cancel you I'll. Tell you in two months I'll tell you in two months dang. You really think it's gonna. Take that long. That's what I know two months bro on a stack though I've been I've been twisted. So, according to this guy, he says I know in two months that that changes my whole analysis frankly to to what can only be the only option that really remains is some kind of contract dispute and nda arbitration, some kind of legal which again it all sounds like it's. Not that serious not like what people are thinking is it kind of serious yeah. I mean that really. That goes against, for instance, that uh that slasher guys uh, you know, claim that. Oh, I know what it is, but uh, I'm not touching this because you know he made it sound like it's so radioactive um, which I mean he could just be lying. I guess, but everybody seemed to think that that guy was credible. So it's very weird I don't know so can both be true like if he had a metoo allegation and then there they still. I wonder they still need to figure out this contract. I mean most contracts like that, have a clause for bad behavior where they can just can't sure, but I don't know if, because like if I was dr disrespect and there's allegations, I would want to like that right. I'd be like. Well, that's not true! You can't just drop me. You owe me if you're going to cancel my contract. You owe me the full payout, and so that makes sense to me that there, even if there was a metoo allegation, clearly something happened to cause this there's clearly a big dispute going on right now between twitch and dr disrespect. That's the only explanation for the silence, there's some kind of legal negotiating going on right now. So the question is really the same as what has caused this. It could be a me too thing. It could be that it was looking to join another platform. I mean it could be any. It could be anything. It doesn't really change the speculation for me if they could figure that out. I guess I just get the feeling from the way this guy is reacting. That whatever doc did is not that bad, because this guy doesn't seem disturbed. No, he doesn't you're right as a friend yeah he's. That's true, that's true! Yeah god, I just it's so weird. It's so weird! It's so weird! Why won't they say what it is? What's the big deal, but then, so, let's assume that that message was real. He says twitch needs a scapegoat. If that's really doc. What does that mean? They made an example of him and banned him. How are they going to make an example and not even say what he's banned for yeah, for example yeah, because rumor rumor has it they were in a really big exclusive agreement, like millions of dollars yeah. I think the production value of that ad that they did with them, really points to that, like they really pulled out all the stops with that, and they wouldn't have done that unless to them. You know it was a big investment. That ad was awesome like. I would watch that on the super bowl and be like super happy with that right, yeah. It was like of that quality. Well, so this resolves nothing and we learn nothing in short, but actually it does suggest to a less serious crime. To me, that's the feeling I get but yeah I don't know right it does. It does speak to a less serious crime because it makes it seem like it's right now. It's just illegality and in two months you'll be able to hear what happened. I would be surprised if they could resolve it in two in two months, because this [ __ ], I know it takes forever. So could the original contract have just had a uh like a three-month nda period after termination of the contract, or something like that? Yeah could be for sure it could be okay ian. That was your time to shine. We're talking about kanye, exciting, so ian um, I know you're a resident, kanye superfan. So let me ask you in before we get into the whole kind of meat and potatoes of this. How have your feelings on kanye changed over the last couple of years, because when you started you were like straight up. Super fan ian and has your your status in the community is kind of wavered too? Hasn't it because you've been kind of critical of him uh I mean I, I guess um, but my opinions have changed a bit because it's becoming more, I was a fan of the music, the clothes, the you know, the performances and that's kind of taking a big back seat. So you know I don't just because it's him um like what's going on now. You know I I'm. I was originally here for the music and uh there's not as much of that. I don't know right now so, but every kanye fan has to be a publicist every time he does uh dramatic stuff. It's great. Do you feel like you're a publicist right now? I get texts from what's going on? What's up with your guy, my parents text me what's happening, I'm like I don't know he has some good albums. I don't know about this. Do you still spend time on the forums the kanye forms? I mean for a lot of other stuff I'd. You know it's not just kanye. I go online for music stuff, I'm definitely big in talking to people about music in general, but so okay, so your opinions have changed a little bit on kanye he's he's announced he's running for president now. I know that, like the the community is kind of torn people didn't really know how to react to this announcement. He tweeted out on july 4th uh of all days, the uh the independence day. We must now realize the promise of america by trusting god unifying our vision and building our future. I am running for president of the united states, 2020 vision. Now this now this one obviously got a lot of media attention and people are very torn uh on how to feel about this. Now I'm wondering how did the kanye community feel about this uh? I guess they are very torn as well, but at the same time uh. This is probably the fifth fifth or sixth time where he has indicated his intent to run for president um, which kanye fans know all those. So this isn't as shocking and we a lot of people still think that this won't happen. I'm including myself. I don't expect him to meet the deadline. Um yeah, I mean he said in that interview that he's doing it to win like everything else. He does right or something like that yeah and he just put out a new song a week ago, um, you know his it's just his level of promotion, his media attention and then the album comes out yeah. This is the cycle you've seen before. Yes, now I so there was that feels to me really shitty, because I don't know the selection is so serious. I feel like for me and probably for everyone and to play around with that for the end goal of selling more albums. It's kind of. Do you see it that way ian as a as a kanye spokesperson? I don't know if he sees it as in those terms like oh I'm going to tweet this and then my sales are going to go up. I even think he made a comment. Like I put my music out on streaming. I don't make anything of it because they asked him in that forbes interview, but I do think on some level he's aware that this is brand building. Yeah um and it may may not be as direct as this equals album sales right, but it's like art build it up, build it up, smart business man. He knows what he's doing yeah exactly so and he does it every time. I I think he just does a thing and then he uses that thing to kind of fuel energy for creative outlets. Afterwards, someone made a really good comment. Oh, I think it was charlemagne. Actually, I agree with charlemagne in this case um he said like kanye has announced he wants to run for president a bunch of times, as you pointed out, why is it now that the media is making turning this into into like a serious thing like he said this so many times before, and nobody took him seriously, but now all of a sudden in 2020 in this huge election? That's so important. Why is the media reporting it like it's a serious thing. Do you think that's a good uh insight or not yeah? I I think, um. I think that the way that they're framing this whole thing is like. Oh I'm, just kind of a manic episode is a little disingenuous and I think a bit of a bad faith attack on him because he has been saying this stuff for for a while um. I don't think it's like. Oh he's just he doesn't know what he's saying he's talking and he's not aware because he's having a bipolar episode. I think that's a little bit of a cop-out, really, you think he's he really intends to run for president. I think he I think he does. Yes, I don't think he will, but I think he wants to um, but he wants to do like 200 different things at once. That's how he is he tweeted out last week. I remember that tweet he put out of all the the the partnership with the gap yeah and then a dr dre album and then a cartoon series with takashi, murakami, yeah and then a single and, like maybe 75 of it, actually came out. He does that all the time and then we will never hear about it again and I don't think it's because he doesn't want to do those things. I think he just spreads himself so thin and then just picks and chooses and then things get lost. I think this will be one of those things the presidency yeah well. The truth is, though, as dance pointed out, is that he's so late he's not on the ballot on the biggest states already and even if he well, he still hasn't filed any kind of paperwork to show that he has any kind of serious intent to run on other states. He hasn't missed the deadline on so it seems like it's definitely not going to happen, and I find it strange that so many people are taking this seriously. I see like especially on reddit like very serious conversations about how kanye is going to siphon votes off joe biden and he's helping out trump, but to me it doesn't seem like so like I'm just surprised that so many people are taking this seriously when he has not made even the slightest effort to actually get on the ballot. Well, he makes it sound like you did. I don't know what I I haven't followed him before or any of this stuff. So I don't know what it sounded like before when he talked about presidency, but just in that interview he makes it sound like he is serious about it. I don't know prior to this as well his um his he kept saying 2024. um. That was his thing and then it seems like he pulled back on that for some reason, but I I I don't think he's going to run right now, but I do think maybe this is him testing the waters getting the information for how he would have to do it properly. Next time, then I could legitimately see him doing it in four years from now, but I think yelat maybe answer your question is that there are public filing that you have to make in order to get on the ballot right right. Well, she has not done so he's yeah he's originally on the ballot, so so that's kind of the problem. That's why that's why? I don't really see it as a serious thing, but ian. If you ran in four years, would you consider voting for him? No, no, what so! So. Why is that? Why, wouldn't you vote for your idol? It doesn't align with my ideals as a voter. Oh there you go. The vote for him would be uh uh disingenuous to myself. I think. Well, um! Let me read you some of his platform and then you can tell me which parts you you maybe agree with or don't agree with um his family says he's in the midst of a bipolar episode. Um, which we you touched on here, are some of his platform beliefs, ian okay, on vaccines. He says it's so many of our children that are being vaccinated and paralyzed. So when they say the way they're going to fix covet is with a vaccine, I'm extremely cautious, that's the mark of the beast. They want to put chips inside of us. They want to do all kinds of things to make it where we can't cross the gates of heaven. I'm sorry when I say they, the humans that have the devil inside them, and the sad thing is that the saddest thing is that we all won't make it to heaven that there'll be some of us that do not make it next question thoughts on his thoughts on vaccine [Laughter]. I just love the next question. Yeah moving on I've definitely thoroughly answered that did he started with um vaccines, paralyze our kids to if you get vaccines, you can't go to heaven right, yeah, they're, putting chips on you yeah. I mean yeah yeah, not quite on board with that. As you mentioned earlier, the um, the uh reluctance towards vaccine vaccines. It's is becoming so widespread, very interesting yeah. We saw we. We were looking at a a poll that said like. If a vaccine became available against coronavirus, only 50 of people said they would get it and you need 90 at least for it to be effective on abortion. He says I am pro-life, because I am following the word of the bible. Has he always been religious? He, and or is this a new meme yeah, but he I think he started self-describing as born again, probably at the beginning of last year, like january of last year, maybe a little earlier. So that's the other thing when people say oh he's, just these comments are coming because he's in some episode. No, this is a couple of these. Things are linked to his new faith and uh, not coming out of an episode he's been talking in these ways for a while now well being pro-life is obviously no surprise. A lot of people are pro-life on joe biden, a lot of people just like political parties. They feel all blacks have to be democrats that man, joe biden, said if you don't for me, don't vote for me, then you are not black. That's true. He did say that uh well act like we didn't. We all act like we didn't hear that we act like we didn't hear that man say that that man said that it's a wrap, we're gonna, walk all the people. Jay-Z said it best for the other candidate. I just gracefully suggest y'all bow out trump biden bow out. It's god's country we're doing everything in service of god, nobody, but god no more. I'm in service of our lord and savior jesus christ, and I put everything I got on the line to serve god thoughts. That's his that's what he thinks about joe biden, yeah, there's not much to say about it. So I think I think people are taking it seriously. It's not really serious. Do you think he's having a manic episode right now, or I mean I, I don't know it's it's it's so hard to play that game. Yeah I mean. How could you possibly know I just see articles saying like people like his family, don't know like how are people supposed to react to this stuff like I also supposed to take this thing seriously, or am I supposed to be worried for him, like? I just don't understand, there's a bit of mixed like, for example, this all this coming from the article from forbes, which I feel like their presentation is a little. I I don't know um a little I'm skeptical of how they're presenting this because they said this is all taken from a four hour recorded conversation and they took out these bits which totaled to about you, know 45 seconds right talking what happened the other three hours and 59 minutes. Why just these they haven't given us the full cut. They released these like little audio pieces about yesterday, the day before um, where he freestyled a little bit during the call but they're kind of hiding it in the way, and then it's like presenting it like they want you to think. Oh, this dude's losing his mind, but then also reporting on it. As if he's a serious candidate, I don't know these mixtapes. I had that same feeling ian because they said we sat down with him for four hours, but the article does not say that much. It's like. Where is all of this content and substance in a four-hour interview? Would you just sit there quietly for three and a half hours? I don't get it. I mean the interviewer probably did while he rambled for four hours, but surely there's more to say than that. Um yeah, I don't know, definitely mixed mixed messages there. Some and you also made a really good point- that they don't the the interviewer never asks him about his mental health. Yet he continues to apply that he's mentally unwell, but he never outright asks. Are you? Are you having a manic episode right now? Yeah? I? I I'm all I'm very confused by all of this. I really don't know what to make it make of it. I really just kind of I hope, he's doing. Okay. I hope he uh doesn't run for president and uh that's kind of it. That's kind of it really ian. Do you have a statement you want to make about um rapper, jordan, groggs, oh yeah. I put that in there as a little thing, I wanted to say at the end. Go ahead. Oh yeah! I just uh. Last week this this rapper passed away named jordan groggs. He was 32. um he's in this group called uh injury reserve, not super big, and I didn't really see that many people talking about it and I really I'm a big fan of this guy so um. I just kind of wanted to say, uh, rest in peace to jordan and uh he's super talented um. He has an album called floss that I've listened to a bunch of times. I'd suggest people want to check out if they want to, and he has a wife and four kids and there's a gofundme if you guys are interested. So just want to say that uh rest in peace, jordan, grogs. How did uh? How did he pass uh? They haven't revealed that I'm not sure um, it's some medical thing, they're keeping private- I don't know, but uh yeah, it kind of came out of nowhere. Last week, wow that's rough with the kids yeah yeah pretty heavy, but they were. They were really kind of building up a fan base too they're really good. It's a trio, uh rap trio. So um! Oh, that's a shame! I'm glad, I'm glad you are uh holding vigil for hemiann yeah. Just one want to say that so and um anyways um, okay! This is our final part of the podcast and, as you know, I like to talk about my my friend my helper, my best friend theme star. Oh yes, game stars, part of the show. Now here's what I like to do with keemstar. Some people are tired of me talking about them. Some people can't get enough dan dan. Yes, dan doesn't like me talking you're, not you're, certainly not alone. In that I mean I've talked about them, a lot, I'm I'm being I mean whatever. We should talk about this, that you're about to bring up because it it yeah once again, here's my philosophy is that, obviously you could really nitpick kim's starting a daily basis with the amount of dumb [, __ ] or hurtful toxic [ __ ]. He does, but but then there's stuff that he does. That, like I feel like he should really be held accountable for, and the thing with keemstar is that nobody wants to talk about him because it's just not worth getting into it with keemstar. Here's. The enviable position that we find ourselves in is that keemstar has blocked us all on twitter of desperation. He has nothing left to say he has nothing left to unearth. He is done everything and so, like frankly, I totally understand other youtubers not wanting to bring up keemstar, because dude he'll, just he'll literally go on a show and lie about you and [. __ ] ruin you so so that's a force to be reckoned with right. So here I want to talk about what he did recently. We touched briefly on this in our last episode. A twitch streamer named reckful um, tragically passed on and whenever something like this happens, can we just make a real, quick reference um because we talked about it last week and none of us had realized a fan pointed out in the comments that we actually had like a weird little brush with him several years ago, where he was doing an irl stream while he was visiting uh, barcelona, spain and ran into your parents. So I remember that the real podcast will remember that yeah we watched it on the show. That's him yeah. I had no idea, it was him. I totally remember it happening, and I remember even commenting like oh that he was so nice and sweet like he was so respectful and nice to my parents, yeah mm-hmm, um yeah. I learned that after we did, it was a really cool moment. I forgot that that was him so yeah, so he he tragically took his own life and whenever this happens in the community, it's cause for a lot of reflection and thought people were on twitter, saying you know, let's we need to all be nicer to each other. We need to all be more considerate of mental illness. We need to be more like we have to be careful about. The toxicity amount, the amount of toxicity in these communities because it really hurts people right well, um, keemstar, immediately [Music] immediately starts attacking alinity, who said that she was suicidal on her stream and he was like here's. Here's the clip, she's reacting to reckful's, passing uh. Now a lenny. If you don't know yeah, we should just do a little bit of ah a linearity's gotten tall. She gets a. She has a bad rap. Okay, a long time ago. She like dmcad one of felix videos, and so she got a ton of [ __ ] from felix and his fans, and then she also like was drunk on stream one night and let her cat have a lick of vodka and the cat freaked out and then another time she like. I, I don't even want to really criticize her for this one, but people gave her [ __ ] for throwing her cat and to me I watched that video. It didn't really seem like a big deal. She had the cat that one was mild, that one wasn't yeah I mean cats are super nimble and anyway it wasn't really like. She wasn't really a mean throw it was more like you know one of these and cats. She obviously loves her animals. So that's not really a question um, but she gets a bad reputation and a lot of people dislike her on twitch. But but to me what um? I noticed when the whole doc thing was happening and doc was trending number one together with him. Alinity was trending, and it's like that immediately. Just looked wrong to me, like the level of the volume of people that were talking about her when she actually had nothing to do with it. Well, that just gives you a glimpse to what she gets. The angle was that oh uh doc gets banned before alinity right, but they don't know anybody happened to doc right. So it's kind of weird. No one even knows what happened to him and whatever happened with her that blamed twitch. Then, if you have a problem with their decision, so why isn't twitch trending? Why are you not talking about them? You're talking about a person yeah totally, I mean keemstar and kind of started this rumor that she sleeps with twitch staff members and that's why she gets preferential treatment. There's no evidence, there's a horrible lie to say about her yeah and it really absolutely chauvinistic, it's totally chauvinistic and it totally just it. It totally plays into this kind of uh. You know this whole narrative that uh, because there's there's a strong amount of hate. I think that females in general get on twitch, because I think a lot of guys should be like you've got your titties out and you get all these subs and viewers and you're taking viewers away from real good streamers and whatever, because I think that's just the culture of twitch right. So keemstar is playing into this by making this this um, this fake story that she's sleeping with twitch staff, which she's repeatedly said, there's no evidence, and it's just not true now, so I think what you said is is a really good point: the fact that she was immediately trending with doctors disrespect, because any time anyone gets punished on twitch, it's always like a lindy did yes, but this happened and it's like she really is. She gets I when I saw that I was like dude, you guys need to [ __ ] leave this this poor girl alone. At this point it doesn't, I don't see, hear a person that, like hasn't changed, is mistreating the cat every time they're on stream, or you know nothing that will deserve the amount of hate that she's getting right now. She also did this happened recently. I totally forgot where she actually showed her tit. Okay and people were like oh banner, like she was dancing and she lifted up her over shirt and her tick came out like for a second totally accidental, but like nudity, stick strictly prohibited, so I was like battling she's [, __ ]. Ah, you got a banner. She showed her too, and I think they did suspend her or something I don't remember, but people hate her guts and that's like a mistake again yeah. It was a mistake, but anyway I mean twitch is pretty hardcore about even accidental nudity, so they they suspended her. They did suspend her for that. Well then, there you go, I mean, but people say there's a double standard. I don't know I'm not I'm not really into that, I'm not into the whole thing too much either. I'm just saying from from my point of view of watching it from the side. I can tell very clearly that there was something wrong happening here towards her right there right, that's right, and so anyway, she she in response to what's going on with with what happened to reckful made a video speaking up about you know, basically her the amount of harassment she has continued to get for years. Listen! I I just want to talk to you guys about something, and I think, like I promised to myself throughout everything, that's happened that I would never appear weak, that I would always stay strong and not show people how much their words hurt me. But I can't do that anymore, because you guys need to know that the [ __ ], you guys do and the [ __ ], you guys say, really affects people. Okay, like you guys, have no idea how many times I wanted to kill myself how many times I've spent my entire night, trying to figure out how I was gonna end my life, and I just want you guys to know. I just want you guys to know that it's really serious that you guys can't just like send hordes of hate towards somebody without it having an effect on a person. Okay, I might be able to cope with it or I might just be really weak and not be able to go through with the things that I've wanted to do in the past, but sometimes I feel like I would rather be in jail than have to deal with so many people saying so many mean things. Okay, I think in her case, it's just like the end. It's like it's okay, to make a mistake and get criticized, but it's like people do not ever let it go and as someone who's gotten as much [ __ ] as anybody on the internet, I can say there were times when it felt like there's no other explanation for the amount of and the intensity of the hate that I'm getting other than the fact I feel like they want me to die. They want me to kill myself. No, I was never suicidal but like it felt like, but like it just feels so bad and I and I really felt like they want me to [ __ ], kill myself, there's no explanation for this relentless this relent. Just it is just relentless, so she's getting it bad, really bad. So anyway, keemstar sees this now. This is this is when everybody is like kumbaya right and everyone's like you know what, let's take a step back, let's think about what we're doing now. Keemstar sees this video and his immediate response is to start calling her a liar that she's fake crying here. Let me read you his tweets. This is immediately dude right after this guy uh committed suicide. He says doctor disrespect trending with alinity, hmm dear and then, of course he tags her, because that's that's his thing. He needs to harass them directly. I think he truly gets satisfaction from knowing that he's tormenting her. She he knows that she's not in a position to battle him um. She says derelinity. Are you the reason dr disrespect is banned, asking for a friend what that is just so mean spirited and that's it. There is no reason for that tweet other than to just ruin her day and especially to tag her right. There isn't like. Even there is no excuse, it's just evil. Keemstar says: oh, you know what ninja and elindidy got into a fight on twitter apparently and they all felt bad and erased their tweets and apologize to each other, which I thought was cool. Keemstar responded to ninja ninja said I kept looking back at the tweet and saying I wouldn't have sent that if I wasn't a little tilted, I apologize and then he tagged her alinity and then keemstar responded said why she threw her cat and fed it vodka and the reason why people still bring it up is because we love pets. She was never punished by twitch because of those two things you can't let it go when you have a list of like dude one thousand, the totality of [ __ ] you have done is in [ __, ] measurable, oh my god. What have you done? Throw her cat and fed it vodka like dude, those are forgivable things that is really not a baby. She has apologized for it already dude you [ __ ], falsely accused tony of being a pedophile twice and still have never apologized. For the second time I mean you are a piece of [ __, ] bro, oh, what's it garbage garbage um? So then, if we go back, let's see he says someone said after a streamer was bullied by the community to the point where he killed himself. Do you not think that, then, less than a day later, you could stop for a while with the constant abuse thrown around? Yes, she was never punished because they investigated it. Someone said, and he responded, he quote tweeted it and said: do you think it's any coincidence that alinidy started crying on stream about being bullied yesterday, uh yeah? Maybe she was upset like like? Is that finished? It's almost like the perfect timing. Right after a tragedy, some may say straight up. Manipulation. Excuse me, it sounds like you're telling us how your brain is thinking. This is just so evil. This is so exciting. No okay. This is how people with emotions react to someone killing themselves dude the fact she's crying about being bullied the day after somebody killed themselves and she and she, if she's, not allowed to cry unless she's, manipulating people, how about you just shut the [ __ ] up for one day, bro and by the way this tweet has 10 000 likes so like this, isn't just him screaming into a void, he's stirring up a lot of [ __ ] for her when she's trying to move past this right, he's he's he's seen the video and he's and he's saying: I'm not gonna. Let you move past this, I'm gonna do everything my power. She said: I've been suicidal and keemstar's response to that is. I'm gonna do everything my power essentially like I'm I'm reading between the lines here and I'm not sure, even if keemstar is this like conscious of what he's doing. But what he's doing is saying I want you to. I want to push you more towards that. Well, even if he's not understanding that he's doing that, that is what that's. What he's doing. She says I've been suicidal from the harassment and keemstar says I'm on I want. I want to keep pushing you towards that or that's the act. I don't know what his motivation is, but that's his what his action is doing right, that's his response, so I mean what the [ __ ] dude I mean this guy is sick minded he's dang. This is my point about keemstar he's dead, he's dangerous. I just- and this is after by the way all the [ __ ] he caught and the whole dialogue around ediker right. I feel like for the longest time for the longest time I used to just just try to stay out of it, because following him and the drama that he's in it's endless it's every week, there's someone else he's always in a fight with someone there's always something going on. You can't even follow it without going crazy, but I feel like I'm at the point where I've changed my mind and I feel like there's a responsibility on everyone to call it out when he's doing this stuff, because, yes, erica happened, no one is saying keemstar killed erika, but he was involved in the in a really really bad situation. He was involved in it and now reckful died in a really bad situation, and everyone is, I I feel like. I can't just sit and just watch him. Do this to people yeah. I just can't and I don't care what elinated did okay, so she did two bad things to her cat that are really like. It's a mistake. She moved on. She apologized she can grow up and not do it again like, let's put it in perspective totally, I I kind of I'm. I have like a massive disappointment with the community to be honest because nobody will touch this, but it's actually so [ __, ] up and dangerous. What he's doing yeah like nobody will touch this. Nobody will [ __ ] touch this. You know everybody when I made a video about keemstar. Every commentary channel was so quick and fast to make a video about how I can't believe ethan called out g-fuel, but when keemstar is pushing alina when he's pushing a person who said she's been suicidal and he's continuing to harass her in response to that and nobody's willing to speak up about that. I just I find the whole thing just disturbing. Frankly, he goes on. He keeps tweeting about. He says: twitch community reminds me of a cult. I don't really think of any of these. Individual people have individual thoughts or opinions because he was getting [ __ ] for for what he was saying about felinity. They just kind of seem like robots that all follow follow, follow the same people bowling olynyk now want to bully anyone that don't forgive her. Oh so you're, not one of them. People, bullying, olindi right, I'm so shocked that keemstar sees a group of people as not human and having no emotions right. He says I've lost so much respect for these streamers, very low iq people anyway, so elenity responds and really in just kind of the most sincere way possible. Oh, I can't look at it because she made her tweets private, because she's getting harassed so much, that's crazy. She made her twitter private hang on. I gotta go to my own twitter because we follow each other. That's crazy, that your [ __ ] is private dude. I wonder I wonder who caused that? Oh yeah I want to. How did you pull it up because I'm logged into my twitter, so she just quote tweeted his his tweet about him, saying that um she's fake crying and she said- please [ __ ]! Stop! I can't do this anymore and a lot of people rallied behind her a lot of support. Her tweet got 57 000 likes 2000 retweets and a lot of people were were showing support. You know and um. He of course he didn't even erase the tweets they're still up. You know he didn't apologize. He didn't really back down at all. His response was that everybody's low iq um she actually even dm to me. People started asking me questions about how to deal with keemstar, I'm like dude. Don't you understand, there's no [ __ ] way to deal with keemstar she's like how do I get him to stop to leave me alone? She said: how do I get him to leave me alone? This happened just a few days ago. I asked her. I asked her if I could share the contents of this conversation. She said yes, but I was like look ultimately um. That's how that's like starting. Actually there isn't really any legal thing you can do and and and I mean as like, you can make a video and defend yourself- that's ultimately what I had to do, but then she goes like I can't I just I don't have the energy I don't have. I think that I don't have the will to yeah to take on that battle. I mean that's what we were for a long time too, until we decided to make those videos I had to they they put me in a corner. I couldn't yeah like the amount of [ __, ] and [ __ ] lies and [ __ ]. That was being said about me. I literally was like fight fight or die, and he put me in that corner and so and so she she doesn't feel that she's up to like challenging him, and I don't blame her at all. I mean it's a it's a [, __ ] show she just wants to be left alone. So I told her honestly, I I I really don't have a good solution for you. You either just got to address it or ignore it, because there's really no there really nothing else. You can say or do oh and then there's this other thing that keemstar's been doing so he was sending pictures of horses to me to make fun of hila for a long time until um, until we called him out for so much that he stopped. I think also. No one cared you guys. Well, he never blocked ela until recently right right, right but um. Well, the responses were so confused. People were just like what are you even on about even his followers yeah, he just looked like he was insane well he's. So there's this guy starkiller on youtube. Who is a supporter of ours? He made a video defending me on goku narrows video, like you know, years ago, when it first happened and so like he he's known to be a fan of ours and he doesn't like keemstar but he's a very small channel. He had. He has at the time like 1500 followers on twitter and keemstar goes out of his way. This account with 1500 followers and he starts tweeting pictures of the wicked witch directly to him, presumably to make fun of the way his wife looks now. The reason he's bringing up the wicked wish thing is because starkiller told me that when they were on stream, his wife joked that she looked like a witch the day before, and so he starts tweeting pictures of witches. It's a starkiller, an account with 1500. once again to start making fun of his wife's appearance. Now I ask what keemstar clearly has a pro an issue with winning so insane I mean what is his problem with women. I found the fact that he went after her so disturbing, because I I in my mind I was like at least like when he goes after me. I've also talked [ __ ] about him and I'm also like more involved in the topic. But why are you going after this guy's wife? What do you find it? Weird too that, like he attacks you and her you're, both two objectively beautiful women to try to call ugly, yes, she's, very beautiful, it's so stupid, so anyway, he continues to do it. For, like I mean he did it for days dude. He did it for like a week straight and then you want to know how petty he is. He would he would send the tweet of the witch to him and then immediately block him, so he couldn't respond and then the next day he would unblock him, send the picture to the witch and then block him immediately. So he couldn't respond. This guy is spending this much time to harass a dude with 1500 followers for whose crime was simply being a fan of ours. Not just that I mean he's criticized game store too here's a picture of the wicked witch. Again now he starts tweeting pictures of alice in wonderland, the witch munchkins people are like dude you're, like [ __, ], five, two um, it just gets super weird, so ila decided to clap the [ __ ] back and dunk on this [ __ ], and I think that keemstar really does embody the true definition of a [ __ ] as eli points out she says. Do you want to know what a [ __ ] is b being keemstar with 2.8 million followers I is mock is tweeting at starkiller, with 1500 followers t to mock his wife's looks see comparing her to a witch h, ha ha. It got two likes. First, we got two [ __ ] likes and thank you and I took the kim star approach I dedicated to him um. I learned it from what he was doing to star kayla. I unblocked him I tweeted at him, and then I blocked him again and then in return he blocked me. He blocked you within like two seconds two seconds two seconds or so right after this to it came out, and that was great. I love it. Oh, this was funny. Someone picked showed a picture of keemstar with jeffrey epstein yeah. Is this real? I was like hold on. Let me report it and find out afterwards yeah, so ela dunked on keemstar, never apologized, never anything. He just started blocking people um again it's just the guy is I mean, look dude. This is why I keep talking about him that that [ __ ] is all just like stupid. Petty crap, but the stuff about alinity is is deeply disturbing. I mean there's every week something disturbing like just a week ago. It was making really awful comments about someone's sexual assault story on twitter and the context of this. The girl that um she made like one of those long tweets and he basically resp. He was talking about it in a tweet without saying her name as if that matters like I found it in two seconds, um that basically he's super upset uh. If the girl doesn't say no, then how am I supposed to know that I'm like assaulting? Her is his his point because she froze in the moment in her story. She didn't excuse me, she didn't explicitly say no, but she in her story. She was laying there crying. If I recall her story is long too, and he it's the one that he said that he didn't read the whole thing he stopped because he was like. Oh she, the whole story has a lot more to it. She doesn't say at the end, look at this guy rape with me. Let's cancel him. He's her friend, it's a little more complicated than that. She never said he raped. Her goes if she's crying, while I'm having sex with her. That's not! No. Those are tears of joy. Yeah tears are generally, you should pause and see. What's up, if you see two, I don't know I I I would be crying if keemstar was having sex with me, I would find a way to live. My body got yeah poor anyway. Anyway, keemstar is a dangerous man. I don't. I think he is a toxic. He is an unquestionable stain on this community and he will continue to be a dangerous stain he's incapable of changing, and it's only a matter of time before he does something so horribly, inconceivable like that, we'll all wonder why we allowed it to go on for so long. That's, that's that's my opinion and, I think, he's a ticking time bomb. It's just a matter of time before another tony another etiquette another. Whatever this this this happens and we all go. Oh it is keemstar's fault. It is a pattern of events. This isn't you know what I mean. He is actually willing to push people to the limits of their tolerances, currently yeah. Currently so anyway, that's keemstar for you baby. Everybody get excited for keemstar. Good luck, ethan, because you're gonna, [, __ ] need it whoa. Why? What did I do? H3H3 is [ __ ] innocent. Oh thank you, you're a [ __ ] hypocrite. Well, which is it am I everybody on my incident. Good luck, ethan cause you're, gonna, [, __ ] need it remember when he ended his video about me with a literal threat, [Laughter] garbage garbage. Do I have that sound bite? I don't you're a [ __ ] hypocrite! Good luck garbage anyway, guys. That's all the show we have today. I like to leave you on a taste of keemstar. We should have a segment name for our keemstar. Once a taste of keemstar, I was enjoying calling him cumstar. I thought that was funny, but it doesn't really happen. No, it's not that good yeah. It doesn't have a deeper meaning: [ __ ], star [, __ ], star [, __ ] stain. I don't know why I like come star. You know the have you seen. These contributes that people do. Yes, of course I have that [ __ ] is so foul who hasn't garbage. Well, these guys. I remember I was talking with them and they said they haven't seen it. You guys saw the contributes of keemstar. I I I think I've still managed to avoid that you may have not been. It was mostly around the time uh of the content cost. I saw it a couple days ago. You guys had like 100 likes, it's so gross. How could anyone bust on that photo? Dude, I feel like I would have to like cut my dick off. Somehow I've managed to escape that. I did uh uh like a week ago for the first time see the infamous um leafy's [ __ ] picture. Oh leafy tweeted it out. He did yeah what oh gross yeah. It was [ __, ] horrific. It was so disturbing. I I guess he's trying to own it. You know what I mean: uh, huh, cool, okay, but good point, but it's just shocking to see yeah yeah, it's so graphic. It's like he's gay. His [ __ ] is gaping open. Like oh yeah yeah. It was worse than like it had been described. To me I mean it's pretty shocking. It's like a dude holding his [ __ ] open for you, and you can see his nuts and his dick flopping down and he's I mean he's opening his [ __ ]. For you to look at that's what it is. That's the photo yeah, it's so good. Oh then wow um, oh there it is yeah eel is looking at it right now. It's [ __ ] horrific. I mean who the it was quite um. It looked quite inflamed or like uh, maybe not flames, but well it looks like they're red it it. It does not! Look uh, hemorrhoids, happy yeah! No, that that's an [ __ ] of someone who gets pounded. I mean I'm just that's what it looks like to me. Maybe I don't know I don't know, but I've gone years uh without seeing that somehow but um somebody something judged me with it. Yeah they got me. They got me well anyway, I mean it's it's. I think it's great that he's tweeting it out and he's owning it nothing wrong with taking nudes and for the record. Shame on whoever leaked that! That's just that's not cool! I mean! That's a I've. I mean I've taken pictures of my [ __ ]. I wouldn't want that to be leaked. [Laughter]. That's the last place I want to see. I mean his ass was hairless. You wouldn't realize my ass was like they're at the crack. You stop being able to see any details because there's just a lot of hair right, like you said that nobody wants to see that because it's hairy, I I feel like in a way that's almost better because at least it's being scared. No! No! No! You don't want yeah, I mean no. The hair is better than just the straight right. That's right! Yeah, okay, yeah, yeah yeah, because the way he presents himself like he doesn't leave anything to imagination. It's just everything's out there bro it's wild and it's like gaping crazy. Can we stop describing yeah? Probably sure I mean you just pulled up a photo of it why'd you do that because you said it tweeted it out. I was curious, curious how dude you've never seen it before you had seen it before. I wasn't sure, but I was curious about the tweet. He said who uploaded a picture of leafy's news yeah it had a noticeably less engagement than his other tweets. I will say shocking: well, that's really! All there is to it I mean uh. You know it's friday. My dudes uh help is almost over there's about 15 days left we'll have given out 100 billion dollars. Wow, you know. What's crazy, jeff bezos could give out 100 billion. I said that like hyperbolically, like nobody could give out that much money, jeff bezos could give out a hundred billion dollars so good second building below the uh 100 mark. Didn't he no jeff is actually his wealth is way up he's at 180. Now from the pandemic. Oh you're right, the pandemic has, I think, he's made like 30 billion dollars since the pandemic started. Um. Excuse me ethan, not all of that is in liquid assets. Uh. Obviously you don't know how billionaires operate. That's true. It's probably all stock. It's probably 90 stock uh, but I mean you know, still he's probably he's earning like crazy dividends. That's a lot of cheese! It's a lot of cheddar like how much does it get in dividends from every time they pay out? It's gotta be [, __, ], crazy, 180 billion yeah. That's a lot of two-ply kirkland two-ply! That's a lot of two players zach. How much kirkland two play? Can you buy with 180 billion a lot of curriculum to play? There's a lot of two blocks: man, kirkland yo speaking of two-ply, and just our last episode. Just a quick note, um. You know I was uh pushing back pretty hard on the whole um napoleon swam back to europe discussion. You know I thought that was um, that was pretty far-fetched, but a very uh insightful commenter on the last episode did point out. He pulled it up on google maps and there is a series of small islands between uh, elba and mainland europe. That means that uh, the furthest you would have to swim at a time is about four miles which is reasonable. So what I'm trying to say is, I think, I'm convinced I think, napoleon swim back to europe. Yeah. You got me and have you found any literature, any literature at all that supports that? No nothing, I believe, but you know what they're they're keeping the wall over our eyes. Man yeah. They don't want us to know, he's swimming okay, so here's kirkland, two-ply, kirkland two-ply, write this down. 30 rolls is 20. What am I writing it down for so hang on. 30 rolls is 20 dollars, so if you have 180 billion so that's yeah, you could get uh nine uh divided by twenty nine billion uh, so you could buy thirty. It's not a kirkland. Two play yeah you could wait. Hang on is that right, you could buy. You'd have to multiply by thirty, so it's uh nine billion right, so you would have nine and thirty packs hold on, which is really two hundred and seventy billion rolls of toilet paper. Wow, two, nine! Really it's two ply, so you could double that really. If you really want to get crazy, you could pull the two-ply apart and get two sheets, so you have yeah 270 billion rolls right there or sheets rather no rolls right well hold on, though, because if you even you could take this further because each one has 425 sheets. So if you take 270 billion right, yeah and times it by 425, yeah, then you're looking at you can't even express this number. It's so big, it's scientific notation! It says 1.1475 e plus 14.. Oh my god, that's a lot of kirkland. That would be the name of uh, elon musk and then again, because it's two ply. You got to double that final number. So let me times it by could theoretically pull the two sheets apart to to get even more one player. Well, that wouldn't be two player, that'd be one play, but if you, if you're right yeah, you get you guys. If you want a lot of sheets, you can floor. You can four play that as well. You can stack. How can you four, oh yeah, sure, of course you could. That would be you divide by two. If you wanted a four plot, but that gets them in a whole new territory, because if I, if I divide this by four, that should give me the the four ply number, which would be five uh point: seven, three: seven: five e plus 13. kirkland yeah baby, all right! Well, jeff bezos! We have a new project for you, [Laughter] all right, that's about it! Eh cheers cheers to that and in like two years time I want to show you that deleted ethan bradberry prank that he sent us that was too [ __ ] up. We couldn't show it oh yeah. If we showed that, I think he would be arrested, I'm serious! That's the best. I actually think you would be able to need to wait ten years statute of limitations five years. I think, oh, but I think once the virus once the viruses behind us, then people will and nobody will care um, but that might be fun that might be five years for all. I dude it was crazy. We said we just told ethan bradbury go on the street. I think you would be funny man on the street. Can you just go and like ask people questions about the coronavirus and see what they have to say and he goes and does this crazy, [ __ ] prank? Where he's like he's pretending he has corona virus, but we're not. We must have described it before. I don't think we did he's he's interviewing yeah. You described it. Oh, we did okay, he goes and he's pretending that he has coronavirus and he's coughing and [ __ ], and it's like dude. No, you can't do that yeah. That was at the very beginning, though of it to be at least give him some benefit of the doubt before lockdown yeah that was before lockdown, so people were kind of like uh. What is this? We don't really know what this is, but we're kind of scared of it, but people actually get arrested for that now, coughing on people and [ __ ]. He didn't cough on anyone like in that way, but god all glory to ethan bradberry blood of the lamb blood of the lamb to ethan bradberry. Can we wrap this up? I mean what is this you're, the one extending uh uh is that you or the soundbite zack, that's the soundbite like that yeah. I thought it was zack yeah, weird, no, that that is definitely not me by the blood of the lamb, hello. Oh, I hit demon, but it doesn't do anything on this. I guess. Can you do unique new york, unique, unique new york, unique new york, unique new york, unique new york, new, unique new york, unique new york, unique new york, unique new york, unique new york, new, unique new york, new york, new york, unique new york, new, unique new york, new york, new york new year new york new year, new york, new york, new york? What am I saying wrong, you're saying new week, new york, I don't know what it is about, those works, but they really slipped me up. Unique new york, unique new york, unique new york, new, unique new york, unique new york. It's so hard all right! This is uh. Let's go! Let's just help all go have a good weekend. All right! That's all! I want from you guys, dan. Today's dan's 30 year anniversary 30. three three of a conversation about uh. Everyone should uh evaluate. We need to evaluate that hello. Then this is your evaluation right now. Maybe we could do this off the air zach and do you have any evaluation comments for dan? Nothing but positivity good? Oh! Thank you! Jack love that man I mean his his chip. Etiquette is a little oh. We're gonna have to talk about the chips. That's true! Just last week what yeah you were chewing up: twitter, oh yeah, yeah. It was also all toy okay, you know I'm gonna have nice would have to make rules for every individual item yeah exactly you can't just like it ban the chewing that would be irresponsible. You gotta eat man's gotta eat. Well, let's go ahead and have a great weekend. Everyone all right, she's, good, all right, all right, tata, tatty, [Music], hey.