To welcome everybody to the specialist Epis, the best episode of the best show Wow. What a treat a street podcast is here with my dog, shredder, Alfredo and ela. Today we are sponsored by expressvpn and Stitch fix and first off. First of all welcome everybody. Thank you for joining us. We have a fantastic show playing here today for you, as always, I want to first issue an apology to ela I said that her post office story at last episode was a 5 and it actually resonated with a lot of people, and so I do want to issue a public apology and to to revise my rating and I'll, give it a 7 based on the overwhelming audience reaction. Thank you, apology accepted. Well. We actually had a funny anecdote from one of our fans. They wrote in. He said because I had said, what's going on with this, this mail forwarding what yeah stop anyone from just forwarding mail anywhere right, and so this guy he says he works for USPS. For those of you who don't know we're talking about Ella had a heck of a time at the post office trying to Ford mail to her new address, and they ultimately said just put it in the mail. We don't need to verify your information and I said well. What's to stop anyone from forwarding anybody's mail, even though they technically thought that my forms were filled by someone else, and they still told me just put it in the mailbox, which is obviously less secure, safe, as they can check your ID and verify that, even if it was signed by somebody else, it's still you, regardless here this guy says I am a supervisor for USPS. I saw the segment on your recent podcast of Aeolus problem at the post office. I thought I would share with you the process of which a change of address card goes through and how incredibly insecure it is. Like Ethan said you can literally change anybody's address, although it is a federal crime and if you get caught you can make, you can face many years of imprisonment. - all you trolls out there. Well, it's gonna be pretty easy, not to get caught. I, don't know if you can just put this papi they'll believe mailbox on the street. He says: here's a link to a news article which a guy- this is the best he put a change of address and had UPS headquarters address changed to his home. Is that the ultimate UPS headquarters? Let me repeat that forwarded to his home address. Not only that, let me pop this story up. He started cashing their checks. Don't you need an ID for that, like he goes, he forded their address in 2017, he requested changing a corporate mailing address from addressing Atlanta to an address in Chicago, an apartment on Chicago's North, Side yeah UPS is headquarters, is in his apartment in Chicago's, North Side, the post office duly updated the address and he began receiving the company's mail, including checks it went on for months prosecutors say he deposited fifty eight thousand dollars in checks that was improperly forwarded to adjust what a system failure he receives them donut and going on for month. How can he deposit their checks, though? No, like that's even crazier? This guy must be thinking to himself like this is next change. Like Amazon yeah, you know, I heard a story. I think we maybe we talked about it where someone was just sending invoices to Google and they ended up getting paid like millions of dollars. Just do you just send him an invoice like hey. You owe me money and counts like yeah. He got caught eventually, but he probably spent all the money. So he had a good-ass year before he went to jail, and you know when Google comes after you go to jail for life. You look, you don't get the death sentence when Google comes after you uh, so there you have it I, don't know how he was able to cast check. Yes, I'm still waiting to see if my form actually went through it didn't I guarantee it, because that lady was after you too. She probably went in there and ripped it up. No, but I was surprised your because, according to the other, ladies there who seem to be on my side, yeah right, they said just put it in the mailbox. There's no difference. It's the same thing. It's like: do you not see a problem with that post people yeah according to her I'm, committing a crime right now and you guys are okay with letting me put it in the mailbox, no you're not committing a crowd. You're, not impersonating yourself. According to her I am right. She thinks that my form was wrong wrongfully filled by someone else. She she wouldn't accept it from me. So, according to her, there is a crime of a new one. Whatever the post office day, I think what they do is they literally go to like rehabilitation centers, and they go to like places where you check yourself in you know, and they recruit people to work at the post office from there. They tout their health plans and don't think that what happens it says what it sounds like you know it's funny. Also from the last episode my parents were offended by the boomer accusation against boomers. Yeah I was shocked by this whole I. Was this Boomer thing getting so out of control? It's just a gag I mean yeah boomers are, are annoying I mean, but like actually that they're actually getting offended by this boomer. My parents go just so you know Ethan, you know. Yes, college went up for you, but guess who has to pay it? The Boomers I was like first of all, not everybody's paying for college and by the way you wouldn't have to pay for my college and I wouldn't have to be so dependent on you. If I could just pay my college with $26. If what the tips I got for my part-time work. Also, your mom said that they were politically. They protested. Vietnam yeah but I mean that's I. Don't think! That's really what people complain about I'm talking about the attitude they have, that they had much easier time and then they're, giving [ __ ] to Millennials for being lazy. When Millennials aren't lazy, they're just shafted, they don't understand that yeah, but anyway, it's not that serious either it's just it's a stupid, meme and now, all of a sudden. Now it's serious now, there's like generation wars, there used to be race, Wars and others generation wars, so the boomers are upset and I. Don't think that makes Boomer even funnier. You know other updates in my life, as you guys, are all on the edge of your seat here with these updates I'm happy to say that I'm still a vegetarian after the Arby's meat, Mountain and I think you are V's fan now, I mean I'll, be happy to say. If I keep this up, that the Arby's meat Mountain was the last time I eat meat American, we even had a barbecue over the weekend and I held strong. We got some beyond meat sausages that were fantastic and I'm telling you these beyond meats are just as enjoyable as meat. They really are and I'll take more enjoyable to me, because I don't have to worry about what kind of gross thing am I eating sure like when I normal, hotdogs, I'm I don't really enjoy because I'm also paranoid about what I'm, what I'm eating there's a texture issue it's like chewy and that you're eating out of it a pig's a test in I mean it's kind of gnarly, but here's the thing it tastes, delicious I'm not going to dispute that, but people keep now going I don't know if this is some kind of meat propaganda, but every time I bring up beyond meat they go. Oh did you know it's not that healthy, I'd say yeah enough in a sausage. Is it's not supposed to be healthy? It's it's junk food. It's a barbecue! The point is I'm, not eating meat. Yeah I, don't understand this whole. We've heard it already from a few. It's did you, but did you I'm not eating it because I think it's healthy? Did you know that it's not healthy? Oh, you shouldn't eat that it's like dude you're eating a pork sausage, there's probably feces and like Salmonella, like 50% of that sausage is feces of salmonella and that's a very American like. Why is that even and I just looked it up and it's like nutritionists say veggie burger is healthy despite being processed. Oh! Is that what it is I feel like they're being cannibalized by their own people, but they don't weigh wise. It's a veggie burger, it's just not meat I'm, not I'm, not eating a it to be healthy. It's not meat and it's still a hamburger. That's the point nobody's saying: oh: did you know how hamburgers not healthy yeah? We know that it's it's a it's a you know. It's a treat! Okay, now I'm a militant vegetarian but I'm happy to say that the feeding window has persisted. The vegetarian has persisted feeding window plus vegetarianism equals true euphoria, true, enlightenment, here's what they they said that most of the nutritionist classified the veggie burger as a sometimes food meaning it can be healthy to eat. On occasion as a substitute to real food, I'll shut up to them. I say that it's like did you really need a research on that? That just seems like common sense, how about just shut up and let me eat my veggie burger. What do you do you classify a real burger, Oh sometime food? Probably there you go. Sometimes everything I eats is sometime food. If you mix up the sometime foods enough, then your then your you know I'm saying you eat a burger on this day, a pizza on this day they this sometimes that's, sometimes that sometimes I'm healthy. You just rotate. You know, but I, think I'm, losing weight, I, think I'm, losing weight, I, think I'm, losing weight, I. Think my belts, a little less a little less everything becomes a song I go I am the thing. Is that I have a lot of fat, not just my stomach now, but with my arms, my thighs, my wheel, I got fat all over the place, go today anyway, I think I'm losing weight. So that's exciting. I, like the feeling window I like the vegetarianism and I love, the vegetarianism wait hold on Gila. You got to admit happy that were vegetarian for days. Strong, you got to admit something about the feeding window that you were hating again go ahead, go ahead about the feeding window, I, think that it's wonderful really because I see how are you responding to it I feel like I'm, talking about a baby now you're responding really well to the feeding window mm-hm and it's eliminating the late-night snacks mm-hmm, which is perfect for you. It keeps you on a schedule which is perfect for you. It keeps me on a schedule because I know when you're eating and I know that you're not gonna come at me at midnight with, like pizza requests, yeah. So there's less stress for me too I'm pretty much just eliminating a meal for my day, yeah just forces me not to eat that third meal. It's fantastic had a cup of tootsie rolls. You know no saying and back to here we got a bunch of candy left over and it's a beautiful thing. You want to look at h3 memes of the week. It's Tuesday yeah, but also you're, not abusing the window. No I would never abuse the window me. How dare you all right? So here we, as you know, we'd like to go over on reddit.com our slash hthe productions. We like to go over. You guys put all the effort into these beautiful, lovely memes and every Tuesday. We go over the freshest spiciest H straight reproduction memes of the week dan. By the way. Just remember, I want to have people call in and leave messages for us voice messages, yeah. Okay. How do we do that I used to do it last year? You have the numbers to do. Is it? Is it open? I? Can it's not right now, but I can reactivate it. Okay! Well, we'll figure that out turn the break, 808 ha Meem. Is it really 808 hot and that's such a good non-drive like a million different combos, and that was so. We got to open that up. 808 hot meme, you guys click all in like message, question I concern! We will address it on the show when fashion a confession right, shoenice made another weird video about us: did you got it I, don't know what he's problem is cuz. It's like when I start warming up to him and I want to have don't tell me this I just made contact with him. Let me show you the video. You can tell me what you think come on I, don't know. What's his problem, he's the one who's mad at me and then he's gonna stalk me true. Well, that's that's better for me! Frankly, but every time this happens, I make connection with him. I start warming up, I think could be a great podcast guess. I do I, just don't know what shoenice is gonna show up and I'll tell you what I mean like there's a shoenice where he's like shout out to you know: Ethan in Gila, I didn't mean it. I want to be on your show and then maybe he probably erased it guys guys I'm, not entirely I mean he has so many channels, though, let's see I mean he sent me an email that said, I am the most nonviolent person in the world, I run from confrontations and he's been going through long you've got. You got to see this video okay I like that message. The most nonviolent person in the world more than I mean that's what he says. Okay, how do we? How do we? How do we quantify that? That's almost like vicious yeah, that's suspicious I. Do you know something else that concerns me? Somebody said careful Ethan. This is literally the same thing that happened in Joker when they invited Harvey. What was his name Harvey late night and and he liked that comment he's favored that comment. Okay, but also is it I think you're a stick god, damn it? You, nice buddy, always erase [ __ ] man see he had emailed me because I we were busy last week and I had moved out to him yet and yeah I think he got sad about it and got me a very sad email, saying I'm out much love to you guys, but you know I understand you don't want me around or whatever and I emailed him back. I said she nice! No, don't don't be like that. You should have reached to reach out to him sooner though, because we could ask everything what I'm trying to say is everything's back on track and I'm talking to him, and so maybe that's what you now but now you're. Well, he erased the video in the video he goes uh. He goes even in ela he's like I mean I'm telling you he's like off sure it's a new video it. Yes, it just came out like yesterday and he erased it. If you go to his channel his newest videos from six days ago, so he goes on a racing spree. He goes Ethan and ela stop [ __ ] talking about me. You always clickbait me and it always gets you more views. Well, it's [, __, ] and it's time to stop talking about me, get might get your name out of my mouth before I and then he starts but uh he starts threatening me. He goes Ethan you're, a [, __, ], [, __ ], and if I see you I'm gonna do something you know vine. He said and he goes I'm just kidding. I scared. You didn't I Ethan, you [ __ ], it's like I mean I'm, saying almost verbatim what he said. Just so unhinged I know I, don't like see, I, don't like that side of Shu knives. Well, why don't we we don't have to have a man we could. We could do like a Skype call yeah. Why don't we do that? Just do like a remote. We got it because not the same idea. You got a date. I've got an idea if we bring shoenice in what, if we put him in a straitjacket, let's put him in a straitjacket with a call. Okay, yeah. Do you like the straitjacket idea? Well, you know we'll take it off. Well, just he will be like look before you into the room. We'll have our security guard before you into the room, I'm gonna frisk you and then I'm gonna put this straitjacket on you and then you can come me Ethan and ela too much. Let's start with a call. What about like a Hannibal mask over his face in addition to this JJ too far? No, that's reasonable. I just want to feel safe, I'm sure, he'll understand after that last video, new video, yeah I, don't know if you're AC he's got like a thousand chance. Okay, so maybe this hard have been on shoenice ASMR. Let's go I mean how do I find all the showers she nice official channel. Does he have a Boomer Channel? Is he a Boomer? You know I, don't think he's a Boomer he's, Gen, X I. Think um, let's see I mean let me sort by no. He has like 20 channels. So it's hard. Okay, let me sort by upload date. The thing is I know he does I think he does constantly erase videos. So, but what is this again? Well, basically, I've been on YouTube nine years next month same with h3h3, maybe 10 years, I've seen Ethan's videos 6 7 8 years ago, I've always known Ethan, anniela, good people, they're a family, now I'm sober I guess in their last podcast. They mentioned having me on there again I'm one of the greatest YouTube stories ever straight up to this 10,000 animal again, Paul gets me deleted, I'm back up to 100k, again I'm, not disagreeing with you nice chance on YouTube. That's why I want to have it on the show? I. Don't even I know your producer, you're, all good people, sure I get drunk and I, say stuff, I say to everybody, I'm a raw comic, but you guys knows I'm down inside I got a good heart and a good song, and so from this directly after the other out of your think, who's wearing the same hat, we can even have the interview. Maybe outside you guys, come to Denver now how you can be got a baby either. You want to show your kid right now that what does that sound legit? It seemed very nice. That's not the one! That's not the one! All right! Maybe you had a nightmare. No, you guys I'm gonna find this hold on. Now. You really pissing me off. Shoenice addresses false rape. Allegations. Oh wow do I even want to go there. Probably she knows flips out on Ethan eel again here it's the same day or no, that's the other video yeah look November 11, it's a faster day. Okay, there you have it. No. This is re uploaded from this guy shoenice deleted. Videos, X I, think is either him or someone who so here. Okay, just just enjoy this yesterday. Right of that room, is a veteran Ethan ela the producer who, whatever your name, is reunited. Stop mentioning my name per views. Every time you mention my name, you get views and you know it stop. It come to Denver and we'll chat. Put me on skype and we'll chat, but it's open shut, the [, __ ] up and don't mention my [ __ ] [, __ ], that's him drunk and then the other ones him sober, I, guess! Well, not that bad names he's sober, but it's just, but who is this I don't know who this sword that was uploaded I, think that's gotta be the most recent yeah that was yesterday and then the one I'd already made peace with him. So so yes, so this one, the first one we watched of him being on, is that's why I deleted it was from the seventh and this one being psycho was from the ninth from the ninth. Yes, no, no Saturday, yeah I think it's on Veterans Day. He said happy Veterans Day! Not if you sit on the 9th or not oh, it's a but this one, this ok! So what do you make of it? I believe I emailed him apologizing for not getting back to him sooner on Saturday. So maybe he posted that video, then emailed me and my shoenice I'm, trying to tell you it on the video. If, if we're not getting back to you, it's Dan's fault. It's not me. It's Dan's fault, dancey dance, the [, __ ] I explained you. Dan explained everything in the email. I explained it on the podcast, then is a busy guy. We got a lot of work for then I'm clipping that Dan is a busy guy, [ __ ] you that's such a good sound bite. Well, okay, let's get on a Skype call with him. Let's plan that out, look we will pre record it get a little into the mind of shoenice. He's got a lot of voices rolling around he's, Marge, she's joked or no we're about to look at the memes, though, have something to ask you about. Oh, you have something won't put on the veil on the window. Oh I, guess not! Okay, you want to send it on discord. Ah, that window just disappeared to know her. So anyway, let's get back to the memes. We got sidetracked with Tosh shoenice, but I mean he says he can't fly by the way he says he's gonna be in LA sometime in the fall I believe you said, isn't it the fall? Now? Yes, it is so then why don't you find out, but I think it's a guy over station first, it was like the first date right right and then and then we'll take it from there beautiful foreplay I get it set up next Tuesday, let's go dude. He could he could literally I'm just saying if he's here, he could lunch. He the lunch across the table and chew and strangle my head off and like before you could even react. He's got crazy energy, dude I. Don't think that he's a violent guy well, apparently he's been accused of rape. That's according to some random YouTube video. Do we investigate that right? Now? No no Dan says oh good call good call right! Cue, nice, I, don't know, I doubt that it's just some random youtube video! Sorry, but if you have B, if it was Dan, it's all Dan. So here's the memes for the week guys you're in the wrong Street cuz ela, is pointing a gun at Trish and she's running. That's violent Trish just starts hitting on Heath enos's. That's true, oh, is that the wire thing that's from the wire could be wrong. When you successfully hit candy in the shop car and your mom bought it anyway. That's the NRA you're, so happy with that lolly I love that one so much. It's no happy that could be a good shirt image for an Dan trying to end the show Ethan talking powerful I like that, the boys well I, guess I should describe these for the for the listeners, know, I've been putting them in the O show description of very nice I heard my version been getting some good feedback for that nice. If you, if you're an audio listener- and you haven't noticed that yet all of the links to everything we watch and look at are in the description, how wonderful, how what a sweet, thoughtful gesture Dan, it's Greta, the little girl Greta staring at Trump. So that's what that is the boys. Will they try to educate themselves on the female hymen? It's all of us, you know being very confused and eva is not interested in this conversation ti here, just checking ins. It's a view from his daughters, vagina, looking out into q. Nice is the Joker. That's that's the Batman! We deserve that's a good Joker man. That's a terrifying Joker! That's too realistic, and would that Batman stop that Joker? Do you think, and this universe they're supposed to struggle right? It doesn't mean he's it's his equal, it's his man right Joker is his aunt dented. This is a Batman I'm team Batman, when your boss is saying something controversial and digging himself into a hole and your help will stop him, so you just have to watch him crash and burn that didn't happen. What is he referring to? No? No! No! No I, don't know what he's referring to this I. Like a lot you can with the new belt Delphine video you and my girl business I want to watch this source. Video know what is only the Japanese a spring show. Can you pull up that uh I want to watch that? Don't you try and find it yeah I try to find it. It's like acid. You guys this is us eating sour. This FDA approved an I'm going in for round two yeah a she podcast worried about eating segments on the podcast me running to the sound of Ethan's lip smacking pornhub. Is this real porn hub offers, TI's daughter, one, no, no lose virginity. I want to be surprised as a joke, apparently something they would do and they then they flip your [ __ ], it's Charlie from always funny the conspiracy mean and Zack. Taking my mom asking where all the Vaseline went me explaining it help with my itchy butt hole, I mean that's. What Vaseline is for that's one of the applications of a sling am I wrong slang for, if not to put in your butt irritated skin. Yes, that's what I'm talking just happens to be in your butt: I'm babies, mmm-hmm sensitive skin. When mom says you can't adopt a blue go well. Ela said: well, this I love the shrunken Joker, it's Ethan and SAS, both with the need, Mountain, I. Don't know why I love this Zack is my meat, Mountain, accomplice, army of darkness. It's me with a Papa bless and he loved my leg: Donnie dolls, deep cuts so flow bro sexual 2x. Oh, that's! A good, a strong, an army of dankness, okay! Well break time. Oh well, we've managed to discuss nothing. Why really yeah? Well, we went on a whole shoenice tangent, their generation um dan. I do want to ask you something: would you help me bury a body what dan? Let's let's talk about after the break, but I wanna I really want to know if it would help to bury a body. I mean I want to know how, as a producer, I want to know where your limit, no, let's, let's go to a quick break and we'll be right back when find out. Damn would help me bury buddy or not. Maybe it's that I think Zach would we'll find out. We got a lot to talk about the mandalorian we all watched, sanic is back and looking juicy Epstein has an egg-shaped penis, we'll get into that maggot challenge, ooh this one's fun and, of course, Logan Palmer's case I fight I want to talk about that, and so so so so so much more more violence at Popeye's, my goodness I heard that Trump declared a national emergency this morning over Popeyes in displaying he is deploying national guards who all popped by locations around the country. So the price of chicken is has a toll on all of us, so we will be right back after this break. What you would to my online services. Does the government have a right to now pink dye searches? What about penis enlargement surgery? What about where to pirate the game? Cupcake bake-off? They don't overwrite the CIA. Let my privates are guys none of the above. If you have expressvpn without expressvpn protection, though hackers and governments and had companies and ice peace, ISPs all have full access to your data, I don't want them using my web history or video searches against me. That's why I use expressvpn every time I go on at first VPN encryption, reroute, your web traffic to any number of countries, keeping you safe and secure simply download the expressvpn app click an app and boom you're protected without Swiss VPN. You can make it seem like your browsing from a different country, so you can watch any Netflix and library in the world. If you want, how cool is that lightning, sound effect expressly PN it's the fastest, VPN I've tried it costs less than seven dollars per month and it comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee - it's time to stop governments and Internet companies from keeping tabs on your data. Take back your online privacy, like I, did today with a call to action, protect your online activity today and find out how you can get three months for free and expressvpn com+ h3. That's e ex BR e SS VPN dong, cobb, /, h, 3 for 3 bucks for room with a one-year package, big expressvpn, comm /, a trade alert. You [Music] describe your look in one word: casual sophisticated playful ela, put your phone away, I'm talking to Jesus. However, you dress stitch fix as the expert person, a stylist that can help you look your best. Personal style is like a fingerprint ela. Everyone has their own, whatever style, they're experts stylish, yet stitch fix, are ready to help you express yourself, not all clothing or a fit for everyone with stitch fix. Your personal stylist will send you clothing that make you look your very best. Less one size fits all more. This fits your style. Stitch fix is an online personal styling service that delivers your favorite clothing brands right to your door is my impression: is it awful to get started? Don't use stitch fix, comm, /, h3 answer some questions about your preferred style and your personal shopper will ship you a box of clothes, shoes and accessories with stitch fix. Everyone can look their best. They have solutions for men, women, kids, all over the United States and now, but the UK there's no could be been required and you only pay for what you keep shipping exchanges a return, plus the $20 styling fee is automatically applied towards anything. You keep in your butts. The next you'll never have to think about looking good again with stitch fix, get started today at stitch, fix, calm, /h Lee and you get a extra 25%. Ah, when you keep everything in your books that stitch fix that come / each thing once again that stitch fix calms logic, Sri darling, so as I was saying Dan as my producer, if I called you and said, Dan I need your help with something you of course would oblige me. As the good crepe producer you are I said you come over my house and there's some dead guy and in a room or something and I say love. Well, let's, let's get rid of this uh-huh. What do you do? I'd probably have some questions like. What would you ask me? It was totally justified. It was everything was justified about it so like in self-defense it was self-defense someone broke into the house. Let's just say someone broke into the house and I blast him with the shotty and he died on my floor, I mean if it was really justified when you just reported, because we have work to do I mean burying a body. That's that is work and that's that's hard to work than we do for a living. Maybe maybe like I shot him in the back. So it's like wow, so it just looks a little fishy. It's a little fishy, but I don't know, and in your house yeah in my house stand your ground laws or whatever I, don't know, Callie I, think I. Think yeah I! Think if you shoot him in the back, it's you can get [ __ ]. You might get [ __ ], so I'm like dude. Look. This guy came in my house, I'm sure yeah I mean any of these circumstances. Yeah, let's go. Are you serious that was bringing your house I mean you know what he was trying to get. You know a lot like. What do we do? Well, I go down, I need. What do we do? Oh, what's the game plan, we got a tarp or anything uh yeah I'll get a tarp I got a tarp and we'll go out halfway to Vegas. Hmm, you know out in the middle of the boonies, Death Valley or something I'll be fine. Death Valley Oh dig a hole, it's it's gonna, be okay and then what do we do about like the blood on the floor and in the car and stuff? Like that um well good Zach take care of that bleach yeah, you can be our uh I didn't expect. I didn't expect you to say yes well, I mean you said is justified. It was yeah fully justified. What's going on either. Would you help me with that? Yes, yeah I got you. Thank you. Thank you guys. I feel very loved right now now, by the way, during this whole process, I'll be taking a lot of photos secretly three to six months later, then, are you chewing in the mic, come on how much [ __ ] do uh you're gonna give me [ __ ] for that Ethan? Really, no I'm, the one that's eat, while you're talking honestly no I got Ethan. So what you're gonna be worried? You're gonna! You can talk, pictures free, well, guess what I'm taking pictures. At the same time and I'll say with your idea in three months, I'll put I'll [ __ ] betray you did happen in your house, I, don't own a gun, you do okay, but you're an accomplice, so you're already yeah. Even if you rat me out no more monsters, though you got a kid, so life is everything I, don't really care right now that now this theoretical is just out of control because you're not taking it seriously anymore, what I'm, taking it very seriously mmm-hmm you're an accomplice at this point, if you bring me down even if it's justified- and you turned me in you- are still gonna go to prison yeah. But again you have a lot more to lose. I feel like you are. So what has that? What does that affect you? So you know it affects me. What are you gonna blackmail me? What do you mean by that I mean I, didn't use that word? Okay, let's move on deniz now change the set. This is not whatever I wanted this to go wait. So how would you dispose of the body he would well according to Dan who you got it all wrong? Got it all? Oh you did yeah. You got it from what I've seen my movies mmm-hmm. You got a new start, limb from limb, so you pull the teeth out of the head yeah. So you cut the leg off, you got the other leg off and you cut the two arms off and then you spread them around. So that way it's harder to find the body. Well, I, don't see how that help. Well, if they found an arm, they'd still be able to identify them by their DNA. This is what I've seen in the movies. All the movie I, don't get it yeah I! Don't get that strategy. That just seems like Oh, [, __ ] and a big mess I like I think bearing it in the middle of the desert is a good call. He's right. If you just go half way to Vegas drive five miles into the desert, dig a hole, call it a day. Yeah I mean that seems pretty clean one and done I, don't I, don't think I say you call the police call the police, okay, I, know, I, know who not to call [Laughter] I. Also before we review the mandalorian I also want to say that I'm a bit a boy now, because at the new house we can't use baby wipes after after all this time we can't use baby wipes and there's a bidet in the toilet and I. Never thought I would use this kind of a day but I'm like well hell I'm, just gonna sit on a try. It's, unlike anything else, I've used where you face the wall and you have your hands on the handles. Like your starship pilot sick, you you're like getting so with the temperature. It's like a little hot local note, I mean and you're getting the pressure up and there's a jet that shoots right at your [ __ ] high-pressured. So basically feels amazing. It's Finn! The pressure is super high. You always had concerns about what do you do, then, when you're wet, because you can't use toilet paper, here's what I misunderstood people acting like you, just [ __ ] and get over the bidet, but no you cannot do that. That's insane! What you need to do! Is you wipe all the you know? Yeah, let's say Ground Zero, that's what I like to refer to the first like five wipes and and at that point I would go in for a baby wipe, but instead of going for a baby wipe for the you know. How do you want to do that, though? You know you're, it's the it's the rubble you're going in with the bulldozer and cleaning up the you know, you don't want to breathe the fumes. Cuz you'll get a cancer later down the road, but but instead of using a baby wipe you sit on the bidet and at that point, you're already clean, but you're just taking out the trash. But what do you do afterwards? You just wet so at that. You know at that point: there's actually a towel rack next to it. So you're not wiping your ass. That's what I understand you're just trying your thighs so but I haven't been using a towel. I just been I, go high-pressure and then I turn it off and I just kind of jiggle jiggle the water off as best I can I put on my pants. It's not that bad, but what I would do if I put a towel there and I'm going to is just dry, your thighs and your prayer, and that's it I'm telling you my [ __ ] has been like cleaner than it's ever been. It feels great. You ever had high stream water plane blown out your [ __ ] did well nice and warm. It's super high pressure and you can. You can like go higher pressure than you're comfortable with, and sometimes it squirts in your ass, the water and I'm like I, didn't like that. Well, but that's an option. I recommend using a brown tall, know it but I'm telling you there won't be any [ __ ] on it, a brown towel, that's hideous! That's awful! Where's! Everything I've got some questions about the mechanics of this, because the way you describe that now this is a is this thing built into the toilet. No separate unit you'd like to stand like you, you walk over to it yeah and you're, like so in the same room, so any little water walk, no, no I'm wiped my ass. It's not that serious! Okay, like I like I, just like right next to each other, you [, __ ], you can wipe and you say you do like you- do like three wipes to get the chunks out. You flush that so you move on to the bidet. You sit on the day. It's just it's like one step away. You don't even have to waddle. Okay, it's in the bathroom, you sit on it, you face the wall and there's a knob. So it's like it's! No. We didn't think that anything would like it. So we already bought the total toilets. We bought the todos, maybe I'll, but those are cool cuz. They try your ass and I. Think I like the totem. It opens for you. So you don't touch, though this is the one that Tom and Christine yeah yeah yeah, okay and you don't have to touch the toilet seat ever cuz. It opens when you enter the room Wow. Do you use a bar of soap on the bidet like the clean? What yeah? That's what you're supposed to do? You're supposed to like so you're supposed to do? What do you know? Nobody soaps their [, __ ], that's right, less you're in the shower. That's insane! You can have too much conversation I'm, not touching my [ __ ] effort, I mean I. Think we shouldn't really know what everyone is doing. It's way too late for that dealer yeah. Are you bringing that up? No, no! That doesn't make any sense, get some extra clean. Where do you know I've, actually, trips open to prove you're, not suppose of what soap your [ __ ], when you're on the day? That's crazy! Why well, first of all, why is it necessary at second, while you're putting your hand in your [ __ ], that's defeats the whole purpose of the cleanliness, but it's soap, Zach you're, not serious! No I've tried it like I'm dead. Serious. So tell me about the process of soaking, your [ __ ]. After your check. Well, I, like you, I, do the wipe and just to get the extra clean. When you go on the bidet, you know you get the water right and then you know you wet the soap and you go like a bar. Oh, so you hope you have a you, have a place for soap: I, don't have a bidet in my house, but like sometimes in hotels, there'd be a bidet and I've used that so you just leave, there's no place for soap. Next to the bidet. You just leave it in the bidet in the bidet. What do you mean on the bowl with the [ __ ] water inside the [ __ ] water goes down. It passes over the Sun, no way, let's discuss you leave a, but you leave a Bardot's know what you know, but you know that's, not the let Zach. Let me ask you: something: is the person who told you you flip the [ __ ] the wrong? This is first-hand experience. Okay, but do you understand that here you there's no way that the intention is to leave a bar soap in the bowl of the bidet I? You don't touch you, don't you have to reach in and grab. This will be touching the bidet bowl, which is where [ __ ] water goes flows, but why does someone else use? Is it actually you're at a hotel? Even more horoscope you're at a hotel with other people and other people stayed there, that's or if none of this adds up I've stayed in a lot of hotels, I've, never seen. One of these are you sure, Vegas I've seen a bagina I've, seen it with DES in a hotel, but I did not I. Think you just grabbed the soap. It doesn't mean that they set it up like that. You don't have right the way bar soap worth. You grab like the bottom end of the soap, and then you wipe it's almost like you're wiping with the sober row. Yet soap has been in other people's ass. No, it's a brand new. So and then so, would you throw it out? You leave it in the bowl and our is anyone else using the soap and hotel room. Only me no [ __ ] on the soap hold on. How do you know that no one else is sitting on that bidet. If you're you're, not there by yourself right, like you're, not in the hotel room by yourself. Are you by yourself? No okay, I would make sure okay yeah, and so you leave it in the bowl. Does anyone else use the bidet? No, why would no one else uses the daemon, the only one that likes it? Okay and now this is something you do or they don't tell me that, there's a girlfriend there with you, no no, no yeah cuz. She would break up with you as was years ago, but you so you you started the conversation by saying this is what people do and I want you to revise that. This is what I've been told by who told you that I I saw someone told me that I hope you soap, your butt on the bidet. How does water clean it well and high-pressured? It's like a power clean, but you still need some type of bro. You don't soap, your [ __ ] after you, wife ever you, you start with lead your [ __ ] to be so we're gonna eat your the first time they like walk your own yeah. This is part of the tour. They show you who's the soap they leave the Soleil of the soap inside. Yes, let the ship water flush yeah, you start with the water okay, so your butt is moist and then you, you use the soap and then you clean it out. There's no need for you to soap, your [ __ ], but don't you want it extra clean for what I don't know? Don't you want the brown to go bye-bye? That's it's a high-pressure power, wash that's how it works! I! Don't want to touch my [ __ ] that defeats the purpose. You understand that the minute you touch your [ __ ], the old the whole process is null and void. No youyou you're objectively wrong. Zack I. Need you to know this, be that as it may, I still have tried it. Okay and so did you what need to wash your hands afterwards? Oh of course yeah yeah. So you wash your butthole you're white you when you wipe it away with the bidet yeah, then you go and wash your hands correct. Are you concerned at all that you were just touching your shitty [ __ ] with your hand? No, because my butthole is clean. Now! Well, you but you've cut, but before you use the soap it was presumably dirty. No because I you got a wipe, so you see no brown. Why do you know what happens the next time you use it? Do you remember which side you can touch of the soap on which side you can touch? You gotta make a guess, I guess so you actually put the bar soap like now, and you actually touch your butthole with the bar, so yeah correct, and then you put it in the bowl that doesn't sound sanitary. The water touches your [ __ ] and it gets flushed what happens if there's a little bit of poop on the soap or like an [, __ ], hair, I'm gonna, ask you you make sure it's cleaning what about an ASP, you do and wash the soap yeah you would wash this you see when you're washing soap. You know you [ __, ] up when soap is so dirty. It needs to be washed. Do you understand that that doesn't that's wrong? Soap is mint. You can't wash soap set. Okay, do you ever get it? Do you ever see? [ __ ] people on the soap no, and if there was, would you just remove it with your hand? No I throw the soap out. You would one [ __ ] pube, that's enough, but you had [ __ ] on it. There was no brown on the soap, but it was in your butthole how deep in the butthole do you go when you put the soap? Not super. Do not super deep, so you go in a little bit. No I! Don't want like soap going directly on my butt. How many times have you done this once or twice once or twice? Okay, so you're, not exactly the authority. So yes, I was just I was just giving you an experience. Okay, thank you pass. This story should have started with, like you know what I, what I did once and did you? How does it feel getting the water shut at your [, __ ], it's pretty nice right, yeah I mean it's a little uncomfortable at first, but I loved it. It's kind of like it's very gratifying. Do you find it gets ticklish, yeah yeah, it's it's like a it's like a water, God tongue and tongue in your bottle, a water goddess. If I, if you were I've, been trying to get you to try it. Are you putting it off like yesterday, I pooped on your because you used it and they feel like nice, clothes? Okay. If I gets yours well, yeah, that's fine, I love! It you're missing out, though I'm impressed by how high-pressure it is. You seen those videos of those pressure washers where it's like. You see the dirty bricks and then they bring up the pressure. Wash is brand new, that's what I imagine is going on there. So there you go my bidet boy and I haven't used baby wipes. In a minute. We moved baby wipes, you're vegetarian Wow, I'm kind of the perfect, perfect citizen transcended. What else can I do? Oh and I can I use paper straws only cuz, I'm forced to and I hate them. However, your bowel movements been since the vegetarian diet um it's too early to tell you know it's only been four days: okay, but so far. Well, you know: I had a little diarrhea from some Mexican food, yeah I think we had some bad food or maybe it's just the spicy salsa always gives me the round. You know Mexican food is always such a gimbal. It's just the spicy food I. Think it really maybe really gets things flowing. Well. Be that as it may, we have a new show reviews there. Is this Dora's show no, the last one was worse for sure, but we did go on this. The last one was worse. Let's talk about the Mandalorian, the Mandalorian is the new Disney Plus show it apparently came out this morning at 3:00 a.m. but I downloaded Disney Plus last night at 10 o'clock in preparation to watch it in the morning and I got in no problem and I watched. The show last night at 10:00 was amazing that first of all I had no interest in getting Disney Plus at all. How Zek screw these greedy Sons of Guns Disney there? They are so money hungry these guys they are all Mickey Mouse on the streets and all Mick Scrooge in the sheets. Thank you. So I was not ready to to shell out more money for another monthly service, but I'll tell you. I was pleasantly surprised. It's only six dollars a month, though. Okay, that's fine, I log in there there's actually good a lot of good stuff there, including the entire National Geographic catalogue, which is really cool. I, know and honestly, they've got all all their movies and [ __ ] I. Don't really care about that stuff, but I put on the first episode of the mandalorian and I'm gonna. Tell you guys the honest truth: I'm a lukewarm Star Wars fan all the new Star Wars I really didn't like that. Much they're, just they're they're kind of campy and stupid and lame the original Star Wars I like very much. This is thought this is the most Star Wars thing I've seen since the original films. Everything about it is Star Wars, the universe, the vibe, the feeling the character. The production value was insanely high. The practical effects like there's I'm not going to do any spoilers here, but it's high. It's like high, cutting-edge movie level, like the the prosthetics and the practical effects like of that green alien at the beginning. I was like this looks insane I was so impressed and I got to tell you guys the honest truth. There I get I, give it a 10 out of 10 the first step, I loved everything about it. It was fun. It was Star Wars as how the movie looked amazing. It didn't it felt it's not a movie, so the show, if I mean it was just it was so incredible, was so beautiful. The pacing was great. The characters was great. There's like a robot in there, which is the first robot I've actually liked. Since the original. You know all these new sequels there, oh they're, just trying so hard to force all these Star Wars strobes, like here's, a here's, Jar Jar Binks he's like the new wookie and here's three. What was the name of the little droid in the new ones? Bbbb a beat. Here's bb-8 he's a cute kawaii robot. It's like they try so hard to hit all these tropes from the original, but they just look. It ends up so forced in my opinion here, they've got a robot that feels Star, Wars and original and he's funny and awesome, and it's and I was like dude I love this robot, so sick. The character I mean everything about this. They just they they nailed everything and it takes a minute to get into it. For someone like me, I feel like I, wasn't sure you looked all asleep. I did fall asleep, but then we watched again here in the morning. You were tired, you were you already I'm, a mom yeah I know but like but I did love that part with the robot yeah I'm sold I mean so I thought it was fantastic and I can't wait to to see where the series goes. I love the production, it looks amazing, but it was very rewarding to like a lot of the first episodes are just kind of like they just lackluster. They just don't take you there, but this episode not only delivered on everything else. It took me there. It delivered and it got me excited and pumped for this series. It just gets better and better. As a episode, I loved it I'm in I'm a Mandalorian I'm, a bounty hunter gotta go put on my mask and I'm never gonna. Take it off and I'm gonna go hunt Bradbury's your guys's thoughts back here, yeah yeah I, really liked it too I wouldn't like I, guess my only reservation which it didn't ruin it for me at all. But yeah I mean it like. You said they're clearly trying to hit the vibes of the original trilogy, much more than the prequels or or whatever the sequel, trilogy, I guess, you'd call it the new ones. At times I kind of felt like it was trying a little too hard cuz like there's so many references to the original movies. Just in I mean what was it a half hour and like they were coming so fast that at times it was just like. Oh there's another, you know it felt well. Well, just like the the aliens in the towns or whatever I mean I. You know there was like the dude with the elephant, nose, yeah and they're, using like the exact same sound effects from a new hope and when he shows up at the door, it's like the little job. A palace like little eyeball thing comes out. It didn't bother me. Those are a small thing: I'm, a little fanservice, I'm I! Guess that's what it is. It was a little heavy on the fanservice. It didn't ruin it for me at all and I agree like I loved it. I thought it was an and just as far as like a pilot for a television show, one of the best pilots I've, seen a long time like in in terms of what a pilot supposed to do sucking you in you know getting you hooked on and interested to see where it goes. Next, blah blah blah, so yeah I mean I, wouldn't give it like a 9 out of 10 a 9 out of 10. You and Dan not get a couple points just for the Phantom dude over indulgence of the fan, sir 9 out of 10 is a is a strong yes strong grade yeah and I I'm I'm, pretty much the same as you I loved Star Wars growing up the prequels I kind of liked when I was a kid, but you know it wasn't super hot on them and then just I really have not loved these new movies at all the first one I liked the last one was just [ __ ]. It was just dog, [, __, ], dog, [, __, ] yeah, the tip the blue tip milk. The lot throwing the lightsaber I didn't wanna get into it because it gets me so upset just awful yeah, yeah and but you know so I so I went in with fairly low expectations, but I did too, but I had heard. Uh I've got a buddy who actually worked on it and he wasn't. You know he was very tight-lipped, he's under NDA and couldn't really say anything, but he had told me he was like this show is gonna, be good trust me and he was right. He was right, it was [, __, ], good I thought it was so it's like it's about on par with the last season of Game of Thrones. What's the budget per episode, Dan I think it was like 12.5 million I'm impressed that they're able to was on westward in that budget to what's. World was up there, but not quite that high, but getting the last season game thrones and this stupid show that I mean I. Guess it's not stupid a lot of people watching, but this show the crown I don't know if you guys, whatever no has an absolutely insane budget. Netflix, just diarrhea's money, I mean I. I, know people liked it, but how is the crown on the same budget levels, Game of Thrones and Star Wars? What they spend money on? Did they buy real crowds and I? Remember we talked about this last time. This came up and random leave the show er back in the day, huh, what's also like, because I think they were paying George Clooney like three million dollars in episode or something insane to be honest. Oh so that's up there with the highest -, but yeah I mean the thing is: is that I think for this is probably the most expensive first season of a show ever because usually a show has to thank ya hit before they're willing to put this much money into it, but I think they were so confident that it was going to be good, that they just don't I, think what's more, it is - and that range it's up there. It's a hundred million for the first season. Wow was 25 million Oh. Then the per episode it's like between a tenth and I wonder if they got the return on on West Road. If it got them the results, they're, looking I thought that shows Finn I love, it I love it yeah. Well, anyway, we are digressing. The Mandalorian is great Disney did it. They got me interested and Plus, which I never in a million years. Thought would ever be a case. This is your low-grade cosplay. You know, and I am looking for very cool to smelt some metal to put on my shoulder and upgrade my status as a candy and share your thoughts. If you would I thought it was phenomenal how to give it a 10 out of 10. Are you very good, and you know Ian's got to do it to you now Ian's a hater as usual. So let's hear what the hater has to stay out of the bunch. I don't mean to be a hater all the time. I don't want to be it's fine. We need. We need the devil's advocate as they as N likes to point out. F tear easy [Music]. Why don't you guys just talk to the robot? What's the point, so you got you give it an a I. Didn't I just talked to the AI. You go ahead, though. Tell me what you actually thought. It just felt a little kind of shallow to me a little bit. It felt kind of like, like traveling, through a ride at Disneyland and you're, seeing the cool stuff but and I love going on those rides and things like that. That's how it feels, but I don't really feel connected to anybody on this show, and maybe that's something to do with the helmet, because I'm not seeing an actor expressing emotion and and all that, but it felt kind of like cartoony, almost in a way that isn't really my type of stuff but I see why people like it- and it looks really good I- feel like Ian and then I I can't also see the excitement. I mean it's a little corny I acknowledge that. But it's good I mean so is the original Star Wars go back and watch that you know I mean I mean I. He does have a point in that in this pilot, the main character does not get an enormous amount of characterization I mean there's one I guess we should be. If you, if you really don't want spoilers, you should probably I mean we're not gonna explicitly know, don't say any spot we're good already. You don't have to spoil you know, okay, so there's that there's a little bit of a flashback sequence that happens, that hints that were gonna get some more story from him. But it's true he's he's pretty he's pretty much a blank slate even at the end, and that flashback thing felt so lazy I feel like I've seen that, like the flashback was kind of it's very trophy, it's very trophy, but but so was the original Star Wars and that's kind of the thing I. Don't necessarily dock it for that, because this felt like it was trying to be a space Western and the in the same way that the original was trying to be a space like a Buck Rogers. You know 1930 space adventure thing, and so on that level I mean yeah. It felt like a it felt like a cool Western to me, but we'll have to see where the rest, it's the first episode. You know the first episode we'll see where how the rest of it goes. I first think they'd never fallen with the helmet I like seeing that I like the whole thing that they've got going on those Mandalorians I identify with that I feel that it's it's I like the mystery there's so much to learn about him in the Mandalorians, I, think, they're, cool bounty, hunters and probably beautiful souls and I would like to join their race of Mandalorian bounty hunters totally with that being said, I think that completes our review of the Mandalorian so check it out. Yeah I think it was great and you feel free to pirate it too. It's not a big deal. You don't have to get Disney Plus. Okay, did you like the look of Disney Plus, the layout and yeah? It seemed fine. I mean I, didn't explore it that much I just clicked mendel yeah their video player. Like crashed one of our computers. When we were trying to really I heard a lot of people were having trouble really. Okay, I was when I saw just a fluke, but we even rebooted the computer. We were trying to watch it on the TV out here in the control room and every time we would open their video player. The computer would go nuts and start turning off monitors yeah. When I went on Twitter earlier it was like Disney Plus failed yeah, that's what I saw I, don't know if it's just that they're they have a lot of traffic or what I mean like I said: I didn't expect to be able to watch it yesterday at 10:00 p.m. it was fantastic, I think I think it was yeah, City, I, think la for whatever reason they launched it early here. Well, anyway, yeah bootlegging I don't give a [ __ ]. Just it's good to watch it they're. Not sponsoring me pirate that [ __ ] I, don't give a [ __ ], don't do that I paid for it. Alright I use expressvpn wings yeah. Exactly thank you, Dan the way to tie it in if you're gonna pirate it use expressvpn cuz those Disney guys are [ __, ], crazy man. They will come after you, the expressvpn comm /h, 3 sonic made it the new trailer. So you guys remember that Sonic, the Hedgehog got a lot of crap for the way that sanic looked and they released the new trailer they redesigned, the body and I have to say: I mean here's the before and after of the same shot that first one was so remarkably as I'm looking just uncanny freaky just so off I mean this is by the way the new one actually looks great I'm totally into it. But what do you see like their bodies side by side? That's when you really couldn't he's like Slenderman body, I swear to God like I. Would not this one? Everybody hang on. Nobody, panic! You look, keep it together. There keep it together here this one to me, showcases, look how freakish it looks like a dude in a suit. It looks like a dude in a sonic suit. No am I crazy. It's still not like the new one. Well, it's more true to the you know: it's it's much better. It is better I, don't know how anyone improved the one on the left just looks awful. It's a dude in a sonic suit. It looks like some dude killed. Sonic took skinned him alive. Well, you know one or the other right skinned him and put on his fur, but you don't like it well, let's watch the trailer. You can see him side by side. I think we did get dinged when we watch the original because of the music and we don't need a train. I was wondering for some way here. You can mute it I'm, gonna, open it. Cuz, I'm I, know wonder. If there's some way we can like do. Cuz oh [, __ ], like I, don't know if they'll be able to auto, detect it. If I. If I recall the original had that Coolio song in it the Kings right yeah, so this one has a song in it as well. So it's more about the song than the trailer I'll watch it like this I, don't forgive [, __, ], brilliant I'll do I'll, do the mouse over it and I'll go detecting big dicks, not gonna, connect that how no sound effect it aid sonic, yeah, [, __, ], okay! This is awful so that it starts with Sonic doing a bunch of team sports by himself. I'm like this dude is lonely as hell he's playing ping pong by himself. He was playing baseball by himself where he hits it and then pitches it to himself. It goes to the outfield I mean it's ultimately I I, it's a kids movie. You know so, but you know it's the same actor from West world, so I thought it was. It was a funny joke to say that it's a weird expansion upon the West world world. How do you rate that joke Gila? Alright, alright, thank you, huh, not a good rate that was some serious [, __ ], but there you have it I, think it looks way better. I like the way it looks yeah. Well, it's subtle hate. It I mean it's Sonic I! Don't like this kind of animation. Yeah I mean it only looks like the character now, whereas it didn't at all. Just don't like this three, the kind of character. I, don't know what to call it. Yeah hate that uh. It reminds me of the the Pokemon movie that came out last year that bugged you to know little Pikachu right. Well, there you have it people of fans of Sonic. Well, people are very happy that they listened better for sure and revised it so at great cost, I'm sure in pain. This is done to the studio. I agree and, like I mean I was shocked. Man when I went on reddit this morning, I mean people are really showing paramount love they it's got. Seventy thousand points is on the front page. What a way to turn the bad news into good news right I mean they really I. Guess I got a tip the beanie to them for biting the bullet there. This movie needs to do so. [ __ ]. Well, for it to not be underwater they're like canteen, they spend so much money. I, don't see it happening, but maybe I had to redo the entire movie. Think about that, like the visual effects, everything I think that it's going to I think it's gonna do very well, there's been so much press and now people are all stoked that it looks good like if you go to the YouTube video, the the like ratio is overwhelmingly positive, there's getting tons that just came out this morning. It's got five million views, I mean look at the like ratio, it's like fantastic, so we'll see if people but I want to bet that it's not gonna. Do that good. We should take that I feel like that drama is now over. Well, remember we actually we all like now. No one actually cares about saying right. Then we did take votes we made predictions about. We need to revise that. Well, what we had we had bet on what we thought the Rotten Tomatoes were, would be no, but it was before they announced that they were gonna redo. Everything can you bring those scores up and we can remove I'll. Take it up. I think I said it was gonna, go to zero, no I, think I said like 15 or something like that yeah. We were all we were all shooting, pretty low, I need to revise it. I think. Is it gonna do successfully at the box office? That's another question. I think you might be right. Cuz I'll tell you. I have no interest in watching this film exactly, but a lot of people seem to want to watch it. There's anyone they just really want to watch it. I think I think it was all about the drama and now now it's over I was never a saved. A kid. I didn't really play the Sonic games. All that much so I. Don't have that much attachment to it. I think Ian is a big sonic. Dude, though you know, you're gonna watch this film. No, oh okay, are you Sonic? No, yes, I would have gone when it was really bad. Cuz, I think that'd be funny. No I don't want to go anymore. No one's gonna watch it Wow Zach you're, not gonna watch this are you no I have no interest at all. Oh wow that'll be crazy. That's gonna be crazy. I! Think a lot of kids are gonna, want jobs are gonna, wanna walk, but the thing is here's what I'm confused about and correct me if I'm wrong? Well, they get their money back. I, don't know after redoing everything. Well, here's something you can. Maybe guys can answer me when we were kids Sonic was part of our lives is nostalgic. This is a kids movie. None of us won't watch it our kids these days playing Sonic. Do they care about Sonic? That's a good point. I mean they're supposed to be us. There have still been Sonic games coming out over the years, but I don't think they're very knowledgeable right. So when we were kids, it was Sonic versus Mario. They were when he was as big as Mario, but yeah, not so much anymore. Here we go I like the Hedgehog rotten tomato predictions Ethan, you said 12, you know you said: 20 was it, but did we do like what the fans are gonna give it tomatoes, I'm, gonna, revise mine to 50 because they have like fan rating and critic. This is critic yeah. This was critic. Rating I can yeah I. Think I'm gonna revise it to 50% I, keep mine at 20, because I think the critics will appreciate that they went through the effort. Honey, that's very low. That's like remarkably low yeah, I. Think yeah. That's a for showing appreciation! Yes, it should be lower than 20, but they're pretty wise lower. But now instead it's staying at 20, okay, I'm 50! You guys want to revise Ian, you are up 14, [Music], I, don't know bump it up to 36 there. You go Zach you at 35. Oh, are you giving 55 55 I was at the zero? Yes am I I mean that trailer did look pretty cringy I, don't know I. Obviously it's not gonna, be it's gonna be I'm. Still gonna go under 50, I'm gonna go 40, I! Think it's gonna, be it's gonna, be bad yeah, I think it's still gonna be and the question is box office. Is this gonna be like a mega duty flop? Well again, I don't think it's gonna be a mega duty flop, but considering how much they have to spend now exactly like the budget of the movie has got to be insane. So it's passing again, it has to be like a smash hit for them to not lose money on it. I'm pretty sure so, we'll see see what happens unless it wasn't as expensive. As you think then. According to this, the budget was only 90 million. Is that before or after the redoing at all, though, let's see hmm, let's see here hmm and you got to consider -, so it's it's may have been 90 million image. Originally then they've redone all of the special effects, but what they've also had to do is have two marketing campaigns, because they had a whole roll out for this movie already last year and all the outcry happened and now they're gonna be advertising. This [ __ ] out of it again, here's the thing, I really gotta, like quadruple that 90 million know, even though yeah, because the marketing is almost always the same as the budget of the movie, they would be marketing the film regardless I mean it's not coming out till 2020 I bet you they're gonna end up spending like 400 350 million total wrong I, don't think so, I, don't think so. I think maybe it would go like 30% what it was at most well, regardless 90 millions less than I ate than I expected and I'll. Tell you what it's fairly low I think this movie's gonna make money, maybe or maybe it's a total flop. I'm very curious to know. I'm watching I'm gonna be watching closely February 14th 2020 find out in three months or so, hopefully they sponsor Alan time stay romantic. It did really wait. That's got like small box office numbers where the [ __ ] is gonna. Take their date to see Sonic, that's just so weird either you want to go on Valentine's Day, we're on our date. Already, let's get a nice nice meal and see sanic interesting, well, III, don't know I'm on the fence. It's it's either! It's not gonna, be a smash hit. That's for sure it's either gonna barely make a money or it's gonna, be a colossal flop. So that'll be fascinating. Here's a surprise for you guys everybody watch closely. This is really a vital information, Jeffrey Epstein being deposed. Could you please give us your name? Jeffrey Epstein. Is it true, sir, that you have what's been described as an egg-shaped penis? These types of questions are not only argumentative but directly to the manager embarrassed mr. Epstein, if you continue with this type of question, I will adjourn the deposition immediately, sir. According to the police department's probable cause affidavit, one witness described your penises oval-shaped and claimed when arrested. It was thick towards the bottom yeah, but was thin and small towards the head portion and called it egg-shaped. Those are not my words I apologize, but as mr. adjourned, as mr. critten has stated that this is it that's a hell of a way to open it. How about that about that? I thought that was fantastic. Can we I mean I feel like that's like I mean I, know they're talking about his penis, but I feel like that's the cleanest Epstein video we can watch. You know what I mean I, just that's a hell of a way to to pose someone I wonder what he was looking for. Okay, he's like yeah, my penis is shape. That's like well I mean obviously because there's a it was a police report yeah, but but what is he trying to get at he's just trying to confirm the police report? I mean yeah, it's like you know. If they can accurately describe his penis. That means they saw it. Could I have different tactics like they're trying to annoy you on purpose. Well, did I, guess it backfired by the way he could be like well I. You know you can say whatever you want a deposition, no I wouldn't describe it as an egg. I would describe it as large and glorious under oath yeah, no you're, not under oath. No, no, you sure you can lie in a deposition. You don't want to lie, but if you then, then you were under your. You know: you'll, look bad when, when it's reread to the court but you're not under deposition, you know it depends. If you're in a grand jury, you are under oath, but I'd like a deposition in a lawsuit you're, not under oath. If their position is the taking of an oral statement of a witness under oath before trial. Thank you. I think I didn't know, I didn't know, I didn't know, I didn't take an oath when I was deposed, oh well. Maybe it's different was that a civil suit, yeah I wasn't a criminal, so I guess maybe it's different I just I just pulled up the deaf mean I, remember I, don't know, I heard I've never been deposed, so you I, guess you're no better than me um. Whatever yeah I mean you can you can I? Don't I think that the shape of one's penis is up for interpretation anyway. I, don't think an egg shape is all that video pop up I. Don't think someone sent it to me. An email I was I I'm telling you I remember asking the attorneys, so somebody asked you can't lie. That's the whole point. That's why they tried to get you there. They asked you one thing and then they'll come back to it again. Well, they just want to show you as dishonest and then they can play it for the court. But if it's a civil suit, what are they going to arrest you for for lying? It's different in a criminal, whatever I am bears, he's got an egg-shaped penis, that's the point of the video we want he was. He was not willing to confirm its thick at the base and it could become short at the top. Like a like a caution cone, it's like a bad dragon, dildo a lot of people. Look that up and watch the podcast people close to me, and they were expressing surprise to me about the bad dragons. I was taken aback I, don't think anyone, but you knew about it. Come on everybody out there knows was act, knows what I'm talking about even Zack. Did he? What you know about the bad dragons? No I was the first time I heard of it I. Only one I heard about the Avatar shaped flesh light like the alien, but no dragon. So weird I'll people are into the Avatar thing. I always thought the avatar aliens looks so weird yeah, but to go back to the point it sounds like no one else knew about it: I, don't know what to say: I've seen it all over the Internet. What does that? Wear on reddit I mean and okay when I'm looking at porn it pops up in my feet. Like all the time it's recommended, you see some girl, [, __, ], identical people I'm, not watching anything, crazy, I'm telling you the truth. It's just a girl, no I thought you know: I'm I'm, not I'm, I'm, just blown away that there's a market for that I mean, and sometimes you just click it at a sheer morbid curiosity- and you see you're like what is going on. It's like this huge alien tentacles and some of them are enormous, like I know that that was scary, I'm going back in right now, it's fascinating. It's like there's disgusting, there's ones that are like giant horse, [, __ ] and they shoot a ton of like they have it rigged, so they squirt a ton of like jizz out like buckets of it. Everyone watching knows talking about. No, no, it's the way. You're talking about me. Everybody knows what I'm talking about. Zack knows he's just embarrassed, because his girlfriend no I really have never heard about this. I love the mystic, the mystic. We got this like unicorn horn and it's like rainbow I think that there's one there's one that um there's one that you see a lot. That's like it's like the monster like drop mother dragon, one, that's like I mean it's like I, don't know it's dan, sound too judgmental, don't don't keep shame people that want a [, __, ] dreck I point out lesson: there's one called The Winston tongue. This is just the grossest. Can you say it's me on this Court, it's not gonna open on the don't show the screen. Oh I can see it. You yeah wait. Let me open this so hope. I want to know how big is this I want to get us huge. So let me describe this tour yeah. Oh there's a size selector. This is taking a long time to load extra large websites very busy. Why do they cut a Winston's tongue ever since the podcast, because there's a there's, an overwatch character called Winston? This is what I'm assuming Winston overwatch. It's not loading. I, don't know the comments to tell them knew about this before yeah go ahead, I mean and be honest. You guys don't throw me under the bus. Make me look like an idiot. Just be honest. You've heard a bad dragon or be honest. If you're done be honest because you all do it, their websites are God, yeah, weird I, don't know we cry yeah. We loaded right up for me: they're not used to having more than two people at a time after your easy. So we've got. Let's see here, a plane crash is added to the list of gender-reveal catastrophes. No incident occurred when a pilot flew a crop, duster style plane at a low altitude in order to drop 350 gallons of pink water as part of a gender-reveal celebration immediately after dropping the water, the plane stalled and crashed sustaining damage to its fuselage and right wing. A photo from the incident shows the mangled plane upside down in a field. I guess the person survived, because that's good, but actually I have bad news for you, because in October an Iowa woman was killed at a gender-reveal party after a family in inverted Lee created a pipe bomb authorities say last year in Arizona, wow I, guess they they they always celebrate the gender. Let's kill the mom or kill the aunt. Let's fill your heart, we didn't like that. That was a shitty on anyway. You won't miss her mommy. What happened to aunt auntie Roberta? Oh well, she died at your uh at your gender-reveal party, you're bombed Sam's party October and Iowa woman was also killed at a gender-reveal party and her family in a row. I read that last year no an Arizona wildfire that burned 47 thousand acres of land was sparked by a gender-reveal smoke bomb. What is this? Popeyes I have more Popeyes violence by the way, some really good stuff happen at Popeyes, I was I was unsure. I see that the ones that you have in there and Manson had one man was stabbed to death over an argument that Popeyes. Actually this is a great story. I mean I. Don't have any images so I'll just read the story to you, but it's fantastic people are dying in Popeyes mean this is a national crisis. This is a [ __ ] emergency. Listen to this man was stabbed to death Monday at a Maryland Popeyes CNN I'll read, article Kevin 28 was stabbed outside the rest. This is actually great. He was pronounced dead at the hospital surveillance. Footage showed several people were waiting in line yeah. Well, I'll tell you know it's justice, it is justice and you guys are gonna feel you guys are gonna get a sense when I'm talking about shows people were waiting in line for the chicken sandwiches when Davis entered the store and methodically started cutting in line. Haven't you ever confront fantasize about confronting one of these guys I always do well a man confronted Davis about his conduct and 15 seconds later the two went out of the restaurant door to settle the score. Davis was stabbed Jesus. How does the conversation lead to homicide in 15 seconds? Someone asked the chief called the stabbing a pointless crime. Well, he cut in line to get a chicken sandwich from the guy who he said. Let's settle the score. [ __ ] was stabbed. You him carved you up like a piece of chicken. How do you stop lying to death over that? He probably got an unlucky stab. You know what I mean probably got him in a good spot tender spot police are looking for the suspect who fled with a girl, so they were probably just went to the next closest Popeyes. Did they looked at the other Popeyes in the area? Cuz? If you wanna kill over Popeyes, you want Popeyes you're going to the finesse Popeye yeah I can't believe you bailed after that. In a statement, Popeye said they were saddened by the stabbing, but they will not ever stop selling their chicken sandwiches and they are secretly stoked about how dank their sickens chicken sandwiches are. We do not yet know whether this was a result. Overspeed dispute over one of our products- oh it was come on. Look at the room, look at them, so there you go, I mean the guy cut in line and he got what was coming to what's going on parfaits there's another one I mean there's a video that I think it's probably too violent, but I'll play the volume for you. So there's again, a white woman goes to Popeyes in the wrong neighborhood: hey, listen, the audio I'm not going to show you guys. This is too violent. You got this white woman she's calling them the n-word. There's a bunch of black people there, not only black people as we as we discussed last episode of people [Music], but mostly black people. She's seems to be the whole name. I mean she seems his only wife but she's old, too, and sterile to asking her to leave and she just being her I mean she's, really really being nasty, calling them to n-word, not leaving. They keep asking her to leave. This goes on and on and on she's being a total [, __ ] I, don't even know what they're arguing about so then we go outside now there's when it gets good. We have a separate shot from the phone outside the Popeyes she's being chased out now the lady's punching her. What happened in that Popeyes was. She called them, then word but I wonder if she did something violent too, because they weren't violent, but now it cuts the next scene and one of the girls is punching this old lady and the other guy, just body slams her. Could you see that Dan we didn't show it, but you saw it yeah I've seen this video I mean it's insane. She gets. No, you can't I. Just have the video and I've seen it before. Not so I mean he put on the screen for you there to see if she hasn't seen it, we won't say: I, won't: okay, okay, but anyway, yeah I mean this big guy just grabs this old lady picks her up over his head and body. Slabs are I mean probably may have killed her yes, she's all I, don't know why she didn't leave earlier, though she was really pushing them to the limit I'm, not justifying it, but pop I, just crazy I'm, not gonna I mean dude. Popeyes is crazy, puppies, just Fight Club crazy. What's going on there, man make the sandwich a little. That's good I know they gotta tone it down. Here's a dry bond or something as Popeyes. This good I mean what is happening. What's the best sandwich when we tried okay, but is it worth getting bodyslam though no is working stabbed to death over? So you have a should we talk about the conversation that regarding the Popeyes cuz I know you haven't made an email for my phone. Oh yeah I got an email from an African American who wanted to comment on my on my a comment that black people love, Popeyes and I- didn't say that for the record, Dan said that Dan put that out there dan said black people, love Popeyes I did say that I actually talked to this van cuz. They emailed me as well. So here we go this from an African American fan chiming in they said in regards to black people of Popeyes comment that Ethan and Dan made well again that was Dan who made that just for the record, I personally want to say that I abhor Popeyes I have memories as a child. My mom, taking me pop by as far too often I'd, ask her just to let me get a side of dirty rice. What's dirty rice, I, don't like the sound of that, but a response. I have always hear that's not enough. You got to eat and I'd end up with large hunks of fried poultry in front of me. Alas, all black people do not think feel or taste in unanimity. Unanimity is that yes, Union unanimity. Yes, this was just my experience. However, I do challenge you that all that you all @hp maybe try to dismantle and rebuild your views on black people and fried chicken. It's a stereotype, rooted in a slavery to try to make this brief. Slaves were typically only allowed to raise chickens as opposed to other farm animals. This mutually generally there. It was only protein that most of them had experienced in cooking, as you could only cook. One type of meat you'd make it as good as possible. Frying chicken worked out pretty well because it kept better when spoil is quickly and they were able to experiment more seasoning, which added the factor of batter even after slavery was abolished, recipes were down and fried chicken continued to be a stable of black families. Despite white people also enjoying fried chicken nope yeah people do white people do not like fried [, __, ], okay, of course, white people. Everybody loves fried chicken, it's delicious, but the South still being extremely racist. There was a lot of imagery depicting black people eating chicken and exaggerated ways. This reinforces the racial stereotype of black people being dirty. Well, they don't. Okay, because it's food you have to eat with your hands. I won't go on much longer, but it's always been weird to me that why people are more than ready to consume their fair share, fried chicken of which recipes have been honed through over the centuries of oppression, but are the first to say black people love fried chicken. Back in the day we had to love it. I wish fried chicken was food that we could all enjoy together. Free of racial divide, much love, Papa bless, keep it real and keep it teddy fresh and by the way Briella. Who thank you for writing us in where's, Brielle, Brielle Brielle, pronounced briella because she's got a he at the end, Brielle, just not okay, Brielle I'm, not good. With this stuff, PS I've been a I haven't been in Popeyes 13 years. Maybe it's better not well. Apparently it is apparently dan. You erased the anecdote about her being interested in you. What did you do that didn't seem relevant to the conversation, but she wrote it dan? What are you doing? What do you mean? It didn't seem relevant to the conversation. What kind of insanity? What is he doing? How could you do this? We won't read it, but I got a city aside by information. I get well because it was about me I would say I'm irrelevant at least live it, and we won't read it because it was about you, you get to censor it. That's not how this works. She's, saying by the way it wasn't like she was exposing you. She said if dance the next Bachelor I want to apply because I think because I find him attractive, but why would you erase that I feel? Like that's a good detail? Why did you erase that because I'm telling you, because it is not relevant to the conversation about the chickens, let us so hold on hold on? Is it you didn't erase it because it wasn't relevant to the chicken? That's the only reason you erased it. Yeah I! Think that it's flattering. Why would you want to erase something that was flattering to you? Do you often get people writing and saying talk to them, because that seems like self-serving to put something like that: I'm, the one I remembered that detail and that's why I wanted to bring it up. I thought that was the best part of the letter. Well also for me, I want to hear that kind of feedback, because, let's feedback on the show, someone actually is interested in the continuation of the bachelor yeah, weird at three I, see I see Kim well, I mean do you want me to yes, I want to I, want the full letter? Okay and how dare you censor the suppression, all the after we're talking about unity, white and black people, eating fried chicken together and you're. Censoring her uh I want to say one block fans Rodin come on. Let's see the comment: I put it in discord discord. He said on a total different. No, this is the redacted version. A total different note is Dan. If Dan is the star the next season of the h3 bachelor, despite his racial views on people of color, please consider me as the first contestant, because he is honestly cute. Af I really enjoy consumer of his voice and his reasonable opinions. She also put her Instagram. Did you look at it? I did not. You are [ __ ] lying you come on. The girl write. You and say she thinks you're cute I know you have a girl, then doesn't happen to be singles no I know, but even still you want to know what she looks like no wait, then, unless you want to tell us something what I don't get messages from people saying they like me, oh yeah, you do from ooh and if you do you better, not look at them I, don't all my my dams have been closed for years. I don't take take on, but I don't expect them to look at it because he has a girlfriend, but your cure. I looked at it. I was curious. What she looked like: okay, well, that's kind of different, because what I expected or this I know, but it doesn't matter, he should be curious to how he sure does he's especially can't even look. You know the words The Bachelor and start foaming. Are you serious? Yes? Why would it it's like he's a spectator too in a way? No, so why can he I look, but he can because it's different she's not interested in you, but it still holds the same interest to him at me. No, you know what I'm saying: no, it doesn't mean he want he's a he's unfaithful in any way. It just means he's curious what she looks like the same way. I am well. Do you see what I'm saying I wasn't curious? That's the damn that I would have a problem with it. I'm gonna put down on a lie-detector test [Music]. Well, maybe you should go on a lady detective test. Mmm I said I looked at it with the bad dragon. I have met, I'll tell you, I have met in my whole career, never got one email from a fan, saying good everybody now that they don't wanna mess with me. Oh I, like this new possessive either, but I thought you would agree. Why should then look at someone? If he's in a relationship is not like wandering eye, it is no I swear to god. It's not like that. It is what is it, but you admit that I can look at it. Out of curiosity. I did look at it, but that's different, but Dan should all. It can also be curious from the same perspective. You just curious who's. Reading this letter. No, you know I'm right and I disagree. You guys want to chime in on this. No I don't want to get between. Not you. You don't feel calm man you're you're in the middle of this, but did you not look because you felt like you're obligated to not look I mean somewhat, but also just you know, I saw that part of the letter and was like oh I'm, flattered or whatever, and then I moved on, because I loved there you go. Of course, I would look in there and not been Zack. Well, I mean if you, if you're faithful to someone like if you're in a committed relationship. Why windows up you know I'm, it's not window shopping. Just it's part of the story. You want to know who's. Writing the letter. You're, not gonna, you're, not gonna, seriously, consider being like hey I'm, hey thanks for the letter. How you doing you're know, that's that's a whole other level. That's not just looking I mean you have no intention of doing anything other than just seeing who wrote this letter and don't think you would look. I would look if there was an Instagram I would look. I did if they worry. If this was about you, though I would look, it was about anyone. I would look, I would go look if it was about anyone. A wannabe because you're like thinking from the show perspective, I, don't know but I'll. Definitely look you know, I'm faithful, you know, I would never do. I know you are but I'm learning, new things. I know you're, faithful, but I still think I can't even look at who wrote the letter, because what is the purpose you're gonna check if she is attractive or not mm-hmm, and what if she is, that's it? But what good is that gonna do to anyone? If she was? If this was about you, it doesn't do any good. You're, just curious, I think that's wrong. Oh, come on, I do well, I never get letters like that. Well, I mean you wouldn't look at their profile if it was just some goofy dude right, there's like I'm I am I. Would okay, yeah, I'm I, don't know sure no I would I'm genuinely curious like if a guy wrote a letter said: hey I want to [ __ ] Dan I would look at his profile, oh good. What kind of dude is Dan pulling I would I would I want to see who twos you know, I want to see who's what's dampen some good, dick or not. You guys all think I'm way off base here. Does everyone disagree with me? It's I mean not as much as I'm, not your wife. So you know it's a different. Coming from me, I mean I, I! Guess if you were curious, you know I'm, not gonna fault you for that, but I also, don't think you should be so shocked that I I mean I I. Just I read this through this email once I even responded to her there's much I love about it to erase it Dan because I'm trying to move the show. Look. What's this look? What's happened now? That's not your! That's! Not your decision to move the show. Oh I, just I I said that I was Dan you against her further dialogue. Knowing she was interested about about the past. I said that I said that you're totally right. The way that I articulated that was really clumsy and didn't have a lot of nuance and what I really meant use so hold on hold on and after she expressed I, really like his reasonable opinions and the timbre of his voice and so Dan further the conversation with her I didn't think about I, didn't think about responding. She said I respond, but I respond I'm, the one who goes through these emails that she's attracted to him- and you know what I said I said: I'm very humbled, but I'm not interested in putting myself up through the torture that iam went through I'm, happily in a relationship at the moment. Moment anyways, but thank you! Hmm! You addressed it. Yeah I, don't believe Dan didn't look at it. I do I! Just really didn't even I didn't expect this to become a 30-minute segment on the podcast. You know I had a lot of emails to get through, I was I was cranking these out. You saw the bit last bachelor. You expected this to not have it hold on, but I'm, just like I'm, not going through the torture wait hold on, am I just crazy here in sac youjizz. Anyone back me up here that you can look at a curiosity. What does it mean? Anything I think it's for the show just to be curious, but yeah. Let me put it this way. First of all, my dams have been closed for years and I have never looked through my open dams, but it, but first of all, even if you're looking through your open, dm's I, think that's a problem. I've never done that. Yeah there's a problem. Ok, but if somebody sends me looking through your open, D yeah well, like unsolicited dams, you're like looking for you're looking through them. No that's funny. I, look through mine, I, get a lot of tips for people, send videos and stuff for the podcast right. It's different for you, guys, I guess so. For me, it's just fans to million followers. So it's just fancy you, you expect to get weird stuff in the open DMS. You know what I mean so, first of all, that's been closed for years, okay, illa, because, obviously that that would be weird now somebody sent an email. First of all, I've never got email like this. Somebody sent me an email said: I find you really attractive yeah, nobody would I'm married the whole context, changes and I don't get what's the point? Okay! Well, because if somebody sends me an email saying, hey I find you really attractive yeah. The context is like oh I want I, want you to cheat on Ehlo with me yeah. So obviously that's not something I'm receptive to and I wouldn't. But if you take the step of checking their Instagram profile, it is a problem because you are opening. You are taking a step into the bad direction versus not even going there at all. That's how I think about it, but I looked at because I an if she first of all, I've, never done this for the record so but I think Dan looked at it and I. Think I don't think he looked at it. I looked at it, I'm fine, I'm, fine with it I looked at it. I don't feel guilty about it. So why did she look like normal? Well, I! Don't want to make she's pretty I don't want to make her. She was pretty. What can I say you shouldn't ask she's pretty she's a nice girl. You could have married her dan would like. Why do you expect to see that's the problem? I'm just curious, who sent the letter? There's no wind engine, there's no intention of anything beyond that. First of all, we're talking completely hypothetically I've. Never done this I! Don't get emails like this. If you got one tomorrow, you would learn. I would probably look so, but it's but green cedar. No, both conversation, people don't send emails like that to me, but if somebody man I, don't know if somebody said hey, Ethan you're really attractive you're on the next season of Bachelor. What would the email be like go ahead and read it to me? What do you man, if somebody sent me a note, said: okay, Ethan, you're, really attractive, I! Think that you should call me- and you should forget about ela- no, that's not how people talk well, then, then! That's the intention, though, like if somebody wrote me email like that. That would be the intention behind it because it doesn't matter and if they flatter you, but anyway, I'm still curious yeah. What? If this, what if it, what if the email was just simply something like, and you know, MPs by the way Ethan I know. Obviously you and EULA are happily married, but I just wanted you to know that I find you incredibly attractive and I just think you're the hottest thing and then an Instagram tag. Would you check that probably happy about that? But just at a curiosity, there's nothing beyond that. Do I buy the leg something and by the way this has never happened, but and I have never done that, like I've, never done that! Okay! I just want you to know that that didn't ever happen. Okay, but considering this conversation starting tomorrow, yeah, if you get that email I will not look at it. Okay, yeah I will not look at it. Hey I read you loud and clear: no okay! Why don't you think it's a problem if I looked at guys if they sent me that it's not your, it's not like. It's not like that. You're just curious I'm, not I, I I'm, just curious who sent the letter but I think I would never contact them. I would never ever even if it was like. Oh I, don't know, I would never contact them. No matter who it was. It's simple, it's just the gosset, II and think of the curiosity is a problem. I deal you know, I'm a hundred percent faithful to you aligned you we're having the hypothetical quote debate so I'm talking about it as if you know, but that's not unfaithful good. Looking at someone's, Instagram I think it's a problem. If they express that they're interested in you and then you go and check their Instagram, it's not like a dating profile as Instagram, it's not far from in dating yeah that they're interested in you. That's how you're gonna contact them! I'm, Instagram? Okay, not that you're, not that you're going to contact them I'm, just a stop alone of looking at their profile. I think is a problem. Well, I wouldn't do that. I would never do that. I would never do that. I would never look. Well. Usually, we agree on stuff. I find it interesting that we disagree on this yeah I guess so I mean again I've, never done that so I'm just trying to be like brutally honest with you, because I thought people would relate to that, but there's no way that would ever be unfaithful to you and a trilling. You hear you guys were like if you were in this position, so you're dating and someone expressed dating a girl happily married for 10 years. Well, I'm talking about them: okay, they're, not married! Yet so if someone expresses interest in the girl and then she goes and checks their Instagram profile first of all, would you not around them? First of all, it's not just I'm a public figure. Okay, people don't expect me to respond to them and I don't ever respond to be I'm, not talking about responding and and and by the way. The fact that we're happily married for 10 years makes it that more ridiculous of an a notion that that I'm interested in anyone else that I could be interested in anyone else. What do you mean because, like we're we're we're like a happily married, we have a great relationship, I cherish you, but I'm, not talking about I'm. Just talking about the act itself. That I think it's a problem, I've never done it and I would never do it. I've totally done a 180 degree. That's why it's sleazy it's gross and anyone who does that shame on them and I'm gonna. Do that you didn't yeah I'm curious, still, I, don't what's the question was a big deal if it was the opposite for you and the girl that you're dating? If she got a letter like that and then would you expect her to not go and check the Instagram? Oh, oh she's, like got an admiration letter. Yeah I mean if I'd probably make me a little uncomfortable and insecure I mean it is I, do see what Ethan saying it's different like I've been dating this girl for a couple months. You guys have been married four years, so it's like a little bit different, but I mean on the flip side. You know I'm really happy in this relationship, and so that would be a big red flag. I guess you could say so: yeah I mean you know just clicking a link yeah in that context. It's not a just like it is different for Dan, but he's still he's dating I'm, not dating I'm, not I'm, not looking right, I see what you're talking about, although it sounds like you're IVA feels differently, and so you should really well again I'm not again. This is just a philosophical debate. Yeah yeah, we're done race, I have never I. This is something that happens. This is a philosophical debate. Evil is gonna treat me like. She was gonna act like I cheated on her now for the rest of the week, yeah they'd do anything. Can you guys back me up Duncan en? Are so quiet somebody back me up, I, don't agree with the almonds. Oh my god Zak. If my girlfriend was doing that, like I, don't know, it'd be like it's not doing that it's not every day you're, getting all these admirations and checking everybody out but yeah. You said it yourself. The girl sent Dan a letter and I looked at her profile out of a geyser. You said you order, stood that because I feel like that is somewhat different. As someone looking from the side on a situation, but look can't Dan. Have that not curiosity? No, it wasn't. It was a directed at you yeah it's different, but but yeah, but if I'm curious, so is he no? You should pinpoint what the goal is. There's no goal! You just know something there, whether you're trying to get like a confidence or something yeah. Probably something like that. You know you want to you want to see. Come on you guys. How is this? How am I the only one I'm getting nervous you might hear edge what is going on I'm in a fresh relationship? We've only been going out for a couple months: it's going really great I'm, not I'm, not [ __ ] around I'm not trying to risk anything. You know, oh, my god is not okay, I'm out I'm out you say it's not risking anything, but you have your wife sitting across from you telling you that that would be upset. Yes, there's a I guess I'm wrong, because I can look because at a curiosity, has nothing to do with you you're, looking at a story from the side right. No, but if all of us are curious to look let's say we all got that email you're. The only one I would look. First of all but you're saying that you did so I said: okay, I can understand, maybe you're looking but I. Don't think Dan should look. Okay, I think we're beating a dead horse here. I think you know not gonna change your mind. Just the point is that if you're looking there you're trying to see if she's, attractive or not yeah, and that alone is not okay with me being in a relationship, it's like you're, it's like what you're gonna compare your gonna and, if she's more attractive like where is it going, you know it's only gonna be bad. There's, no one more attractive. That's just the hypothetical! No! Are you perfect I? Don't there's nobody else in the world an attractive girl is like opening a picture of beetlejuice. It's the same [ __ ] compared to you! It's fine could be a do a Terry but always have the same. Well, the same way. It doesn't need to go there now. This is just a hypothetical yeah and I arguing just once again, I've, never done that, it's totally sleazy and I'll. Never do it and I don't even get emails like that you're, the only one you're going to now, I'm, not clicking anyone put them all this time, gonna block them all and I'll show you Ely here I got an email, I'm, gonna block him. I am I'm only trying to be honest because yeah I looked at this email that Dan gun I was curious. What she looked like and I looked and I feel like that curiosity doesn't stop when someone writes me, one which hasn't happened like that. Curiosity applies across the board to everybody here. Well, I think it seems. I ever want to hear this agrees. I think so I'm surprised, but it does seem that way. Yes, it seems that way. So there you have it I, guess: I gotta, look at I, gotta change. My attitude here, a little bit. It's just curiosity, I, just I, don't get it! No that doesn't make sense, but I'm a good husband. Nobody, it's a chance and I'm a good, faithful, husband, I mean result serious, okay, I've, never cheated I've, never even I've. Never even you know what I mean, but you don't even have to worry about what what? What is the angle correct, you're curious? What are you looking to find out? You're, okay, I'm, looking to see how attractive their what they, okay yeah so yeah, but so, but it doesn't there's nothing else. It's just curiosity, the same care us today, I have when I looked at the girl. Rodin delight you see, Daniel, you won't try to erase this [ __ ] yeah I bet you're wishing I you're regretting calling me out on erasing it now, no I, don't mind. I am I, don't mind this conversation, but I am surprised that it just at the time people recoil from what I'm saying so badly I thought her commentary about the chicken thing was interesting and worth including we mean Eva are can at least agree on that Dan yeah tell you the truth. The reason that I have done that traditionally and yes I'll, admit to having edited some of these letters in the past, is when it's a big wall of text. I feel like you'll. Just see it you'll be like that's you it's. The only thing you took out is one small. Well here, that's juicy as hell. It's actually not true. I actually did cut another paragraph. It was. She was just. She was just furthering the point that you read out and it you know. Might you want I'm trying to do a little bit of editorial control to keep the that one probably had oh well, y-you knew you could you could highlight what you want us to read? Maybe maybe I'll do that in the future. If I, if I drop in a three page letter, I just feel like anything's gonna, see that me like that's, that's too much I'm, not reading that there's a chance [Laughter], you don't have you don't have any concern of me ever cheating on no I. Don't so that's my point like how like you're, not you're, not worried. We're in this happy healthy, beautiful marriage. We cherish each other. I still have their act first of all, again, I want to emphasize this. Isn't something I've ever done? Okay, good yeah, but we're talking about. If you were to do it hypothetically then I never would say: I'm not gonna get in trouble for a hypothetical at least. Do it [ __ ], do anything I'm getting [ __, ], yeah, hey Ethan! What do you think of the hashtag maggot challenge? I can move it along yeah, but we're we're a team. Are we ready to move along yeah I? Think so? Okay, thank you. Are you angry at me? No okay, it seemed like you were getting upset at certain times during that conversation. Well, you know, I mean today is really temperent. No, it's fine! I I, don't mind you getting fired up. I, just don't want to be like actually offending him about what I'm saying you know: I, don't want you to I, don't want to make you feel bad, anything I'm, sure, I'm, just I'm, no I, don't feel bad, not joking! You know that I cherish you among all every everyone I in my whole life, you are the you are everything to me. I believe you and I believe then that it didn't look at the link. Well, I think Dan's lying. That being said, let's move on to the maggot challenge, I'm curious. What the people think about this conversation, yeah and I'm very curious. You know, I I felt like I was just being real. I was cutting through the [ __ ] I mean I've, no doubt that you're being real it just just kind of back. My butt and Dan's wine come on Dan's, not being real. All right, that's good! You guys heard about the maggot challenge that shit's cringy as hell, no matter what you think about Donald, Trump, love, hey, limp or think he's okay. We can all agree that this is awful Donald Trump retweeted this guy. So by the way you did um you uploaded these to see if they got claimed right, I did and I even found the original rap that they're all rapping over and uploaded just that and no claims nothing drastic. So uh uh this guy. First of all made this rap. Let me start here: he says mega boy mega challenge I, want you all to make your own rap to it and then tag me. Let's make liberals cry that seems to be the central theme of the raps is making liberals cry and I, don't quite sure what that means, but Donald Trump retweeted, he said I will announce the winners of the mega challenge and invite them to the White House to meet me and perform I'd. Really doubt that that's never gonna happen meet me and perform wait. Do you see this [ __, ] I? Think Trump was expecting like Kanye to submit or something, but this is original. Libs are crying right now, I am NOT a big dumb I am not oppressed, they keep taking shots on my spot back and said: I went my Mac I had some say: [Music], okay, I kind of like his I, like his style I like his there I'm honest and I'm gonna hate that Big Mac I had his dope, but so that that one's actually not that cringey I, like you know this. The cringe follows what next so here I mean this. This one is, is I, think the cringy [ __ ] ever well. They got worth in my opinion, but, like imagine from this guy, this is probably the biggest response. Imagine Trump inviting this guy to perform this 30-minute song. It's crazy, [Music], correct me if I'm wrong, but this guy's white right, yeah yeah. Isn't that like what black people say about like black people are supposed to vote, Democrat I, don't think what was an assumption about white people. I keep watching cuz I'm I mean you. He calls me yeah what the [ __ ]. They could be the saturation yeah everything. Maybe he is just reiterate. I think this is the same lyrics as the first guy. No just somebody else's song. Oh well, then I, don't know what the [ __ ], no yeah. You didn't say that is because I don't start yeah. We can compare notes. He definitely didn't say that. Oh damn it this Twitter yeah this guy didn't say that [Applause] all right. He said white liberals times Helmut Lang on which makes more sense than this white guy saying it he's white right and also he did his own back backup, vocals, I love. That way, I mean the only thing I can. Think of is that it's super expiry. Remember ATS! Let's see, let's go find out we're out if this guy's black or white Ram rants. Maybe you shouldn't do this son. We have another screencast in case yeah, oh maybe you should look it up there, yeah I can logged in yeah. You guys can tell us. Oh maybe this is him you care. This is the original post. Oh, he is black Oh crazy. Yeah thing is just a crazy, lasting white boys, [ __ ], okay I was like what I didn't suspect he was black at all, but there you have it the power of saturation yeah exposure. Well, that made a way more cringy that I thought he was what's still bad. Bad go Trump, go Trump! If you let your money go Trump and 2020 go Trump. If you like your money and then he gives us like a seductive wink at the end, can you imagine doing it? He's gonna go put on that for Trump at the White House give him a little wink at the end, the classic believe this guy can't. He can't not snack during the show I have to ban eating on the show. No well, it's been kind of a mean. No dammit I can't handle more than one person. Smacking I asked in calor I loved women. Now you can yeah I mean I, don't want to hear it I, don't think the audience wants to hear you eating for sure. Well at least I'm. The host I mean it I, just chewing off-screen, it's kind of weird. You know anything. Okay. Now this one's fire I, don't care what you say about the other one. This one's making me vote Trump heard of performance at the White House you gotta, pull that sound bite [Music] who comes inviting her to the White House to perform that? Oh, so you know he's not choosing a winner. Why didn't just pick the guy? Who actually is good and made the challenge? You know um I just want to say that we do need to and pretty what I'm just getting this started. You look that's what this began. How long has it been about two hours just enjoy that? Let's get through the maggot challenge? I have to talk about chaos. I'm local pulled two baggage on [Music] [Music], going to the White House Hey go Maggie kid, give it up to God Oh. Oh yeah he's going to the way he is going to the mother-effing white this one. This did you upload this one cuz cheese is a different beat I did I. It also did not because this one's pretty yeah she does in the car by the way how much I don't know where they make I'm sure you do that. You know that they make those megawhatts and sharing I, think they got hold out for that so hard that they started making them super cheap I need her I need all these people to perform uh-oh way. What's driving her right now, the someone in the car well I, know a lie when I smell it Wow I, just looked it up, they're actually made in Long Beach the maggots yeah right here right here and God bless it uh, California, Wow, baby. Alright, let's, let's wrap it up, then Logan Paul verse, ksi I watched this fight. It was on ozone, which was a paid app. It cost 20 bucks to purchase the fight to watch it on this app excuse me: logo, Paul. First ksi was this weekend held at the Staples Center, where the Lakers play pretty big stadium. It looked full to me when they were there, but I. Don't know they can move people down, I, don't know whose people them, but it looked it looked back case. I came out the winner in the end, by split decision and their sixth round cruiserweight bout that was helped by Jeff by referee, Jack Reese. He gave a controversial two-point deduction on Paul for holding and hitting ksi. When he was down around four now I saw that as a pretty dirty mm-hmm can I show the clip. Do you think am I gonna claim to ass? Probably claims I mean what, if I make it strong, they have anyway yeah. They did little still claim us anyway. Yeah. There was a moment where so Logan landed. This I mean it was the best punch of the of the match for sure this absolute brutal uppercut on ksi and I actually gave ksi a lot of credit for soldiering through that because he got career, it was a massive uppercut, but the thing is ksi was falling and Logan was hitting first of all, looking threw him to the ground, and then he punched him when he was on the ground yeah and the ref was like what the [ __ ]. Are you doing and he deducted two points for, for that flagrant I mean I mean it was. It was just so unsportsmanlike and Logan even says at the end he's, like my emotions, got the best of me. It's like so you punched, a dude on the ground at anger. What is that mm-hmm and now he's bitching about the two points that got deducted because he says he would have won yeah I felt like when we both watched it so I felt like there I, don't know anything about the sport. Okay, so fine. Take that into consideration. But from my perspective, I felt like it was closed, but I was rooting for ki cuz. He was giving it more like he was yeah more. He wanted it more. He was taking it serious at like 1,000%, which was cool to see. Well, they were showing the backstage footage and Logan Paul's, like pre-fight interview was, he was just being goofy and clownish and like doing his shtick and I was turned off by that it just seemed like he wasn't. He wasn't his heart and soul into it. Where ksi was like in the zone, he was all about it and I could just tell that the heat there was more fight and ksi and I mean he really dude. He got hit so hard. You guys I mean he really yeah. It took a lot to to recoup from that, and there was a. There was a moment. I thought he was gonna lose because he was. He was really um. He was really shaken by that punch and they were zoom boxing and, as the judge said that Logan he lacked the instinct to know he should have gone after him, but I feel like Logan. He just he's, but he never really Unleashed Darren go for it boxing his heart out. I always wondering the whole time if she was saving something for the end right, but he was I. Never did yeah I mean even when ksi was like seriously and wounded. He lacked the instinct to go, get him. He could have ended the fight right. There forget about the score being minus two points. I mean he blew it right then, and there and ksi recovered after that and I think ksi won. He just you know he fought more aggressively. He got more points. He landed more punches and I want to give him more points on that outfit I liked it better than Logan's there you have it. You look like a Mortal Kombat, but actually Logan I have to say I do I have to criticize Logan a little bit with how he handled the loss because, first of all he says I, let my emotions get the best of me, but I will say: I got no warning and I got two points taken away from me. Yeah you punch someone when they're on the ground that doesn't happen. That's why I lost tonight do the math I would like to contest this commission because I did not receive a warning. I, don't think that's fair at all! That's what he said on the post interview on the stage so he's already talking about how he wants to contest the loss and then later on, he says he says that he was sick, which he never mentioned anywhere here. This is from BBC. He says that he was uh. This is such [ __ ]. This is later on after he lost he's getting interviewed by some media and he says: I woke up sick. It took thirty to fifty percent out of me, like he didn't mention that anywhere else. He was totally fine. The whole time he even said in his pre-fight interview, I feel great I feel great. He said, then, all the sudden when he loses I gotta check with the Commission and I was sick. It took 3050 percent out of me. He says: I beat ksi 11 out of 12 times, but I want to say in general that I was totally ready to watch like a crane, fest and I didn't feel like that at all. Actually, I found a good match. I found the whole thing very, entertaining I was glued to my set and it was kind of cool to see the just like the whole setting is so professional. Like so like you would watch the actual game, but then, with these familiar faces from YouTube, because he gets kind of funny, yeah I totally agree, I mean it was. It was professional through and through another thing that shocked me was Justin Bieber and Logan Paul's Locker, before the game leading them in prayer expected he's, like damn sure, I got an image of it here. Here's Justin Bieber leading Logan Paulin. They don't work by the way. God did not answer their their call. God was like. Maybe you should have just trained harder, I, don't know, but Logan lost and I have to say I mean I. Think everyone was happy about that I hate to say it. Logan was getting booed in Los Angeles and he started when he started making excuses on the stage. People started booing him because they had a really good sportsmanship moment where they hugged and said right next, each other and then Logan started going on how he's gonna contest this decision and everyone started building it it's over well and then there's this great moment where he goes they go Logan. Would you refight ksi I'm, not showing I, look at any of the clips because I'm gonna get claimed, but they say Logan? Would you get? Would you do another rematch with ksi and he goes yeah I. Do that and then they go ksi? Would you refight Logan he's like hell? No I'm done I won. This is over and I'm told I totally get that I was yeah I'm out. You got to see Jakes outfit where's that one right here, Jake was there and dude man. You guys got to see this outfit. This was the worst thing ever. This guy is the corniest [ __ ] alive he's got a cane first of all and talk about what are those I mean? What are those? What are those whose time is that, like? What is this? It's like? It's like the visor is so [ __ ] funny some it's like a there's, a matrix joke there right it's kind of like a grandma matrix. It's like a tunic and it tights a deep v I mean yeah tights to go like just below the knee, no socks, a Payne he's like Elton John and the matrix. He does have an open, John, vibe I, don't know why he's got this huge visors on like he just got cataract surgery, yeah, that's the grandma part I mean this is just I mean. Is this high fashion HeLa? What do you say your fashion, your your cart or court, or a court or or sure? How do you say it Couture Couture your court, or is this coat? Your glasses, the visors. What do you pray appreciate the effort, I? Guess: I, don't like necklace I, like the necklace, but not with this outfit? Do you think he had a stylist or do you think he dressed himself question you like the cross and maybe 10? Ah interesting, oh yeah. That makes sense that the part that hurts me is I know. This is all really expensive. Designer [ __ ] and he still looks like a clown. Yeah I mean I'm sure that how do you feel about the deep-v I? Don't like it I'm not into that? What about the cane and war? More than anything here, I hate the length of those pants, the pants were just a nightmare and then there's no socks. Where are those shoes I mean really? What are those I'm? Sorry Jake. Take it from me, someone who really knows about fashion. That's officially bad out of it. What Dan? What are you pooping about? No I'm, a fashion icon? That's that's very true, I kind of like his shoes. If I'm being honest, I mean the rest, the outfit is clownish but I mean I, don't know they look clownish in context to the outfit I guess Dan likes your shoes, Jake I mean his can sit up to and his visor and I, like his shirt, no I think the shirts the work yeah. The shirt in fact I, wouldn't because, like the pants, are super tighten the shirt is like super long. It's just I, don't know man, that's been a look lately, though, hasn't it been. You would know better. That's not a life right, no like the oversized hell off, but the not my kind of look. But it's a look for sure. So he is sufficient. It's more like Jersey Shore's fashion. It's like high-level, Guido, [, __ ]. You know what I mean. Yes, it's like trashy fashion, yeah, tasteless fashion. That's fine, I! I! Honestly, don't really like bashing people so much for their taste. I mean mm-hmm, that's just it's! It's so subjective! It's just not bad! No I mean I already said: I didn't like. Yet there you go. Thank you. I'm, at any rate, I have to say overall I enjoyed the fight. I was entertained. I was very impressed. Both the guys were in top physical shape. They both obviously trained really hard case. I, put up a really good show. He fought his heart out. Logan I'm, just I am disappointed me. He landed that one monster uppercut that really almost ended the fight, but I just feel like he didn't attack enough and ultimately case I just won by sheer determination, yeah but I, but you guys saw the fight. What did you think? Yeah I mean Logan 100% blew it yeah. He totally blew because it wasn't just about the deducted points. It was because of those because of the foul because he punched him in the back of the head and when he was on the ground they gave kiss I I think he was allowed to have up to five minutes to recover yeah. He had a lot of time to recover. After that monster hit. He was able to take as much time as he needed to if that hadn't had like, even if he had slipped that you know it was. Oh right back into it, yeah I mean fight at door. I think I Fred is about to [ __ ] in our office who take care of him in a second but yeah. He blew it like he. He would have cured him that round um yeah dude. He could have just blown on him and never fallen over, but I mean again you don't like dude talk about blown I mean you not. You got this monster punch and you had to hit him when he was on the ground. I mean dude, that's like solo life, I know exactly, but in his defense he didn't hit him really hard. No it's the moment and he's not a professional yeah. You know, I, don't know unless you have your own shop, you know exactly. We've got a lot of content left, but I think we better wrap it up because I'll fred is about to poop on the carpet. Congratulations to ksi gratulations, to both of them. It was very entertaining I can't even really hate on it. Now, I, don't actually I thought it was great. Yeah keep an eye on out Fred. Someone pick him up, so he doesn't go yeah, yeah I can't hate, congratulations to them both and Jake's. Outfit was awful, though right. We agree on that. Can we hate on that? No there's no hating happening on it. We got a eight on something we're hating on me today for being disloyal to the perfect. The perfect woman in yellow I've only ever been faithful for ten years of marriage. Well, that wasn't the conversation I've only been I've only tried every day to be the best husband I can be, but no I'm unfaithful, because I looked at someone that wrote Danny email. That is not the conversation. Okay. Can you put on the music while we wrap it up? Enjoy this? How many times have we seen a mobility person? Gonna hit a skate park? It just doesn't work. You know the problem is: is that people really underestimate? Like that's, not a steep hill, and these things cannot go uphill man, they just really can yeah. It's just like see no scooters here and then this dude just hit me no fat razor flip unrelated content, there's a music on yes, sir good. Well, today's Tuesday Friday we've got Whitney Cummings. Actually, you should put up a question thread. I show Whitney Cummings we're excited for that. Strangely, only our second female guest ever is I write, no second solo yeah, that's so weird: we've had Christina and Jenna oh yeah I. Never they were both with their significant others. Oh my god right! So it's a first solo female guest. No, no, don't know if that counts. If she's, the trans male she's a man right so check out that uh that threat that'll be up by the time. The episode goes up well, I'm very excited to have her and I look forward to that. One Friday and I hope for you guys to join us. Then, and until then it'll be a fantastic week. A great time and uh. Remember don't go! Don't go opening those Instagram, your whatever you do right, Dan, right, right, alrighty, guys, we'll see! You then have a great week top table. We love! You appreciated the watching. I appreciate it. Gotta go to get away together, but yeah Alfredo's waving goodbye.