I will roundhouse kick zach in his face unless you become a member right now there are no ads early access and exclusive discord. Excess zack's life is in danger and only you can help him by becoming a member stay safe and all the best. Your friend chuck norris welcome everybody to the h3 podcast home of ethan klein your host 5.5 stars on wikifeet, with my beautiful co-host eli klein. I think you have a 4.97 on wikifee, which is can't compete, which is frankly a really good score, but not a 5.5. No, you should. I just would like you to be appreciate more appreciation, yeah yeah. That's all I'm saying I want to talk about feet, okay! Well, this is your episode dan thank you to expressvpn for sponsoring us today and to our wonderful members who help us immensely. Thank you guys so very much um, there's also one other thing. I briefly want to point out to you guys: dude. We threw up in secret on h3h3shop.com, literally the ben affleck worst tattoo, of all time shirt. So on the back. Is the ben affleck tattoo on the front you get to rep your nace h3 podcast? This is basically the I dare you to wear this shirt. We should have called it. The worst shirt ever made yeah. We can change the name still so there. It is, I'm not sure who would want to wear it or why, but there it is. I think it's a cool shirt and again like we're going to get into this, but I think it's a really cool shirt. I love it. Okay, so before we get into the headline today, obviously there's a lot of juice to nibble on we've got leafy was banned permanently from youtube, which tragic news heartbreaking. It is big, sad, big, sad news, I'll get into the nuances of that. Obviously, and then, of course, keemstar is having a full um. I think keemstar is milking. I I my thesis is that keemstar really is the reason why leafy's banned and now he's capitalizing on it acting like he's his friend we're going to get into that as well. And finally, we have what can only be described as one of the greatest segments we've ever done. The karen tier list we've put together a tier list of all the cairns, all the famous karen's. We have 22 cairns 18 cairns. Actually, we we cut a little and we're going to put them on a tier list to describe to you guys uh, which is the most karen karen and which is the least karen karen amazing yeah. We got a full show here, a great show. So with that being said, let's get right into it and uh. I want to start it off with a goof. Last time we did. You guys may recall this clip, which I had a lot of pleasure to share with you guys, and so I found one that was somewhat um similar that I thought we could all enjoy as well man, trips with mcdonald's food and rages. So let's have a look here and kind of you tell me what you think about this elo [Music]. What [Music] you know he probably wait is that his house yeah it's just okay, because I thought he was delivering it at first. I think it's his house, I think he probably went on a mcdonald's run. He was starving. He was so excited to eat. You know he's running with with excitement [Music], but here here's where I'm like dude you. It didn't have to be like that. If the tops on the sodies didn't even pop yeah, it did not have to be like that. He could have salvaged this situation totally just scoop the fries back in there or just give up on the fries, no scoop them back in and they're still good blow on them. Whatever you got to do dust them off, I'm not going to let that ruin. My morning, dude theodore puts dirt on his mouth and he's fine. True, I can't eat a couple french fries off the ground um. I think this guy was having a bad day already. I have to assume [Applause], unfortunately yeah he was over. I feel bad for him. I just want to go get him another another order fix it for him, but this, I think in terms of just dropping food, fails nothing but we'll keep looking, certainly we'll keep our the phoenix of uh the april food. Oh the the back tack too yeah yeah. I see what you mean yeah, one more time, all righty, so um, oh there's one other epic freaking excitement. I have to announce. H3 podcast edison research announces the top 30 podcasts in the united states. The ranker lists the top 30 podcasts in america by reach not downloads among weekly podcast consumers covering the full survey period. This was between july 7th and june 24th of this year. I'm assuming july of last year, yeah july of last year, to june this year, wow um. They said it's a it's. The first ever all-inclusive study of the reach of podcast networks and shows in america, and so here it is, and we are on the frickin list at 27. wow, I have to say I was I was pretty excited and encouraged by that totally did not expect that yeah. I thought our show was dead, but here it is on the list, but joe rogan's number one. Obviously, but what really surprised me is there's no other youtubers on the list and there's really no other comedies on the list. A lot of it, oh ben shapiro or youtuber conan o'brien's yeah conan is conan, is mega famous dude we're definitely in good company. I gotta say it's pretty: pretty cool is ben shapiro, a youtuber uh. Not I yeah! I don't know, I don't know, that's a good question one. The only thing I know about bench bro is that he lets you dry [, __, ], [Laughter], the dry, [ __, ] experience, but anyway it's a lot of like politics and stuff and but hey here we are number 27. God bless. Let's go pretty amazing. Next year higher that's right. Next year, we're taking out call her daddy by bar barstool sports number 26. yeah dak shepard more like dax. I'm going to shepherd you into the grave like just your career, not because I'm going to pass you on to the charts too much yeah. No, I have I love that you want to make it on the list. You probably shouldn't stop by making more enemies, don't make enemies on the list, so I actually take back everything I said about mark and dax. I think they're great hosts, I think, they're funny guys if they ever want to help me on their podcast. I am 27 in the world and uh. I think I'd be a great asset to their show and I'd love to be on the show. So thank you and I I am fans and I don't mean any uh ill will. Thank you today. We bow our heads for the loss of a great one. Leafy is here, was permanently banned from youtube and I have to say I almost am impressed. I have to admit the only other person I can remember being outright banned from youtube is alex jones, and that was a long time ago and before alex, I can't recall, really anyone anybody. So it's almost a compliment to leafy that that he provoked that strong of a response from youtube. So, in a way I tip my beanie to him for for being uh that edgy he was so edgy he he I feel like he achieved what he wanted he's just so edgy that youtube said no more leafy you're banned right. So you know, first of all, I'm impressed, I mean you, did it dude? You did it. So congratulations and what we've done here before we kind of get into the details of all this is we've prepared a little bit of a film? If you would the life and times of leafy was here semicolon leafy is no longer. Here, I believe, is the name of the short film and I'd like to play it for you now and after that, we'll get into all the details, but I I hope you guys enjoy this. You know I would love people saying oh leafy come back. I would love to see leafy, come back and try to exist in the landscape today, like the content that he was making would never fly on youtube today and you have to adapt and overcome the fact that, like [Music], you can't even curse bro like like. I don't know I'd like to see him. Try to make a comeback. Come back, come back, come back, come back, come back. Dude I survived. I like did the math earlier I survived 143 days. I take that as a dub. I tried everything else. Bro I tried emailing. I tried going to the normal system crying on twitter, the second. It goes on trending age, restricted, crying on twitter bro. It's like they're, [, __ ] with me, like I'm convinced that they get some sort of sick satisfaction from this or something crying on twitter instantly age, restricted, which I know already said this in another video. But when your video gets age restricted, it gets removed off trending crying on twitter. I think they get some sick satisfaction out of this. I'm not gonna [ __ ] about this for eight hours, but just know I could. I don't think my videos are as harsh as they used to be not even close, but I don't think the videos themselves were that toxic. We saw this tweet of someone actually saying that they were going to kill pokemane here's leafy suggesting to use an hdr recon scope. What caused this? What do you think happened like if you had to guess, because you don't know anything uh? I have no idea. Pokeman isn't even attractive. There's really no other way of saying it. She's, just not hot dude she's, just really not hot. The average person on twitch is more attractive than pokeman, at least with the titty streamers. A lot of them are hot. Pokeman really doesn't have that going for so much, I'm thinking three out of ten uh. If not, you know actually keemstar probably had it right yeah. It was super random dude to wrap up this video. I think this guy definitely took the dub. I I don't think anyone's gonna be able to beat him. I mean I think there should be another award for the most creative ones and the most creative ways of pissing off the tier three subs anyways. Whoever wins gets 500 bucks. No, I had. I had one I think warning when I have an idea or when I have a cow that just keeps producing milk, I'm just gonna keep milking it until the milk dries up and the cow has been milked to this point of complete utter exhaustion and, at the same time complete utter efficiency until that point, until the cow is it's not even dead until the cow is non-existent. I'm assuming at this point some people are wondering. When am I going to stop and the answer is never I'm never going to stop or if I had to be honest, most likely when I get banned, she has a boyfriend. Let me say that one more time dude she has a boyfriend and you're [, __ ] pathetic after you guys get done donating to her. She goes and [ __ ] someone else, and I get a dm from one of his very close friends, and this is what they said to me honestly leafy liked you too, but he said he can't date. Anyone because it will make his female fans and something else. You guys hear that. Do you guys [ __ ], hear that what the [ __ ] is that? Did you guys hear that what the [ __ ]- oh god, I I don't understand- how are we winning right now tell the people mad dude? It's just luck. I think god just loves me. That's something I don't know got. This is like actual plot armor irl, and this is like the simulation year. For me, this is just it's like going too well like actually too whoa wow whoa. Am I already banned bro I'm already banned. Well there you have it a little bit up to speed here. I'm gonna get into all the details of that, but I hope you guys enjoyed that. You know the first thing I had to tweet when I learned about this was that I had to tweet this um. I would love to see leafy, try and exist in today's current landscape when slasher. This is when I first learned about when slasher tweeted out leafy's youtube account has been terminated due to multiple or severe violations of youtube's policy, prohibiting content designed to harass, bully or threaten- and you know leafy literally that clip the in the beginning of that edit leafy put at the end of all of his videos of me saying I'd love to see leafy tran exist in today's current landscape. It didn't bother me actually. I thought it was funny and fair. You know to try, but the problem is that when you invest so heavily and that and then when you do get banned, you look like a [, __ ] idiot, I'm sorry dude. I was right. I mean it's just I feel like I'm not getting enough credit for that. I was right and like the dude, he invested so much in this meme every video I was, writing the whole [ __ ] time dude. So I mean I feel, like I get a little bit of a right to tweet this, because a lot of people were angry. Somehow that I tweeted this, I would love to see leafy, try and exist in today's current climate, and then some people were saying that you're celebrating is ben. How am I celebrating? I'm literally, am I not entitled, after this guy put this in every single one of his videos for 140 days or whatever he said that I don't even get to it. I I have a moral obligation to tweet this. Do you understand? I have a professional personal obligation to tweet this. It's been not celebrating dude, it's like ordained by god. You know as the listen as the host of the number 27 podcast of the united states. I am obligated to tweet this out because it's written like poetry, I mean come on, so people are angry that I I just can't win. You know what I mean it's like in some people's minds. There's literally no way for me to win the dude. The dude is trying to clown on me for like three or four months, and then I'm proven right, tweet it out and somehow I'm still the bad [ __ ] guy. But okay, I can handle that. You know so here's a timeline because he went on dramaalert and I've seen a lot of people saying and defensively feed that a he should have got a warning. First, there's one thing: I keep hearing b uh, it's somehow like some kind of free speech thing and we should all be worried because all of us can be in next. All of us could be next now that youtube's been to sleep for you. My personal opinion on this, which I'll try to prove to you guys is that the only thing that surprised me is that that youtube didn't ban him sooner and I'm not saying that. I that, because I'm saying I'm agreeing with their decision, I'm just saying he was invite he clearly violated all of their rules and uh he and he he even went as far as to taunt them. He literally says at one point: I will never stop making pokey videos until they banned me literally. He literally said that yeah. So I don't understand why everybody's so shocked and surprised by the fact that he got banned and how they're trying to make it into this whole big uh social issue, it's just it's just not! Let me show you guys what I'm talking about and you can make up your own decision. So, first of all, one of the things that I constantly hear is that he was banned without any warning. Did you have any strikes prior to your channel being terminated, because I know you got some in the past but, like you complained to youtube and they reversed them so that they made a mistake. No, I had. I had one I think warning, but I had no strikes besides that so yeah it was super random dude. What do you think a warning mean that doesn't sound like it was random at all, a warning sounds like a warning. A warning literally means that you're on thin ice. It was super random bro. They told me not to do that and they gave me an official warning. I was so shocked. I totally didn't see this coming. I was blocked. I had a bunch of videos removed. I had a warning. I totally didn't see this gummy. Do you think it's ironic that leafy was using are like the content, nuke template that we used on keemstar and it's ironic and not cool, to steal our original idea right well, what I was thinking was that it was ironic that he nuked himself because you've got to understand the power of nuclear energy. You can't just you can't just have your a manhattan project and not know what how to handle the material safely, because he tried to destroy pokey, but in the end, leafy's channel's banned, yeah, just an iron, just something that's kind of funny to point out anyway. Let's continue forth here we go well. You were uploading videos with a pokemon, uh pokeman, thumbnail right, but then the content was you teaching your uh? You know your viewers about investments in the stock market, so yeah, like the whole joke of those videos, is just that you know it looks that toxic, but I don't think the videos themselves were that toxic uh. This is another argument I hear is that yes, I made 15 videos about pokemane and the thumbnail and title, but if you actually watch the videos I was talking about investing or whatever he was talking about. But again that is a violation of the community guidelines. You can't have misleading thumbnails and titles where you say um, you know you can't say: pokemon see your pokemane see your sponsors later lol and then not even talk about it so that that in itself is a violation. I was try, I'm trying to dig into how he actually did get banned because, like I said in the beginning, like youtube is super conservative with this stuff, like I know that they like they tend to not really do these kinds of things. So I'm trying to see all the things. So here's here's one bye, bye, pokeman haha, someone says someone needs to kill pokeman and it has 1400 likes. That doesn't seem very funny that that to me seems like extraordinarily [, __ ] up and leafy responded, hdr recon scope, um. I don't know when I saw this I was. Does anyone really think this is funny or cool? I mean it's kind of horrifically uh, irresponsible and disgusting. It seems to me like he does, but you have to acknowledge that this is so irresponsible of you to to even engage in a comment like that, even if his response is not technically serious because he's mentioning whatever it is just the fact that he's even engaging in a comment like that, you you can't, you have a responsibility. You can't do that because you're you're promoting it I mean I would block this person right. If I saw that if on a video, I was making fun of someone, but the thing is a comment like this probably had like maybe a few likes, and then he responded to it and that's exactly why I'm saying it. You can't even engage in something like this because then you're validating it and you're bringing more attention to it. If I'm youtube- and I see this- I'm like this guy- this kid it's dangerous- this is horri. This is horrific. I mean this is just crazy. I'm sorry! This is crazy. I mean this alone is like horrific. I don't know that's a strike for sure immediately. I know it's on twitter, but I don't know dude. You can't do that. That's [, __ ] up like just just from a human humanistic perspective from pokeman. If I was her, I would just be like dude what I would be very disturbed and actually scared yeah myself, like dude. You can make fun of me, but like now, you're people are saying: I'm gonna kill her and you think that's some kind of funny joke you don't know who that person is or the 1400 people who, like that tweet and that's also part of the thing about when you make 15 videos about someone, even if you're not talking about them in the video you're, just riling people up and getting them all crazy and it's like pokeman is turned into this inhuman monster that people just can just say. I want to kill her and that's somehow funny joke okay, so that that to me is horrific. So it looks like we're already up to uh two strikes with misleading thumbnails. We've got death threats on twitter. We've got harassment, 15, videos about someone uh, and then I mean again once again, if I'm youtube- and I see something like this clip here- making a few videos on pokemon um, I'm assuming at this point- some people are wondering: when am I going to stop and the answer is never I'm never going to stop or if I had to be honest, most likely when I get banned or just complete utter burnout, I mean that's, usually been my style. I hope this isn't shocking to anyone, but moderation has never been my style when I have an idea or when I have a cow that just keeps producing milk, I'm just gonna keep milking it until the milk dries up and the cow has been melt to this point of complete utter exhaustion and, at the same time complete utter efficiency until that point, until the cow is it's not even dead, until the cow is non-existent until I've grinded up the bones of the cow and used the hoofs into a big stew anyway, he says he's never going to stop until he's banned right. He said that right sounds pretty self-aware. Sounds like someone who shouldn't be surprised. That's exactly that's my point. Now, all of a sudden when he got banned, he's acting like he there. He doesn't understand why it happened. He literally said I will never stop until I get banned, oh and then so I I have a feeling that this next one had a big reason. Why why he was back? I just spent two so uh in one of his videos about pokey. He made up a game for his audience to go raid, her discord and see how quickly they could get banned and he even went as far to link the url in the video of the discord and offered a cash prize to whoever could get banned the fastest. I mean this is a direct call to action in a video to his audience to go harass. Somebody I mean guys. This is this is not. This is not a mystery. No I mean this is. This is really cool power's doing that. I hope you guys enjoyed that segment or something like that to wrap up this video. I think this guy definitely took the dub. I I don't think anyone's gonna be able to beat him. I mean [Music], so here he puts the discord, link uh, he says to everybody, go, join her discord and at one point he did offer a cash prize. Didn't he or was that before? I think it's coming up right after that. Okay, this is him trying to do a speed run. I think he might have mathematically solved the pokemon discord band, speed run, but hey maybe someone else would beat him. I don't know. I don't think someone will to be honest, even though this guy definitely gets the win for the speed running award. I think there should be another award for the most creative ones and the most creative ways of pissing off the tier three subs I mean I'm not gonna lie. I tried to win that award myself today I tried doing the reptile and the kim jong-un [ __ ], but it just didn't work. I mean I guess this is kind of like a game of seeing who can like piss the closest to the electric fence and dude. I didn't even get two messages out like I thought. Reptile would work same with kim jong-un, I guess not, but whatever man anyways, whoever wins, gets 500 bucks and also, in fact, yeah. That's pretty wild I've never seen anyone engage in something like that and just not even try to hide it uh zach. Do you have a sound bite of him saying uh? I don't know why or anything like that. That would be a great time, literally literally. Okay. Take that take what I can get in this case. So is it a mystery? Is it a mystery that leafy was banned? No, so with this that's like five strikes, I can count on my hand and like really flagrant [ __ ] too. So you know I've got this. Is this is really horrific? Behavior I mean I don't I don't. I don't want this [ __ ] on youtube. I just feel like. If any one of us would do this stuff, we would get banned and it's pretty clear to us yeah, because I see people like um scarce or other youtubers expressing concern that they feel like this is a red flag because they could be next. I haven't seen any of you guys do this stuff. You know I haven't seen anyone else. Do this kind of stuff, so it's the 15 videos, it's the misleading thumbnails, it's the joking about killing her. It's encouraging the audience to go rate, her discord and try to get banned and giving a cash prize. I mean dude. There's this whole thing of like they came for leafy and you laughed and next they came for you and nobody was there. It's like dude, no, the guys. The guy definitely had it coming and pretty much. His whole channel seems like an experiment like he was checking how far he can push it before he gets yeah. I think he should just own it yeah why he has to act like a little [, __ ] now and act like he's all surprised and act. Like he's the martyr of youtube, I thought you were some edgy [ __, ] kid that didn't give a [ __ ] about anything and all of a sudden. You care, where's. The apathy now dude, just don't be a little [, __, ] and own. The fact that you got a speed run ban and that you've got the world record and and I'll give you props. For that I mean I'll, give you props for that, but the fact is that you you're trying to have it both way, you're trying to have your cake and eat it too, where you're, like I'm gonna, keep doing this until I get banned and on the other hand, you go on twitter and cry and [ __ ] on drum alert about how you're a [, __ ] martyr, and what I'm surprised is that so many people fall for it when you are clearly just trying to get banned, you just gotta own that stop being a [ __ ] [, __ ] he's such a baby ass, [, __, ] crying. I can't believe so. Many people bought it. I mean dude, you really, you guys really want kind, the kind of content where creators go put your discord and give a cash prize for whoever can find the most creative way to harass. You really scarce. Did I mean I? Maybe they don't know about all this stuff? I'm assuming! I don't think they do yeah, but like again, so why are they giving him so much benefit of the doubt? I just don't get it. It's [, __ ], leafy dude. I would like to congratulate him on the speed run: youtube band that I'll definitely give him props for, but the fact that he's out here crying like a little [ __ ], [, __ ] that I mean dude what happened to the edgy cool kid apathy dude, you know what the [ __ ] dude anyway, he goes on. I wish keemstar would have told him, because I remember when keemstar got his uh uh, he blocked the podcast. I love that he preemptively blocked the podcast uh twitter keemstar, because when keemstar got his two-week suspension, he cried and apologized and he's like youtube. I'm so sorry. I now understand there are rules that we need to follow, but at the same time, he's interviewing leafy being like this is outrageous he's a martyr like dude here. Let's watch keemstar cry about the rules here to also spread the message out to the community of what the rules are, because you shouldn't reported that video, I didn't think I was breaking the rules but um that that is how strict youtube uh is on the bullying and harassment, uh guidelines, and I understand, where they're coming from they're, trying to make the platform better right for creators right and um based on talking to them. I understand that I broke the rules and that I am sorry, oh he's so sorry he broke the rules fast forward to him talking to leafy. This is outrageous dude. What did you do? I don't understand I mean dude. Your buddy leafy could have used your insight, man, you had an awakening. Why didn't you tell leafy about it? Wasn't it interesting that the [ __ ] bad guy keem is the one that kind of like instigated this whole thing, so he kind of baited leafy into getting into kamikaze in his channel in a way dan one billion percent who benefits from this keemstar? Who who started the pokeman rumor that she has a boyfriend, keemstar keemstar? Basically got leafy banned or put him up to it. I feel like keemstar, totally uh puppet puppet master, leafy he's using leafy to to to every end he wants. Let's see he went on dramaalert. He gave him an exclusive interview now he's on story fire which I'm pretty sure keemstar is a or dumpster fire. I don't know. Is it dumpster fire or story fire anyway? He uh, I genuinely couldn't remember the name, and so now. Keemstar who owns dumpster fire leafy, is on that platform huge w for for keemstar right he's going on his podcast, your mom's uh basement yeah, your mom's basement and uh, and so I feel like keemstar is benefiting greatly from all of this and he's and he got leafy to go out there and stir up all this drama for him to report on dramaalert and now his channel is banned and kimser's like. I had no idea that that youtube could could do this, and meanwhile he literally posted a video on twitter saying. I am so sorry that I did this and now I understand the rules. Dude keemstar [ __ ], you leafy like he used you abused you and spit you out and [ __ ] and wiped his ass with you and milked you for every dime and dollar. It's crazy! How how you don't see that it's crazy? How you don't see that to me but enjoy your mom's, your mom's basement or whatever, and I'm sure that uh keemstar will will benefit greatly from you being on dumpster fire, I'm the [, __ ], bad guy right! That's what I that's! What I think too totally yeah it's nice to hear him say that for once uh I think we're at break time: okay, um, when we come back, keemstar threatened to sue us. So I know I don't want to. I don't want to linger too long on this, but I had to address this because it's just so good, so we'll throw it to a quick break when we come back, keemstar is suing us. Thank you very much to expressvpn for sponsoring us expressvpn lets you access the internet as if you're using it in any country. You choose! That means that if you want to watch something on netflix or any of these other platforms, you know they have different libraries for the different uh country you're. Connecting from, for example, japan, netflix has got all kinds of crap. You can't even watch here in the usa, for example, all of miyazaki's films are on there and so there's just a ridiculous amount of content. There's going to be unlocked to you when you access expressvpn, not only that but their uh, their vpn is ridiculously fast. You can stream everything in hd quality, with zero buffering and you can use it on every device, phones, laptops tablets and even your tv, I'm talking netflix amazon, prime bbc iplayer youtube and many many more. You can choose from almost 100 different countries and each country's got their own content to unlock it's so simple to use. All you got to do is fire up the expressvpn, app change, your location, hit, connect and then refresh the page and the show remover you want to watch will magically appear. I I use expressvpn when I want to watch anime and miyazaki stuff, netflix, japan, freaking rules and uh. I mean that alone makes it worth it. I'm a weeaboo like that. Here's the extra little bonus if you use our link right now, not only will you be supporting our show, which thank you for doing that. Uh you'll also be getting three an extra three months for free expressvpn.com, h3 three extra months for free at expressvpn- that's expressvpn.com h3, so I actually do want to make a quick correction. I said that kim starr owns some of storyfire uh. I don't know if that's true, I do know he's an advisor on. He took an advisory role and he says that he works with them recruiting creators. So I definitely so I don't know if he owns some of dumpster fire necessarily, but what I do know is that he's definitely benefiting from leafy and other people signing up for to join the dumpster fire um. Okay, moving on so keepstar is threatening to sue us okay. Now this is something that I just had had to acknowledge. Coming, of course from comment cop who I have one of these twitter accounts. You really should follow this guy's on another level of just collecting wild [ __ ]. Here's here, here's keemstar acting tough. I ignore everything to do with the man right like I have like a bunch of people were building a case. He's cost me about close to half a million dollars in damages uh. I'm gonna wait until the last day and then I'm literally gonna take the teddy fresh away, I'm not even exaggerating I have like literally a three-man crew on this stuff and, like I don't know anything that's going on with him like. I purposely ignore it and I'll probably get in trouble for what I just said by my legal team, but like at the end of the day. At the end of the day, like I mean when it's all said and done, it could be millions and millions of dollars that he's actually costing me um. So I mean I'm not I'm not allowed to say like how much I understand that yeah one year's salary is astronomical, like I can't say what that is, but from what I assume, I think it makes sense. I think you I don't know I'll, tell you offline about it by the way. These are all the same guys who were like so up in arms about the fact that I mentioned g fuel. Oh wait here, there's there's actually one more part. He also. He also put a bunch of information out there. That is like it's false right like it's. It's not reality. Um and you know he. He did it in a way to hurt me like. So when you go to court, you have to prove that this person had malicious intent. I can prove that he had malicious intent. I can prove that he did this, so my sponsors would drop me right like I can prove that in a court of law without a shadow of a doubt and I'm gonna take your kids college fund and it's making me happy. Ah, we love keemstar, he's taking the teddy fresh and he's taking uh theodore's college fund away, which is making him happy now. These are the same guys. They thought the fact that I mentioned g-field was was uh, basically uh uh. I I crucified jesus christ. I killed the. I kill I, I opened pandora's box right committed the greatest crime, but here's keemstar saying he's gonna sue me and take my college kids fund away and somehow they don't have any problem with that. Right that that's fine. Now here's the thing keemstar has such a hilarious misunderstanding of how the law works that I almost I just want to look in this camera and say keemstar. You are so and that's not defamation! That's true! That's provably! True! I could prove that beyond a shadow of a doubt. You are the most alive and let me tell you, I know exactly what you do bro it's so it's so this is what keemstar does he misrepresents people? What people say to the point of lying about them to provoke a response and create drama, but I just have to literally first of all, keemstar tell me one thing: how is it that you're gonna prove damages when you [ __ ], said this, and because of all the hate that g gfuel recently got from your stupid, [ __, ] video, I I I got in contact with them. I'm I'm no longer with g fuel anymore. I walked away you what you walked away and somehow you want to blame me for damages see this. Is why you're? So it's because you want to act like a tough guy. You want to act like you're in control and that that that you're, some great mastermind when g fuel dropped. You like a paint that you are, and so you had to go on and be like. I dropped you but but see now. Good luck suing me when you're on record saying I walked away, but not that it even matters, because you don't even understand what defamation is you see when you go to court? Defamation is not proven by trying to cause damages you. What did shoes, and I say I can't remember, let me explain- sit down keep star. Let me give you a little education. See I've been through this. I know a little bit something about it. Lots of people always try to cause damage. You could make that argument about almost anybody that says anything negative about anybody. I mean keemstar go. Look at your channel. 90 100 of your videos is saying horrible things about people that is probably going to prevent them from getting sponsors. Defamation is proven when somebody knowingly lies about you, that's what you have to prove, not that I was trying to get your sponsors dropped. You, like literally just read online. I know you sound tough when you're trying to impress all these [ __ ] 12 year olds around you about that. You know what about how legal [ __ ] works, but but here now let me give you an example of what the actual defamation is. Imagine you go on your your drama alert and you say: ethan steals money and then then I go and I correct the record and the owner of the game says no ethan didn't steal the money that was meant for him and then that video stays up see. That is actionable defamation because you know that it's wrong and you keep it up and therefore the damn. Therefore I can charge you for the damages it causes. Did that make sense hila see. That's defamation. You have no understanding, no concept of what that means. I welcome you to sue me dude. I will get that thrown out so [ __, ], fast and easy on a summary. I wouldn't have to go to summary judgment keemstar. I could get that. I could get that gone on motion to dismiss on the pleadings and I could probably counter sue for charges too, because it's just such a [ __ ] like uh, it's like a malicious meritless lawsuit and the good thing is, I actually have talked to an attorney and he says that what keemstar did do about me is actionable, but I've been through it and I- and I it's just not worth it- you know what I mean: it's not worth it, but I I, but if he wanted to go as far as to sue us, then I would definitely once we're there. I would of course, sue him for defamation, which actually is it actually is defamation. Ah, just this is keemstar trying to sue me for defamation. You know what I mean. I mean I just get so fired up by what a [ __ ] idiot. He is and he's just so eager to try to prove how in control and everything- and I mean he really- this is keemstar really at the end of the day I mean dude, the guy is such a [ __ ] loser, it's it's hard to even fathom and how he surrounds himself with all these kids that, just like not I mean dude dude, did a podcast from inside someone's closet. Talking about how he's gonna sue me, I mean jesus man, but anyway the number one supporter of cancel culture say that again is you're coming to quiet, but I'm the number one supporter of cancel culture. Oh wow, that's what I'm saying I mean dude, that's literally, all you do. If you could just sue someone based on damages, you would be, you would be, oblivious obliterated. What are you saying? What I'm saying is that is that I welcome you to try to sue me. Keemstar, I mean by the way I love how he goes. I've got three lawyers. I've got a whole legal team working around the clock. Maybe you should look into what I'm saying, because you might be getting ripped off dude yeah, exactly they're like yeah, we'll need a retainer of 20 000 a month. I'm gonna take your kids college fund and it's making me happy okay cool. Well, I welcome you to try to to that. Yes go [ __ ] yourself, you little hustling little [, __, ], okay, calm down, keemstar we're just trying to have a civil debate. You know I love how he goes, I'm taking the teddy fresh. It reminds me of matt haas. He said the same thing. He literally said the same thing: matt haas goes I'm taking your youtube channel. That's what he said to us. I'm taking your youtube channel! It's going to be called I'm going to own h3h3 productions. Now [Music] um yeah! You might want to hook up with him keem. He has good experience trying to sue us. I'm literally gonna take the teddy fresh away. I think he would be. I think he would be in good hands. I think he'd be a really good designer based on the evil acid, I'm the [ __ ] bad guy. Yes, keemstar, that's what I'm trying to say he's finally talking sense anyway, and- and I do want to make one final point on keemstar since I'm here I haven't- talked about them in so long. So indulge me if you would please I know you're this, isn't your cup of tea, but because keemstar is so anti-platforming deep. Sorry, keemstar is so anti-d platforming he's such a free speech warrior and everyone should be able to do and say whatever they want. Even if that includes uh making death threats against somebody, I would like to draw your attention to one video of keemstar talking to them. I used to go to a man in fact I'll. Let this video speak for itself and just remember if keemstar's channel ever does get banned, just play him this video. Well, this is a great one. I I think you guys will enjoy this. I used to go by the name, brookbong returns, but at the moment I go by mr btfo made me had to change my name, because people were literally non-stop trying to flag me down. I've had people targeting me impersonating me trying to get into my accounts and go after me, and my family and partially some of this is due to keemstar, because I made a video on one of his friends. He went after me big time I have been like [ __ ], with you non-stop, taking down your twitches, taking down your twitters, taking down every social media platform, you have mr bond and uh I've been owning you, he went after everything. He went after anything that I could make money online to get me taken off stream me when he owned a percentage. He went after my twitter, my youtube, my twitch and I was doing really well on all these. By the way he is just non-stop had people going after me, I mean keemstar himself in this video admits to going after my finances anywhere. I could make money he's taking down my twitter, my twitch my youtube multiple times, and I am your god and I mean that you're healthy, I'm, your god [ __, ] god, because anything you create. I [ __ ], destroy like that, and I've been doing it over and over and over and over again, but he was going after my family as well. All because I exposed people that he didn't want exposed. Angry grandpa's son who kept monetizing his dad's death consistently, and people wanted to make videos on the guy, but they have been too scared to. I've tried to tell multiple youtubers about this. I've tried to send them the clip. They don't give a [ __ ], because I'm not relevant anymore. All right. Your twitters gone your [ __ ], uh twitches gone your youtube channel gone so hold on. Let me let me get something clear: leafy was banned on youtube, but he still has accounts elsewhere. So is that the platforming tech's not fully platforming? No, I mean so. What do you call it when you, when you are celebrating the removal of someone from twitter, twitch, youtube and every platform? What do you call that deep platforming? That's what it's called. It's called deep platforming also. I would like to note that he is celebrating he's gr groveling and his victory. Yes, keemstar the champion of free speech. I am untouchable, but you are not you've lost everything you live with your mom and dad all right live with your mom and dad and make no money, because every little outlet that you had to make a few bucks is shut down by me and I'm going to continue doing it over and over and over again, that's perfect control, fetish for like power and control, it's creepy as [ __ ]. Is this video, so creepy? I feel like this really gives you a glimpse into the kind of dude he is. I mean the dude doesn't stand for anything like he just did a whole episode with leafy about how what does it mean? Deplatforming? Oh you didn't deserve it. You don't stand for anything about what other than what benefits you, because how can that same? Dude go on and say this to someone else. It's literally incompatible have something you don't have. I have friends that work at twitter friends, that's literally what he accuses me of that work at twitch friends that work at youtube. That's literally what he accuses me of that he's openly saying: is it because that's what he does so he assumes other people are like that too right, you know, but why is it that I am somehow george source of youtube and and people just it's crazy? The past he gets by the from the commentary community who's just super they just they somehow just don't they're afraid of him, yeah yeah right but like dude, he literally is always accusing me. I mean his whole conspiracy theory is that I got leafy's video shut down because I took a picture with susan once like two or three years ago, which I'll never understand all these people. That think that you got leafy's video removed. If you had that power, why wouldn't you do that? To keem you [ __ ] hate keem, a few, sometimes more than leafy? Oh, that's for sure, and by the way I don't want to say, I do want to say for the record that I was really not bothered by leafy's meme. It didn't bother me. I swear to god. You may not believe me, but I I I totally just thought it's fine. I mean it's fine. He can do that. It's fine, the meme yeah, oh and then the meme had transformed too, where people were like I'd like to see leafy over at my house for tea, like people just turned it into this whole crazy meme, where it took all these different turns and stuff, and it took on a life of its own and that's fine uh keemstar is is an evil. Well, you know. My thing is, I think, keemstar just totally used and abused and disposed of leafy, so yeah keemstar is a piece of [ __ ] and he's just a total [ __ ] hypocrite in the worst way possible. I am [ __ ] untouchable, but you are not and the proof that you're not untouchable is all your accounts that have been shut down for the last couple months and I'm gonna start [, __ ], with your boys too untouchable. Remember that untouchable brit bong untouchable. You can't do [ __ ] to me, but I've done a lot to you when I say I'm going to [ __ ] own you. I need it because I've done it over and over and over again I've done it all summer. Bro where's, your twitter where's, your twitch where's, your youtube they're gone, I'm gonna keep [ __ ] with you. I've been in internet wars before you were even on the internet, kid you're a [, __ ] rookie. No one cares. I get banned. No one tells people I've been banned. No one is that it. I know there was more yeah. I guess that's it! So that's so I mean again the dude doesn't give a [ __ ] about the platforming he'll. Do it to anybody else. You know what I mean same thing with the whole thing about how I can't believe you went after my sponsors. I mean you were doing you've always done that I mean and then j station. It's like okay, everyone says yeah. I know nobody likes leafy, but like do we really want to to get rid? Here's I mean keemstar youtube needs to delete this channel stop j station once again the biggest [ __ ] hypocrite. Just uh, I mean it's beyond hypocrisy. It's just plain sociopathy, it's pure he's. He stands for literally nothing and what was the j station and that was over him faking his girlfriend's death. He he dude j station was a [ __ ] dumpster fire dude. He did all kinds of crap he faked his girlfriend's death. He did ouija boards with people who just passed away. I mean he's a shitty dude right yeah, but again doesn't the same logic apply to j station as it does to leafy. Of course, if you're really a free speech absolute like if that, if this is what it is, then this is what it is, but no I'm the [ __ ] bad guy. This is from six months ago. Is that right who took this? Is this really from six months ago? I think so six months ago, this isn't even that old. He was for deep platforming jstation six months ago. You guys. Do you see how substanceless this man is? He stands for nothing garbage garbage holy crap. I can't believe that was just six months ago I thought he'd be like yeah. I was old. I changed my mind like he did about the uh that one clip of him trying to get this one team's sponsors cancelled because it was old. It was different back then february, 4th 2020. yeah. This just happened: um oops yeah. He is talking about j station. Let's see what he says: miller spirit box challenge at 3 a.m speaks about ariana grande, that's right, j station uploaded a fake video, pretending that he was talking about pretend to actually be outraged by anything. I have no feelings or emotions, though literally just trying to pretend so that I can act so that you think that I'm, a human being jack miller and mac miller was saying, tell ariana, I love her and again. Why was he not canceled because he has children, fans, children watching? Oh, my god, I'm drowning in irony, dude he's setting such a bad example to these children. Recently, kobe bryant just passed away and one of jstation's fans decided to upload his own video of calling kobe wait hold on you're, holding him responsible for what his fans do kobe bryant at 3 a.m- oh my god. He actually answered he's alive and actually, a couple months ago, jstation uploaded another video and you're gonna think this is fake, but this is on youtube. This is real and there were no consequences to this jstation uploaded this video titled. I bought a slave off the dark web and I finally unmasked the slave off the dark web and to make matters worse. The so-called slave he bought on the dark web is a black gentleman. Oh keemstar, don't get me started about race, I'm not a democrat. Well, that's for sure. Oh here's another one. What is this- and I know others trying to cancel shane dawson, let's see youtube. Creators are deathly afraid that this is going to cause another ad apocalypse, so we're just we're just hoping that youtube can somehow do something to like fix this or have some accountability for some of this stuff. That happened on their platform. What because, quite frankly, youtube taking shane's apology and putting on number one trending [Music] doesn't really look that good for youtube, not gonna lie. Moving on moving on this was um. This video was from two months ago of him begging youtube to hold shane responsible. I mean dude, you are literally empty inside. You are for d, platforming people, you don't like you are for removing sponsors from people you don't like. Whenever it benefits you and then you you'll act like this perfect [, __ ] a victim. This perfect martyr for all those things I mean hypocrisy, doesn't even describe what you are jesus man. How do you even show your face? Bro, it's just embarrassing. How embarrassing to be keemstar! It's got to be one of the most embarrassing things in the world to look in the mirror and just be like damn, I'm keemstar, no wonder he's so angry every morning. Can you imagine you wake up and you're like oh [, __ ], not that guy again, when you look in the mirror, you're like oh okay, I'm feeling pretty good. Oh [, __ ], I'm game star! You see this [ __ ] on my face. It's crazy man, what a douche so that's pretty much it eh, oh and then he has the balls. Let's see so he has the balls to tweet out that his he he's mad because him using leafy, didn't work out as good as he wanted. He goes leafy interviews only 10 out of 10. no way monetized, and that means he's referring to the performance of it on youtube. Yeah. You can see here. He shows everything. I just don't think many people understand what that means. Oh yeah! Well, he tweets it all the time he has like a leaderboard, and so it tells you how your video is performing in comparison to your last 10 videos and his is his leafy interview was performing 10 out of 10, the worst performing one and so keemstar is like hold on. I got my buddy banned for this interview and it literally didn't even get me that many views it must be that I'm being suppressed yeah. It must be. Can you imagine this is keemstar every morning oh [ __ ], not that [ __ ] again, no good. I think it's funny expect more laughs laughter. So why are you putting out fake news for me bro? What's g, what that what's that game? So why are you putting out fake news to try to cancel me bro? I know I think everything I said is true. I mean I mean, go ahead and sue me for defamation. Like you want, I mean I don't think not true. I don't think you understand what defamation is to be perfectly honest, because the way you described it is not what defamation is prove it. I mean you said you wanted to sue me. What do I have to prove, but I'm the number one supporter of cancel culture right. We know that now, right right, I mean yeah. We just showed that without it beyond the shadow of a doubt. That's true all right! Thank you! Keemstar uh that felt that was cathartic. How do you think that went I had to get? I haven't talked about this stuff in a while, so you know he's just they're. Just both of them, I mean leafy's, a [ __ ]. He just doesn't own it he's gonna cry and keemstar. Actually just [ __ ] used leafy like a, I want to say, use tampon. You know what I mean. He just took it out of his badge and tried to flush it, but you're not supposed to flush tampons, so he clogged the toilet and then he had to reach in and get the tampon out and dispose of it properly. [Laughter] was that vin diesel right or wrong all right. We can't get back into this. Let's move on so we've got now our final segment that I'm very excited about the karen tier list. You guys are aware of the phenomenon of karen, I'm sure. How would you describe it? It's like women who is it white women? Is it specifically white women um, I think so yeah I feel like it is it's like entitled, white women who just we have like 20 videos or something and they're all white women, so yeah. It is a phenomenon I have to say I've just entitled white women. That just like feel like the rules and ordinary society doesn't apply to them for some reason. Well, before we get started, I do want to say I'm sorry to all the cool karens out there, because their name is just ruined forever. Yeah that sucks, I don't know. How do you live as a karen right now, yeah I mean you were living like up until two years ago, you're just living a normal life as a karen and then all of a sudden. It's like! Oh, your name's, karen. I don't even know how it happened like why karen yeah, I'm hoping for them it will. This meme is kind of dying out and in a couple of years they'll be able to go back to normal life yeah. But if all of a sudden ethan was like a douche like everything, was a douche I'd be like damn yeah. I thought I was the only douche now I [ __ ] up my whole name. All my name bears. Is there like a nickname that karen's can adopt to to avoid the karen label? It's not really like a oh. You want like a like a k-dog or some [, __ ]. So what what our objective here is today is that we've got 18 karen of the most infamous karen videos. A lot of these I haven't seen, and I want to rank them on a tier list from s to f. Now, how do we decide on the power scale of a karen? Basically just by how cariny she is right, like how bad is she as a parent or good, depending on how you define it, but does that make sense to do the criteria make sense yeah, I suppose I mean uh. You know sometimes the way that the karen energy expresses itself. Um can vary quite a bit. You know there's kind of the the more psychotic freakouts the racist ones, there's like the anti-mask ones and so yeah. You know, there's got to be kind of like a through line there. Somehow I agree. I think it's just the general insanity of the karen, but let's, let's, let's watch our first one uh. If this winds up on youtube, I'm suing you that sounds pretty good. Oh here we are sounds like keemstar. Taking my money, so you need to give me my cash and if I end up on youtube, I will personally sue your ass. I'm just talking about this. Oh it's a group of characters, I'm not laughing. Now you want me to show you on my phone that you are please that you are what laughing. If we end up on youtube, I will see you I'm not putting it on youtube. Dude. That baby is so unfazed I feel like. They must be like this all the time. All right, that is gonna, say ready, yeah, because you can't record anything right. Let me tell you my attorney. I love you. Okay, did you get your money? I don't know what they're fighting about. Let's see, maybe it's in here three yeah I mean the three carrying combos, pretty scary yeah. Well, because I don't have any starting point and I and I don't know what they're fighting I'm gonna put her at a c. Maybe a b, they were pretty scary yeah. They were scared. Knowing what's to come, I would say: um yeah, maybe b, maybe b, I'm just going to put them at c, because that baseline, I wrote a on this one, really just one ela. I think it's eight here, yeah they're, pretty terrifying. If I was all right, okay, I'll put it up to b, then I would be worried stepping outside of that yeah. They were threatening her and [ __ ], okay. So let's give her a beat and extra points for the baby being there, a karen in the making [Music] okay, so we got another one uh, let's see karen gets kicked out of a plane for refusing a mask. Now anti-mascarans are some of my favorite breed, so this should be good [Applause]. Oh everyone's clapping videos. Can you turn it up a little bit dan? I feel like it's. Maybe too quiet? Oh, did she say something about racism, or did I yeah she did she said that this was racism that was happening? Oh everybody's, white or well. Here's one black girl. Well, it's racism against white people. That's what yeah, but I was just saying like everybody there. Oh everybody else. That's a good point. I mean who's. I just really. I mean that one. I really enjoy white on white hate crimes right. I really enjoyed the the the second one that tries to start arguing. The cop is just like all right. I mean I don't again the mask thing. Obviously they had it up to here with her. This is her clapping. That's awesome, I think just because it the it got, resolved pretty quick there. So I'm gonna have to give her a d. Okay, um right yeah. It was pretty epic to see her go though I enjoyed it. I mean don't get me wrong, but, like this girl would [ __ ] this girl compared to her and her whole gaggle of karen's scared me straight yeah. This is fun. I like this, I'm gonna go deep. Was that a sound bite? I I have a feeling that was a sound, but that was a sound bite. Do you know me? No, I know who lives here. You know who lives here. You know who lives here. Yeah I do. How do you know that? I don't? Let me tell you how, because I was here when this neighborhood was built, and I knew every single person who bought in here are you here since 2010.? Are you serious right now so serious? Then you know everybody. You know everyone that lives in my neighborhood you live here. We do live. Yes, that's great! If you live here, do you live here? Yes, [, __, ], okay, cheers I'm not giving you my address! Dude! Oh wow! This is a high rank for me. Oh my god, because it's like it's like how could you possibly presume to know everybody that lives in a neighborhood you can see on our face the moment she sees she's wrong, but then she can't give up she's gotta like keep pushing. Oh she's like you might live here, not you um and also like. Why do you care if they're at the pool I the whole thing is just like one of those things is like like wow. This is this gives me big karen vibes, I mean these girls were scarier. So how does see this? This is kind of our bench. Gotta go up um. I still so maybe they go up to a uneasy about those girls. Maybe they go up to an a and she goes to a b yeah, because she was, I mean she really encapsulates the karen. These people were more just I mean yeah. I guess these were super cairns. I don't know what to say you're right honestly, if I'm being honest, they could even be us. We can't say that no, we have to reserve s. We can't do that, but you're right. Those are pretty scary. All right! Next up, let me see here, let's see who's. Our next karen face right here. Welcome the new challenger. This girl. I love this. This is awesome. Hey hit f a couple times on photoshop to full screen, yeah one sec: okay, okay, oh that's! Not it! There! We go all righty karen. The next karen on our docket is paper karen whatever that means, let me see your papers. She says see more on my walk area things. Can you stay away? You're too close to me right now? Are you not wearing a mask? Can you step away? Okay, can you show me your papers? What what can you move away? I know, can you show me your papers? Can you move away? You wanna switch papers. Yes, your immigration yeah your papers, oh my god. Oh what a [ __ ] she's got such an evil. That's that's super caring dude! I don't know yeah. Let me see your papers like such a power girl like you have. No, you have and then standing right in his face during covid. I mean hey. You think so, because that let me see your papers is like I'm gonna [ __ ] deport you yeah, which is kind of the most menacing of all. It's like I'm gonna [ __ ] your whole life up yeah. I gave her an a that was pretty wild, so cold as well. Karen ranting about wearing a face mask in her car. Oh wait hold on probably 45 minutes. Oh I love this. Let me bring her photo up because I like to introduce the karen here she is. This is awesome. I love this [ __ ]. So here is karen, face mask edition. Instead of having it on it's first time, I've worn one. I am disoriented, I'm a little mad if you can't tell that already like I'm very I'm I'm frustrated, but I don't feel good physically, like I can tell you right now. I wasn't getting enough oxygen and I just had on one of these little stupid things I feel dizzy. My hands are kind of tingly. My heart is beating fast, so some of it's an emotional reaction, but some of it's a physical reaction. I understand the virus is real. Okay, I understand the virus. Is real friends, look at the numbers and tell me why everybody's living in fear tell me why we're putting these things on and not being able to breathe. I just want to cry like that's. All I want to do is cry because you can't see people's faces. Oh you can't make human connections. I love that we can't hug people. We can't hold their babies, oh I'm at the end of it, I'm just simply at the end of it it doesn't make sense. I can't believe how hard her life is. This is all over being a little uncomfortable for five minutes. It looks like she's in the parking lot of a grocery shop yeah. She probably had to go shopping, ralph's or some [, __ ], or what I always say rouse, but that's like a west coast thing. What's this, what's a grocery store, that's everywhere in the us uh target, I don't know a lot of them are regional. I mean walmart sells they're all owned by the same [, __ ]. They just try to trick yourself kroger. This doesn't make sense. Is that safeway doing it the unsafe way? [Music]? And it's I'm not okay with it, nothing about what we're doing is supported by the numbers that are out there. Those of you that know me like, I am one of the most compassionate caring people you will ever meet. How is this right and I do care about you, but I also care about me and my children and my family, and I do care about my rights and it's probably the last time I'm wearing this, because I feel terrible. I feel emotionally terrible, but I feel physically, like it affected me so anyway, I have a feeling. This was during the beginning of when this started happening and I feel like she was proven wrong, yeah well, uh. It says right on the timestamp. This is may so yeah. The number the numbers have gone up may was pretty good. We were in there, yeah was we were in some [ __ ] in may, although that's just when it was posted on this twitter account. Oh, this is from a twitter account called karen's gone wide yeah. This uh I've been keeping an eye on this account shout out to whoever runs this so hmm. So on one hand I mean she's at least she's just doing it to herself in the car. That's a really. I think that counts for a lot yeah as much as like the care and energy. There is, I think, in her case, it's really it's actually more sad yeah, because you just see those effects of just living in a pandemic. It is very weird: it's tough! It's really, but you gotta wear the it's very unnatural to be wearing a mask the whole day and you can't, but you guys, smile at people. I I was. I love that argument. You can't, I can't see their faces when they smile um, but she's, not bothering anyone. She is possibly infecting people which is not good, but overall, it is a very iconic one. It's one of my favorite. The truth is that this karen, how does this compare um, hair, comparing because she got kicked off, comparing I feel like maybe she's lower yeah, because she got kicked off a plane. That's pretty happy yeah we're getting a better sense for this. Now, all right. The next karen is: let's see this, who we've got? Oh just a target logo? Oh uh! This is uh. First person is the thing, so we don't actually have an image. Apparently whoever this is. She was arrested, so it's gotta be good, so this is target karen. Finally, we meet the end of the road. I have been looking forward to this [ __ ], all my [ __ ] life, so uh target did she say: she's been looking forward to this [ __ ], all her life yeah. What could bot? What? What possibly? Could that mean like [Music] this? This is good caring, energy. I'm getting an s here, this shit's over this shit's over this shit's over this shit's over this shit's over yeah they're, just gonna put them back up there and sell them [Music]. No, I'm not doing it. We don't. We don't want any of this anymore. This is over oh [Music], wow, okay, all right! You need to stop or we'll take you in all right, like it's a punishment for me to go sit in my range rover, but I'm doing it. I just don't want you enough, you don't know she keeps grabbing nobody right now, you're calling me annoying fine. I won't talk to anybody or bother anybody that is pretty incredible. She's tearing down racks, she's, asserting her world beliefs on everybody, she's harassing everybody she's even been arrested, she's bragging about her wealth. It's pretty high up there, pretty crazy, though too, so I don't know like if she's having an episode yeah, because she said you're letting everybody else do it. Why can't I do it and that seems a little light. I think it's in reference to the uh. I think this happened right around the time that the riots had started so she's, making reference to, like god she is so exhausting. I gotta give her. She is such a f right that lady is the worst. That's us for you. I mean dude she's she's, the worst. What is she for you? I don't know. I'm just surprised that you just go for that she's a so maybe she's a because I don't know dude. She really annoyed me, I'm kind of with you on the s ethan, okay, that one was pretty big. What do you guys think? What do? What do you guys? Think god I love? Oh then vin diesel loves her zach and ian. What do you write her? I'm gonna go on that one you say yeah, I wouldn't be mad with an s all right! Oh wow! There you go. Do it there, you go captain america yeah there you go wow, yes, that lady's the [ __ ] worst like she's, got all the racial issues. The class issues, the harassment I mean she hits everything whoa what's going on here, all right, let's find out I'm intrigued. Is she using panties as a face mask, looks like it? I'm intrigued. I'm turned on too talk to me. Baby talk to me, baby karen uses underwear as a mask, and then they told her to wear a mask because she wasn't black. What oh she says that talk to me baby. Oh, what is wrong with you. Girl, oh well hold on her at is crazy. Oh no, not her! Yeah! That's not her crazy! Karen's july. You know celebrate that corner of this shelf. Here, freedom according to hitler's. They literally can't tell me that I can't come in here, but they did so. You understand you're wearing a thong on your face. You freak she's, trying to make people have just lost it. Do you understand how crazy you look turn this off true story that last post so incredibly frustrating they were so rude, um, unbelievable um. They were wrong anyway. You know going with a thong on your face. How uncomfortable are you making everyone feel yeah and not covering your germs? Right, of course, there's that here's, what's even better not wearing a mask, is rude. It's dangerous! I mean if you're gonna talk about being rude, you're the one endangering people you're being rude preach it as I was walking out of the storm getting in my car um. There was a man who walked in no mask, they didn't say anything to him, but that was probably because he was black and I might I think they call that black privilege, oh wow, what a way to end it wow did you follow him the whole time? Do you know right? How did she even she said that when she was leaving disgusting like they're supposed to tackle him immediately? Well, I mean so so I don't know that was sad. What do you see? Where do you see see the immigration? Lady is just a bee. Now I feel like that's not right. Oh wait! No, no! That's the you don't live here. I think she's on that level. I think she's. Really. You can't give her more than that. Okay, she was just bitching in private black privilege, yeah, that's what you call. It never heard of it unlike white privilege, which is walking around with a thong on your face and not being taken to the looney bin. It's true, though they're so [ __ ] sexy. She does look good. I think there is a distinction between the ones that um that are freaking out in public versus on their instagram yeah or whatever. Yes, right, in fact, that's true. She was covering her face, I'm going to say it's not as bad as being uncovered well, at least she put panties, but it doesn't really cover well, it helps I'm just saying, probably maybe so, let's give her a c she's on par with the airplane lady. That was disgusting, though, when I hate her [Laughter] good channel that hatred, let's see the face of our next karen, who do we have ah a shopping cart. I love these. These are so fun. This is nine um lovely young, karen, throwing a fit over being asked to wear a mask, lovely young karen, who wrote that I think that was just the title of the reddit wow. This has 25 million views holy crap. This is a viral karen moment. This is awesome, I'm 25 million, oh wow. I don't give a [ __ ]. I remember that she is [Music]. She just spent a lot of time shopping for [Music]- oh, oh, that's it! Okay, she's at checkout, she's done she's done all of her grocery shopping and they're refusing to check her out. That's what I'm assuming I'm, not sure why that one went super viral I mean some of the other ones. I've seen are much wilder, it's pretty wild yeah. I guess so but like how does that compare I mean it sounds low tier it sounds. It is kind of low, I'm going to be honest. The views set my expectations pretty high and I feel like I was disappointed, a d. Let me think well, no she's, definitely better than d, because she was throwing groceries everywhere, but she's not as well. I think she's, a b tier karen. Actually that's pretty high for how disappointed you sounded. Well, I'm just trying to be objective. What do you guys think, I think c is more than fair. I mean it's b b d, not really impressed wow he's going all the way down with e I'm kind of I wait. You said e yeah yeah, I said d d, I'm sorry d d, but she's got to be worse than this. Woman was just complaining in her car that she was throwing [ __ ] everywhere. It's more of my issue with the with the camera work too far away vertical, I'm going to put her at a c because she was throwing [, __ ]. I haven't thought about criticizing the the production yeah. That's hardly her fault. I mean come on yeah, but I mean you know you're, just taking in the whole video as that's not a 26 million view. I got it yeah, that's true yeah, but you can't com. You can't uh put that on her and that's just not fair yeah, but we're not judge we're. Judging the the whole package. No we're not we're. Judging the karen. This is we're raiding the karen, not the cameraman. I still think like. If she had tipped over the shopping cart, it would bump her up several notches yeah. But let's just put her just tossing it out, I do think she should be lower than the black privilege girl. Really no, she was just she didn't bot. I mean she was just on instagram. That comment isn't yeah, but she didn't say it to the guy if she said it to the guy, she would be way up. When does it matter? I guess it matters, but she still said it because she's not in public. She didn't. You know what I'm saying she was cowardly enough to not say it. So that's the thing I think when we're judging on on karen energy, the karen energy very much to me, didn't she put it up, though, on instagram yeah, but it's you doing it directly to somebody makes you the ultimate character right mm-hmm. Well, then, this girl was throwing stuff. That's what I'm saying pretty much at people right. If you look at who was recording they weren't that far from the stuff. That's why I gave her a c. You think she should be higher yeah you I mean, I think c is a good conversation. Let's stay on c yeah yeah! I I think she should be higher, but I'm uh, I'm out voted here. Oh well, zach makes a compel. Why do you think she should be higher zach? I I figure like if you saw that [ __ ] in public, like I mean but that'd, be insane right. Yeah I mean I know we're watching a video but like what, if you're, actually there I mean I'd, be yeah. I'd, definitely stop and watch well. What, if you're almost at the range that it would hit you? Let's move her up to b. Let's move her up, good call, zach all right, all right, let's see who's next, oh. What do we have here looks familiar 10 karen and coffee shop wearing masks and coughing on someone. Oh now we're cooking. Now we are cooking [Music]. It says she doesn't know she's being recorded. She was called out for not wearing them and then she went coughed on them. Oh when she saw the camera in her face she freaked she's like oh, oh, oh, I just committed a crime [Music], that's pretty high level, caring yeah ass dear. I think it's just because, like during a pandemic to go cough on someone I mean that's straight up a crime and just all you're doing is picking up your coffee yeah. That's it. You guys all agree with your life, real quick, I think I'd say yes, too yeah. That's that's and I love how like I just love the defeat when she sees you yeah yeah, it's a full package. Wow, that's awesome! Uh, let's use next! Oh I don't know what goes on here, but I like it the pointing the anger. Let's see karen and trader joe's, refusing to wear a mask. Oh, she also made it on the news. We have a part two. This is great. I love it. This is day one. This is opening day of trader joe's in north hollywood. Oh this is karen woo oh, come on yeah, it's so pathetic how people make it political? Oh my god- and this is an la of all places, so she apparently goes on the news. Let's, let's get the uh before we make our judgment. Bro. Let's see how far this goes. The woman in that cell phone video told me a medical condition, prohibits her from wearing a mask. I do have a breathing problem, basically from my nose. She said that night, the store manager alive without the mask jj said go right ahead. Just for today go ahead without a mask. She said an employee offered to shop for her and she could wait outside, but she said she preferred to shop for herself and the demand started yelling at her phew, where you're at dude, one of the employees would like all shop for you yeah and she said no. I have to have it my way. These people are so exhausting. She said she felt threatened and nobody, nobody was helping me so at that point is what they show in the video. So anyone harassing me to wear masks. You guys are violating federal law attorney. Steve meister told me he doesn't know what she's talking about. He said the cdc degree in law, ass mandate and he wishes they would my doctor would not let me wear math. She was upset saying nobody would help her in those moments I felt like they were acting like pigs. Do I regret it? No, I mean not really in those moments, I don't she was asked to leave, but she didn't so. I stood there and I said I'm not moving, because I didn't do anything wrong. Police were called no charges filed and she went home. She says she won't be coming back to this trader joe's. I think that's a good idea for everybody. I mean that is pretty fantastic, yeah, that's high level, [ __ ] right there I mean- maybe I think, maybe an eight here, yeah she's, not quite to the point of s, but certainly at least an a. What was the walmart one. I forget, because I don't see the face: the target yeah, the target, one that was ripping all the masks off and then talking about the range rover and yeah yeah yeah and bye god. What did what an ugly person I mean like inside, like what a what a horrible human being, I think how she says that she feels threatened, but it's like she's you're, the one. That's like you're, threatening everybody with the sickness right and also she's the one screaming and putting her finger in everyone's face. Nobody was even raising their voice to her who we got here. Oh no, I know her. This is karen. This is definitely like final boss, karen, let's watch you remember this one ela no you're gonna love this. This is good [ __ ]. Is this your property hi, I'm asking you got the craziest face. Why are you watching because it's private property, because it's private property- so are you defacing private property? Or is this so we're just saying absolutely your signs and everything and that's good? This is not. This is not the way to do it. Okay, it's private property, but if I did live here and it was my property, this would be absolutely fine and you don't know if I lived here or if this is my property, you actually do know. That's why we're asking? Oh really because you live here right. You said, because we know the person who does live here- oh okay, his house, then I suggest you call him or call the police or um, because you're accusing me of a crime correct what I'm asking you is. Why are you and I'm not answering you? Okay, that's fair! That's fair! So your choices are to call the cops if you believe I'm calling a crime, and I will more than be happy to talk to him. Okay, thank you. What's your name again, I'm lisa what you watching lisa! What's your name, sir? What's your last name, sir, what is your first name, sir? I I'm not answering. I'm not hugging! You you're talking to me, I'm asking you the questions. Well, we're not doing anything illegal. Neither am I actually really black lives matter. That's karen and she's calling the cops- and this is gonna- be really funny because she knows the people who live here personally, so he lives there there. This was actually a viral uh karen moment there was a whole news. Let's see what happened, because this is in the news I somehow missed this one. Oh dude, her face is like uh the face of the guarantee james, jaime juanito he's lived at this home for 18 years 18 years. This isn't someone who just moved in business on tuesday afternoon. He started stenciling with chalk. My first instinct is again this again. Well we're not doing anything illegal. Neither am I actually he lived there for 18 years. I assumed maybe he was new to the neighborhood or something call the call. If anything, I feel like they actually lisa and robert I'll be right here and she decided to call men with guns because of my chalk, art juanilo says he knows many of the police officers in the neighborhood and that they didn't even get out of their car. Shortly after this video was taken from the person. This is san francisco's. Maybe richest whitest hood. Multiple people have identified the woman in the video as lisa alexander who's, the ceo of a skincare line called lafayette. Oh my god, the ceo of a skincare line we reached out to her multiple times, but got no response. Of course. People is why black lives matter. I feel bad that she got like probably her whole life [ __ ]. Up though I mean I mean a little bit, I don't know just plain racist: what's the problem with the sign? No, the, of course there's nothing. I just feel bad that, like I, don't feel a tiny bit. It's just crazy. How like one stupid decision, I didn't even realize it was chalk at first yeah juanillo, says he's a proud gay filipino. Who knows what discrimination feels like this guy? This is the first time we can all agree on that yeah. I love how he handled that he's a legend so well. She's definitely got karen vibes forever. So hey! That's there for me, really oh yeah! Well, she called the police on a dude doing his chalk stencil. So that's pretty epic on his own house. You guys think ester. I mean the only thing that gives me a reservation is she's very polite with her care and energy. No, but it's like cold psycho, oh for sure, no, it's psychotic, but at least she's polite, because she's actually wrong yeah, I mean no, but she ended up calling the police. So I don't think she thought she was ever wrong. I think she knew there was a chance because, obviously she didn't know who actually lives there right that was made up. You guys think s or a I I'd go ass. I personally go probably a I don't think tie breaker yeah I'd I'd, give her an a yeah. It wasn't enough chaotic energy exactly exactly like. It's definitely bad, but at least she wasn't screaming. You know which a lot of these are that's a fair point, even though it was like psycho threatening cold energy, but she wasn't screaming, but look at her eyes, though yeah it's I don't know. Sometimes you don't have to scream to be so. Uh she's scared, yeah, she's, she's top scary, but like are we really gonna compare to coughing on somebody? Well, if you call so, if you call the police on somebody, you kind of are willing to and he's kind of dark-skinned you're willing to. Hmm, I don't know, I don't feel the s in my heart. That's fine! I think it's a tear now this girl, we all know she's mega famous karen and I feel an s tear coming up here- the dog part the infamous dog park. Actually this woman got charged for a crime of reported, false, false police reports report. This one went like mega [ __ ] viral 45 million views, wow, I'm sure everyone's seen this don't come close right yeah. Would you she's just so wrapped up in the moment, threatening my life? Please tell them whatever you like, so the back story. As I understand it, is that he asked her to please put her dog on a leash because he's scared of dogs or wow, whatever it's a dog you're supposed to have your dogs on a leash here and so sh. If it's not a dog park, you're technically supposed to have them on a leash, I feel so bad for this poor dog. Look how she's handling it! I mean what the hell lady look at this poor dog you can't for like no reason you can't spend a dog by the neck. What is he doing he's recording me and threatening me dude? Please put your dog down it's hard to watch honestly me it's hard to watch. I feel so bad for the dog that it's kind of hard to look anywhere else yeah, but she's asked well. The thing is like she's super unhinged, let's see, uh she's was arrested and hit with a one count of foster reporting an incident. In the third degree, a misdemeanor in manhattan was this in central park. She also lost her job, doesn't look like it. I think it was yeah. I think so. Her life was ruined from this video as well yeah yeah, which you know. I don't feel this way about life's good enough. I don't yeah. Actually I don't feel bad in this case for her, because his life requested she was. She was trying to [ __ ]. She was like saying horrible lies about him, so the previous late good thing it was recorded. Really I mean the previous lady is kind of like the same case. Calling the cops during like his response was to the police. Brutality. Like you know, what's going on in the country with the police, she didn't. She just said hey. I think this dude's committing a crime. She was like he's threatening me yeah, that's different right. She was so she was trying to provoke like an armed response. This woman's like a danger to society. Frankly, yeah she's asked here, there's no really debating that. Is there yeah? No, that's us yeah, especially choking the dog, while yeah that poor dog, what the hell man, oh interesting, karen, comes over to a group to tell them to play american music. I love that. What exactly is american music? I don't know talk to them because you have unfortunately, oh I know I know- is bye. Bye, bye, bye, bye in america. Thank you, they're puerto rican is that he said I think yeah [Laughter] yeah, that's that's the a tier in my opinion, yeah god, the husband or whoever like the uncomfortable smile. Is you know it's brutal. I I often hear this and I don't really understand it, but you hear from these racists like you, can you're only allowed to partake in american activities in america, american music you're only allowed to eat you're only allowed to speak english yeah. It's it's just it's it's! So weird, it's like such it's such a weird misunderstanding of even what america is weirdos um we're coming up on the end here. We should pick our favorite karen by the way. At the end, this woman, I, like the lighting very dramatic. This is angry. Karen break tears down black lives matter. Mural unprovoked awesome, do not do this. This is stage. My aunt then put up your own stuff. This is not. This is my freedom of speech. This is my. This is my freedom of speech and george soros. You don't need this violence. Oh my god, you are being violent. What they're trying to have a mural for george floyd and she's, tearing it up? What up? Stick? Oh arguing it! You are brainwashed, there's a stage like stop people. Oh this is [Music] such a hateful person. Ah I mean not much was shown, but that's pretty high level. I mean that's like assault. It's racism. It's q, anon vibes, it's ass. I love it. Yeah trump loves q anon. I said I love it. I was doubting if I heard you right, but he clarified. Oh, we needed to have. Instead of s q, q and not so maybe we should do a um. We should do a final round to to crown the cube here. Let's see, there's three more here we go top three q energy there, too emt saying stabbing victim harassed because karen wants them to move the ambulance out of the way hi ma'am. What's your uh? What's your view on all this? I think that he needs to know who the ambulance yeah because he's blocking you in yeah, so the ambulance is dealing with the stabbing victim should move because you're inconvenienced the world is not going to stop. If that was critical, they wouldn't be sitting in a parking lot right, yeah, okay, so she wants to get out. Oh yeah, I'm sorry that people don't like that. That's just tough [ __ ]! Why are you harassing first responders doing their job, though no I asked them to move. I wasn't harassing oh you're on [Music]. Listen! If that was an emergency crisis, they wouldn't stay there. Um, I'm not super impressed. This is low tier carrying yeah. I mean I unders. I understand wanting to get out. You know [ __ ] that let's put her with the ds out, get out get out can't find my mouse here. It is all right who else we got two more left, oh she's, covering her face. Oh karen won't calm down. Hmm, I think I have seen this one. Karen are you okay? Can you explain to me calmly? No, because you're attacking me right now, I'm not attacking you ma'am! You flicked me off you're, ready to take it guys. This is her license plate number she lives here. This is her address [Music]. Unless she takes the virus. You cut me off and flipped me off and now you're playing the victory ma'am. Would you like to calm down? Oh my god. This is so sick guys she flipped me off. She literally clipped me off and then she tried to come home she's karen karen. Would you like to calm down and have a conversation? Why are you wait? Hang on? He followed her no yeah. This is kind of weird. I think this guy's a little [ __ ] up too sounds like they had an altercation and he followed her home yeah and then he's showing her license and [ __ ] yeah and calling her karen. I don't know I don't like this guy's vibe and clearly this woman is like not okay, yeah yeah. I need to see the full story here. You know I don't like this guy's vibe yeah he's relentless I'm trying to let you talk just bounce look at her. Okay. She flipped you off move on dude this guy's kind of the karen, I have to say he's dude he's the karen he's, the ken he totally. He thinks she's the karen, but he's the karen. What did we say? Todd todd, yeah, todd god, bro you're, a [, __ ]. I actually I'm getting crazy todd energy from the guy filming just move on. So what so she caught you off. Why is she fortunate? She literally flipped me off. She cut me off. Okay, I have it on camera and then you followed her home bro you're, a todd, [ __ ] you try driving in israel. That happens. Every five minutes I gotta say I don't know about this one I think you're, a todd. Bro he's got crazy. I'm gonna give him a b for being a todd. I think he gets a b yeah yeah wow [ __ ], that guy kind of I mean I don't know the whole story, but he fall first of all. If you follow someone home and then hit run at them and the driver with your phone on getting their license plate, and all this I mean dude yeah nah and finally, what is this? Is there tongue out? Maybe, oh, oh a karen zombie. Oh no! This one is incredible. I have seen this one [ __ ], oh, oh, oh, you think she wins. She might just be like crazy, yo, mom baby girl who the [ __ ] is baby girl, hello. He just called hello. What are you doing crazy, [, __ ], you know you have the best night at the clock. Oh, why is she so obsessed with trying to get in there? Look at her head. It's already bleeding! Damn crazy! Look at the top of her head bad grain! I want to go check her. You hate to see it boy out of here stupid, ass, [Music] arrested. Is this karen energy or just like crazy yeah, I mean that's a good question. I don't know I I think she was really drunk too dude, because I don't understand that argument. She got bounced out of the bar and she was wasted and she and then starts head running head first into the doors and licking and seeing some crazy [ __ ] at bars man. I never see anything like that. In my life I mean that is. What do you guys think? Is this ester or do we give her a pass? Yeah I mean I I had to include it because it's just so [ __ ] funny. I I don't know if this is really an exemplary uh. Karen. To be honest, I think that's very um very fitting for a q tier, because it's just kind of like the x factor next level, not necessarily so you think she's, the ultimate karen say, I'm not sure she's, the ultimate karen she's more. I agree. She's kind of cute like in a whole nother realm yeah, but ian and zach. Do you guys? Where do you place her on the power scale? I love this video, so much um yeah, but can't rate the karen. I I mean. Is it really a caring? I don't think so. Yeah there's a lot of skepticism yeah. I don't think it's a karen. I think it's just a crazy ass lady [ __ ] hilarious though yeah yeah. I don't know it's just I'm confused. So, let's just yeah, it's tough yeah! Let's keep her off the scoreboard, so we've got just to recap: we've got girl who tore down the the mask display at target. We've got coughing in someone's face right, we've got the central park, dog choker and then we've got the black lives matter. Anti-Protester. Actually I think I know who I want to pick who you got. I think my q level is the coughing coffee shop. I mean it's the craziest bitchiest [ __ ], just so stu. I just the fact that you would go up and cough on someone during a pandemic is just so [ __ ]. I'm moving everyone down so that she can occupy her own tear. Oh, but what do you guys think I? I gotta put the target lady on the same tier really, but you have to choose one just the for like tearing all those masks, I mean she was crazy. Don't get me wrong, she didn't cough on anyone. Damn I mean that's true. You see the threat of the physical harm is. That is that is that really, karen? You know yeah she caught well because it's the cough! It's like you could pass it off. It's like! Oh! I didn't. I was just coughing. Well, what do you? I mean uh ela, who's, yours here, um, that's pretty good! She was definitely next level. Anyone else he and zach going for a kind of a curveball I'd go trader joe's karen, the one that made on the news wait, which one was this one uh yeah you give her the coveted s rank. I think that's just insane like it's [, __ ]. The fact she made it on the news is even better there's something to be said about the the complete lack of regret. Even after the fact I agree like she was really defending her actions in that news club, but this lady went and coughed on somebody dude yeah yeah. No, that I can't really argue with that. I mean that is that's pretty top tier, but it's an interesting choice for her for for trader joe's for trader karen and eli, you guys haven't given me an answer. We have to decide here. We are not leaving until we decide. I'm just not sure I guess. What's the criteria anymore, it's in your heart and soul. I mean I picked my favorite, it's the f lady, which one the queue. Oh, are we picking our favorite like? What are we doing here and energy you're confusing me caring energy, but I think we decided she's, not really a karen wait. The zombie is that the one you were talking about: yeah, okay, she's, not a character she's, just a zombie right, a zombie is disqualified, crazy, [Music]! All right! Nobody nobody's giving me a compelling argument here. Okay, so I pick his target. You know for better or worse, that's my top tier yep. I would go with your pk, then I mean yeah yeah, probably the target. Lady. Hmm, that's two for target, so wait. We've got these two accelerate and then so target and coughing well for narrowing it down to two. I think I'd go with the coughing one there it is coughing lighting wins. We have a champion there. It is the karen. I love it! Well done man there. It is the karen olympics 2020. We have our grand champion coughing in a coffee shop. Let's watch it one more time. Just to do. You have some kind of triumphant music, uh, hmm yeah, that we can kind of play over this. Let me see what number was she chariots of fire? Congratulations to coffee shop, karen! She is our victor. She is number one [Music] top caring energy delivering a cough hurry around the world. Oh I'm being recorded. Ah karen, we got you. We got you this time, girl, maybe next time, you'll you'll be all right, dude! Well, [Music]. What can you say? I mean congratulations to her. Congratulations to keemstar on getting uh teddy, fresh and theodora's college fund. Thank you to the greatest members in the world. Thank you for watching our podcast number 27 in the united states. What an honorable position to be wow! Thank you to all the karen's. Congratulations number one karen and I want to say sorry again to all the actual cool karens yeah. I really do feel bad and um. Don't worry! Your name will be cool again. I agree. True. It's almost over shout out to the cool karens, congratulations to keemstar for getting theodore's college fund and congratulations to leafy on his speed run of trying to get banned from pokemon server as well as youtube pokemon, pokemon pokemon. It was kind of between pokemon and pokemon [ __ ] pokeman uh, like gucci mane. Thank you all. We will see you on well, we'll see you tomorrow for h3 after dark and then on monday. Cody co will be with us, which is very exciting. So with that being said, see you guys next time.