Five four: three: two welcome everybody to the h3 podcast extravaganza: bonanza whoa. Yes, yes, it is us ethan and ela klein back with another episode. We are back joined by, of course, producer dan intern in and sound lad, Zach. What a terrific game we've got and I. Thank all of you you're my trifa cooper troopers out there who join us on this beautiful Friday. We've got a lot to get to a lot to say. First of all, thank you to our sponsors, expressvpn and stamps.com yeah. How are you feeling on this beautiful glorious, God's, Friday I am entering the last trimester of the pregnancy yeah, meaning three months left and also meaning I'm starting to suffer yeah and I can't fit into any clothes yeah. You got this your pant, the pants ooh. You are crazy. You got like this fat girdle. Are you wearing it now down the way? Yeah? No, not the underwear the dirt. No, anyway, you was getting big as a house. It's free! You can't hide in a sand pit, show just that. You don't have to don't lift your shirt, but just to see like when she walks around it's like and well that's terrific. It always looks nice and big on camera for that shirt hides it well yeah, but I feel like you could give lessons on how to hide the pregnancy like you're such a pro I swear. I. Forget that you're pregnant it's because I don't like when I'm wearing tight clothes. I never did so. That's just my immediate. It's my style, mmm I, don't even own anything, really tired, all right, yeah! So well! There you have it guys from the ELA herself. Now first up, I want to get a little light heart because, as you could tell from the title of this episode, we've got some stuff to discuss. We watched the Michael Jackson documentary leaving Neverland. We also wash our Kelly, have a breakdown, those lots to say about that I'm looking forward to discussing, but we've got some stuff to get started with as Zack found it wait. This isn't it oh. This is the cheese slice I thought this was the the Instagram masseuse where's that at the top I. Don't see it some there's some black. Oh that's what it is. What weird on me black and blue Zack yeah? How did you find this um just scrolling through Instagram fusion healing, so this really shocked us. She expect to feel and expect to hear as blockage stagnation releases from the body they channel through me as a vessel to the earth so she's giving this woman a really intense. Is there something there is sound yeah there's none I hear it. I was just quiet at the beginning, so she's getting in there and then I think we got it really. That's what's up man. So in theory, I guess is that she's channeling the bad energy and then it comes out and burps yeah she's like grounding the chakras. You know there's some dudes with like burp fetishes like yo. Can you pull that on my face? Yeah that was I would be like that juicy, not burping. It's actually. It looks nice, but she's yeah and I was like damn. What's that? What is she doing I'm trying to do that, then she just lays a real nasty stinky one. She doesn't really even look away like like if you rip like the prayers, would it work if it was a guy? Oh, if it was a male masseuse? Absolutely not! No. You have to be pretty young girl to pull that off what if I channeled dark energy through farts just rip a fat one, sorry, babies, just the dark arts, it's just the dark energy channeling through me, you're looking for some fusion healing, so do people expect it yeah. It's part of the whack. Go for that's her! Expelling the you know, dark energy, so I would love to start. That's almost like a Nathan for you, Plaza, where you can pick a masseuse. We chose it through their ass or through their mouth. I. Just love the idea of a masseuse ripping a fat ass I was thinking, maybe a curb bit the glare he goes in for a massage right, yeah. There's a lot to do with this. Have you guys heard about the throwing cheese on your bait and your your newborn child's face? I kind of did, but I have no idea. Why Oh? What let me introduce you guys? This is the video I saw on Instagram that started it when you toss a slice of processed cheese onto your baby's face. So this is a trend on facebook, I guess an Instagram a me: a sweet, innocent child that I love, how about being humiliated seal? Are you watching this yeah? Why the kid looks horrified they're like out there like they're like here's, what we're gonna do we have a new meme. It's super awesome. What this new meme is is get let's get as close to child abuse, as we can be able to monetize it. Yeah I mean that's yeah, that's bad, so Ian who started this. Why I think they just think it's funny and they got Facebook like so they're like let's go now. Ian did some work for us in Tulsa this compilation you put together. I was just scrolling a think, cheese challenge, hashtag on Instagram and there's a lot a lot of people doing this and what kind of video did you see? Any videos that shock to you I mean other than the obvious, like the whole thing is shocking, but was there any worse than others? Well, like the ones that had a couple thousand likes, the baby would laugh, but if you went deep and found like five or six likes, they really smacked that baby. With that cheese they throw the cheese hard yeah yeah they nailed that baby, who is this person that we were just watched, I feel bad watching this yeah that guy dude what's wrong with you I'm about to have a kid I can't imagine doing this to my beautiful innocent, loving, pure child you're gonna throw a piece of all things: American, cheese, it's like humiliating them right out right at the gate. Look at this poor kid! They start laughing at it hello. Why did you do this to me? I hate this person, I hate everyone who does this yeah this people support despite his pants all right here we go cheese challenge! Take one! Alright! Here we go it's a cheese challenge. Get me a pack of smokes yeah! You can't just kid: it's like punching someone in the stomach be like I'm, just kidding No right here. Where did you behind this who's behind? This did Dan just sneak that in right now, when he came in you had this in your pocket, the whole time. How long were you buying this I can't tell you wow yeah, you hit my head here. Don't move? Oh I'm, gonna, choose you hey ela, I love! You, oh [, __ ]! All right! You want to choose me it's hard for respect to these parents. Now I got a small target too, with the little baby face. I wonder if this is a game. Michael Jackson play it at home, catch the cheese. That's what's up! I kissed! You yes got him! Now you got to eat it. Don't waste food confirm it doesn't feel good. I, don't know any quality. We get the idea. Why is that? Even it's not why don't you just throw a piece of poop on it's like white, American cheese? Why stop there finding it funny just kind of place it on the kids face almost and it's like? Oh, that was very forceful. Yeah, like smacks like that, it's like come on yeah, so this lady, pretty much threw it a full-force like almost like this lady is getting out some hate she has towards her baby. Like is that, what's going on here, they're like I, got this American cheese challenge I hate my baby, I'm gonna, throw it at its face like look how hard she throws it. That's unreasonable, she's, the girls like mom I, trust you, and this is how serial killers are born. Mm-Hmm. You can see them on the on the couch of their therapist 20 years later. You know, kids have a sense of humor and they'll, usually laugh at like slapstick comedy whatever funny faces, and this kids are not even smiling no they're shocked. What is wrong with you, the ultimate betrayal I am so freakin I'm excited, I'm, nervous, I'm, scared, I can't believe I'm gonna be a dad in three months. Wow yeah damn and give us got this huge stomach and there's like a baby in it, and it's kicking all the time and yeah. The weird thing is the father is that I, don't Ella has a much stronger connection already to the baby, because I just forget she's pregnant, sometimes because she hides it so well, and the baby is cooking all day right like for you, it's very real I, don't forget it. Yeah you're kicking right now. No this morning, yes, every time, I everyday, when I wake up, it's like lots of movements, mmm I mean I, cannot imagine what that's like to have a creature rolling around in here. Yeah wow! That's incredible! That's so crazy and then also just that I, the concept that it's like, it's half me half you yeah that we just created this baby inside of you. It's so weird yeah and he's gonna come out and he's gonna. Look like me. You just can't understand it. It's just it's like it's just so unreal. It's like magic, I'm, loving, your kid almost in a way is like self-love, because everybody has to be humble and they're like because with their kid they're like you're, so smart you're, amazing, you're, better you're, almost talking to yourself in that sense right, it's a way of loving yourself, I guess, acceptable, I, don't know yeah I, don't know, obviously, but it's weird, because it's us and I don't think so. I think it's just unconditional love, cuz! It's things like so pure yeah and cute, but it looks like us, is that crazy, I think it's gonna look laughs your eyes. One of us might look like you, this thing's gonna. Look! It's gonna! Look like both of us. You can have your eyes and he's gonna have my my mug that only a mother could love and well little Theodore I'm already excited it's like take him to Disneyland and yeah. Take him to petting zoos, fracking the heck, it's gonna be so fun. I'm excited my sister gave birth. This way, yeah! Congratulations! How many is that three? It's our third child and yeah! It's so crazy, like you see her before pregnant and all, but then the moment after you see like a real baby and that came out of her I know it's so Wow so well before you mean got pregnant, I was like how is a baby gonna come out of you because you're so skinny and your figure is so small, no wondering well no, but your figure has accommodated like your body and everything is accommodating to a level where I was like really surprised, just to see how much your bodies change and now I'm. Just like oh yeah mm-hmm, you got a you got a baby rearing body. The body just does thick. In other words, you you look great though Game of Thrones Season, eight trailers out. Is that worth watching or is it just like? Whatever it looks? Great I'm excited for Game of Thrones super soon I'm, not very excited I'm excited for the show. I still haven't watched the trailer and I I'm, not a trailer person. I, don't care about it. So it's pretty hype. Well, the thing trailers are inherently if you can avoid trailers you're better off, because it's like all spoilers all misdirection, yeah, all misinformation. It gets. You excited I'm, already excited I, don't know why I don't know how they're gonna wrap that show up in like eight episodes, though not even I, think six of for real yeah they're, all like super long, like so they're super long. It's practically like six movies. Okay, we're there like an hour and a half yeah, exactly I wonder. Why did they do it like that, because they could have melted for an extra three episodes? Yeah well I think cuz um. They got the same budget each year, and so, if they do less episodes, they can spend more on each one. Yeah battles all over the place and all that kind of stuff wow-whee is all I have to say: I mean I, definitely love the hour-and-a-half episode, I'm all-in, but there's a shot of Jon in ten years, walking towards two dragons in your life, Jon's gonna ride that mother-effer and they're gonna bow I didn't like he wrote his on: okay, okay, listen! If my aunt looked like that, I'd rather drag them up there, my aunt's are they do not look like that. It looks amazing, it's gonna be a freaking blast when the show started. I wasn't so much into it. It kind of seemed like soap, opera, yeah, cheesiness, but I liked it no yeah. It's a tear, resistant yeah, I've read the books and the Moot, and the show now is so much further than the books I. Don't even I. Don't even remember that the books are a thing. Oh yeah Ethan is one and and your whole family I, don't know if everyone else is also I, don't know, but I felt there's a lot of people that come here. Probably Ethan is the kind of person who knows all the names and someone possible. Yes, oh yeah, I've read all the books twice. Sorry, that's crazy, Dan, yeah, okay! Well, when the show first started, I read through him and then I was about like a year ago, I I just started again, I, don't know why they're great that's, why I know they're good reads: yeah when you guys see someone on the screen. You're, like oh yeah, that's that guy, who was this annoying guy talking over the entire episode explaining no that's Rhaegar Rhaegar was murdered by Robert. That's a battle of the whatever to you know that when Robert killed, Rhaegar battle of the the Trident- yes, that's right, he destroyed him with his giant mallet right to the chest and the ruby came off and went to the river right. Then right, although it might not have been him because rubies are always associated with Glamour's and illusions in wait. No that was yeah, but that was his armor. That was his armor, that Brian I have to wear, but I'll get out the series associated with allusions. So maybe he's gonna lie. Give me a break he's mad he's mance rayder, nice Wow Wow, but the trailer did show that the Hound is alive. He was brought back to life. We knew that in the book mm-hmm sorry spoilers, it's a [, __ ] show that's been out for years. If you haven't read it, then who cares? No, but when it's in the trailer we knew he was alive from the last season write. The book diverges in such a weird way because I don't know if this is a spoiler but I just come on. It's been so long. If you're not gonna, the book is so much different than the mmm yeah, but so the priest of fire Ryle or she brings back the mom back to life in the books. Yeah really and the mom starts like a bandit Starks. My Catelyn Stark right, yes correct and she starts some crazy, like that's cold yeah, going around him and she's like wow, and so that would that never happened. So she's kind of like crazy. When she comes back well, she's like a demon yeah but yeah she's, definitely not the old Catelyn lady. They call her lady what they call her down. Lady Stoneheart, yeah, Lady Stoneheart, it's pretty cool, it's a little on the nose to be honest and then also the Hound was reanimated right. There, The Hound, no you're thinking of the mountain, not yet no I thought I thought he died and he was brought back. Oh well. He was brought back in the show. Wasn't he yeah the hounds back in the show? Yeah he's not back in the books, okay, so it's like yeah at this point. They they really are just different things. Yes, fine! You know yeah they're, both good in different ways. Yeah one will end one won't, so I'm excited that's less than a month away, so excited hey everybody, I'm gonna sleep with a kid. What did the little kid say in Michael Jackson's bed we'll get to that later, so you guys know that I'm passionate about awful food on Instagram I am loved it very much. It's a it's. A hobby of mine I can spend hours on Instagram just looking at the food. 90% of it is really bald ass. Looking like barbecue and stuff that I love there's a lot of this Turkish food that fascinates me because it's so different and- and it looks amazing, but there's a lot of really just awful [, __ ] and it cracks me up and especially because a lot of it is extremely popular. Here is one example that I recently came across okay now this is a perfectly delicious looking burger. What better thing to do than to literally take a diary over I mean what the f is. This are you Fred is not my assuming it's some kind of cheese thought for the audio listeners. It's just a giant burger and they're, just completely covering it bun and all with Aria I, don't know it's I mean it's a really beautiful completed whole burger perfectly edible and delicious looking. So the guy takes a huge ball. How I supposed to pull the cheese, sauce and and I'm dumps it on it, not a little bit he dumped. He covers it. So I was like wow. This is really disgusting that went from edible to inedible and I love all hype, the guys it looks amazing on camera. No, it doesn't looks absolutely foul, so that was one hope you guys enjoy. That did you enjoyed that ELA I am Joey hating on it Ian did you enjoy that video? Yes, very much, thank you and appreciate know, and how are you in we love hearing from you intern talk to me. Tell me a little bit of something: there's not much to tell really yes I kept in marvel last night: oh I liked it I thought it was good. You know, I noticed the phenomenon about Captain Marvel, rotten, tomato and I noticed this on Metacritic and I'm - being everywhere, critics liked it. The users are like two or three like they hated it, and I was like why they despise the discrepancy. Do you have any idea in uh yeah it's people who are boycotting the movie because they disagreed with something brie. Larson said last year: oh, so it's a political thing. Yeah yeah, it is God come on. What did she say? Do you know horrible movie said something about how the amount of white guys in the reviewing community was disproportionate -. It was like only white males and something about that hmm and reviewing movies yeah, and we should probably burn our house down furious, probably the user reviews, and we should probably boycott everything she ever making for the rest of eternity. I, don't know what she's talking about it might be right, I, don't know or she might be wrong she's. My I don't know breather item was the girl in Scott Pilgrim right, yeah I, just hate how it's like, when somebody has an opinion that you disagree with it's like I, remember from a year ago, I'm gonna demo, you and also I'm gonna, find out where you live and I'm going to chill out, but everyone watch the Queen move. It I had no problem with that's what I'm saying the hip. People live like these. The people have like tunnel vision, it's like yeah, oh we loved, Bohemian Rhapsody. We want to give it all the rewards and malli relic or whatever his name is that [ __ ] serial killer on me he's at the best fabulous. We love him. Also. It was directed by a known pedophile. But oh, we love it. It's gonna win all the awards. It was directed by a known, pedophile uh. What's his name, Brian uh, what was his name? Banger, Brian singer, alleged alleged, don't sue us Oh, known, did I, say known I'm. An alleged highly alleged the allegations are outlined in a documentary, got him no, but for real I, don't I, don't know what she said. Maybe it was stupid, but me my god, so she says one stupid thing: you're gonna try to like [ __ ]. Give me a brother have to do with the movie yeah. Was it like come on like how many people work on a movie as if it's just her project? If I had to guess it's gonna, be a just a run-of-the-mill Marvel movie anyways, you know name yeah, all about the same quality. You know, I was I, was a little hyped. I thought it looked interesting, but I don't know that I'm gonna see. Do you recommend watching it in? If you like those movies, I mean it is more of the same or the same. You know because I am excited about endgame, which is the part 2 to infinity war, and it ties into that as I understand it. Is that correct, again yeah it does and into where you want a date. When you saw the movie last night, nope I was all alone in weeping by yourself. Did you really go by yourself to the movie theater yeah I wanted to get a house? Oh that's, really, I! Think that's a really cute wholesome thing to do. Yin is a is a big time saw the movie guy. That's a very confident play. I I go like once a week and it's hard to find people who go that often oh, and are you single amp yeah? Ladies he's, for someone to join up to the movies? Every week, hello, Serena yeah, you watch a movie once a week, yeah pretty much cuz, there's not that many good movies yeah. You must see a lot of fun. Well, there's a lot of like indie type movies that you can dig up. Why is the camera meet? We don't have a camera on and no the others camera privileges taken away. Oh man, because it's just my dumb mug every time I talk to anyone, but yeah I, don't like that. You gotta fix that we need to add one cuz, the when I was just pointing at everyone. You just didn't really see anyone. What can we do about that? We should think about. How can we get show that? Because, if, if Ian's talking I'm sitting here like taking out because I don't think the cameras on it, I'm, like you know, I need a break. I need that break from having the camera on me. Maybe we'll work on a webcam yeah. We can I, don't care yeah. We can figure it out. Let's webcam him. Alright, simple, yeah, okay in well, thanks for the update, appreciate it and thank you so much and really God bless. God bless ya bus. So where were we? Oh yeah, salt Bay he's my favorite, so Bay is so unworthy of his title of being a great chef and I'm sorry to say that, because some of the stuff he does is just so stupid, here's one for example, he cuts. So this is the full of gold flaked fillet that we've just covered previously, and so these girls ordered it and what he does is he puts it at the knife tip and he made forces unto eat it. Now, I've always learned that you should never point a knife at let alone putting meat at the tip of a sharp blade and making some I'd eat it off. It seems somewhat psycho thing to do, especially a customer guests like would you do that to a guy yeah dude? This is kind of really strange. I mean am I wrong. Do I mean it's pretty strange right, no comment. Huh I mean knifepoint in the face. It's like dude just serve them to me, you're, not giving them a choice. Punk I know it tastes like [, __, ] - its right guys, it's seasoned with gold flakes. How good can that steak? Taste? Also, you know what I was thinking about sulphate. Does he wash his elbows cuz? Think about like chefs and if you've ever worked in a restaurant, your elbows get kind of dirty because they're always leaning on [, __, ] and services, the guy's bouncing salt off his elbows like dog. Do you wash your elbows yeah I love it I love to eat a fillet seasoned with squid, the gold flakes gimme, a break salt, Bay, yeah, right and finally, guys before we go to break and talk about all the good stuff. So let me break them yeah. This is that what I dubbed the salmonella burger I saw this on Instagram yeah was that your title, food and cold out wait what oh, you can have it look at that? That's not that's straight-up raw, that is so raw inside mad cow disease. Now take a look at this okay. How about the raw ground, beef, burger, yeah seriously, literally, not even cooked bro? What the half man you know when I was in New York I noticed this phenomenon. I saw all the time at we went to delis all the time and I would notice old people eating burgers that were rare and they will order them bloody, rare yeah, old people. That's what they're trying to die they're, trying to end it like a whole day. People would do it. Super rare I thought the old people thing was to like burn it to a crisp. Every single one was like I want it super rare burger. Well, a lot of diners and stuff like that, and you know burger at a diner. You don't want it rare for sure. We would see it a lot. I would order no pink at all I'm, not [, __ ] around but imagine being like 85 and having like diarrhea food poisoning. I mean that's a way to go. That's enough for that. So up next we've got Papa. John has finally resolved with Papa John. Don't go away to find out the stunning details who may shock you our Kelly has a meltdown. You will be shocked and awed by this and finally Michael Jackson. Did he do it find out after the break admit it? You think that cybercrime is something that happens to other people, and you may think that nobody wants your data or the hackers can't grab your password or credit card details, but you are wrong. Stealing. Data from unsuspecting people on public Wi-Fi is one the simplest and cheapest that hackers make money. When you leave your internet connection unencrypted, you might as well be writing your password, a credit card number on a huge billboard or on your freaking forehead, because it's that easy to get that's, why I decided to take action. I protect myself from cyber criminals, using oak, spruce, VP, Express, VPN, secures and then analyzes and then minimizes and then anonymizes your internet, browsing by encrypting your data and hiding your public IP address. Expressvpn. It's easy to use apps run seamlessly in the background of your computer phone or tablet. Turning on expressvpn protection only takes one click and using expressvpn I could safely serve a public Wi-Fi without being snooped on or having my data stolen for less than seven dollars a month. You can get the same expressvpn that I use myself. Expressvpn is rated number one VPN service by TechRadar. It comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee so protect your online activity today and find out how you can get three months of free production at expressvpn, dot-com, / h3, that's expr, ESS, VPN, comm, / h3 for three months, free with a one-year package visit, Express, Express, VPN, dot-com, / h3 to learn more. Nobody really has time to go to the post office. You're busy right, ela who's got time for all the traffic parking lugging, all the mail and packages, it's a real hassle. That's right! That's thank you! That's why you need stamps.com one of the most popular time-saving tools for small businesses, stamps.com eliminates trips to the post office and saves you time and money with discounts that you couldn't even get at the post office step. Sarkar brings you all the amazing services of the US Postal Service right to your computer, whether your small office, sending invoices or an online sellers shipping out products or even a warehouse sending thousands of packages a day stamps.com can handle it all with these simply use your computer to print official US postage 24/7 for any letter any package, any class of mail anywhere. You want to send once your mails ready you hand it to your mail carrier or drop it into mailbox. It's that simple folks with stamps I'll come you got five cents off every first-class stamp and up to 40% off Priority Mail, what that's a huge discount, not to mention as a fraction of the cost for those expensive postage meters types of scan stamp it stamps comm is a no-brainer saving you time and money. It's a no wonder that 700 thousand small businesses already use stamps comm. So right now for our listeners, you get a special offer that includes four week trial, plus a free postage blots digital scale. What without any long-term commitment so just go to stamps? Comm click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in h3. That's stamps comm hit that microphone and type in h3. Let's all get shipping and stamping right now, Papa John. As you know, he is a man that has become a part of this nation, this h3 army, if you were, and Papa John, as you know, was ousted from his own company. We followed this story extensively now. There has been developments in the story: the fight between Papa John and Papa John's, which I'll never tire of saying. That seems to have finally been settled, as Papa has agreed to give up his seat on the board in exchange for the ability to have input in choosing his successor, Wow Papa John is still a largest shareholder of the company. So, although he's not no longer CEO, he still wields considerable influence. It's so confusing to me. I, don't understand how big companies are, how it works, but I guess I'm starting to understand. So you have the board and they're the ones who make decisions on the actual. Yes, company well, I, think the. But you have shareholders and so shareholders don't have any influence. There's people that own stocks, but if you're on the board and again I, don't know what I'm talking about yeah but I, think more Directors vote on certain issues and then there's the CEO that manages the day-to-day there like the chief officer, okay. So in other words, as as I, don't know who wrote this, but it's act. The right of the pizza king to choose his pizza Prince shall not be infringed, and since the country began, a Shatner has was hesitant founded about 35 years ago, has completely scrubbed. Yes, you. We know that here hit me hit me with it. She sued his own company several times. As part of this deal, he has agreed to drop two losses he had brought against the company. In a statement on Tuesday mr. Shatner said, the agreement would help avoid a costly and expensive proxy proxy war by identifying a mutually acceptable new pizza God. In other words, I brought this pizza Empire and have nothing. And if, though, at a flower out of water out of salt I beat the door with my very hands bow, this was meant to be your pizza crust bowl. You were meant to sauce pepperoni to buy, and now we must choose together a pizza successor about at home as Papa John. How could you take Papa Joe now to Papa John? It don't make no sense. It's the company as a call to Papa John I am Babu John. You get to break that sauce bubbling with life. Now they say to me like I, said: slideshows prefer John pictures, they say to me: Papa, you must a set of the lawsuit, so we cannot deserve a with the lawsuit Papa. A Papa divided cannot stand and to this I say, Oh was better stand for the pizza empire, how you want or what the chuck-e-cheese owed the Little Caesar more like little seizure. I am Papa John I built Papa John's from the ground up and remained its largest shareholder. I love my company, its employees, especially what was the name of that delivery boy who brought the pizza well give a big dip. Matt Matt. We love that big dip, franchisees and customers. The board wants just so. This is my website and my way to talk to you now. You've seen my home I have a pizza silence. Now, if you want to own the pizza game, we must have come to a geta I elect to be the next pizza god papa bow-bow. We should write a script about this whole story for a movie. Now we are talking now you're, talking and I. Imagine my axe has changed now. I! Imagine Papa! John's yeah he's in his backyard, putting up the laundry and all that you know and then suddenly a disaster strikes a heart attack facedown in the mud just like in God food who takes over his trusty loyal son. He didn't want to be involved in that circumstances. We can't even include this in with the big tip Matt and because his story, apparently oh yeah, was trapped, met with tragedy, tragic Matt, the delivery boy had apparently tragically passed away. Oh the chat chat, saying rip Matt to a no rip Matt. Oh man tipped but not forgotten. You know, I never felt the urge to make a movie but um popping on the topic. First for John John, Oh Papa versus pop, like there's a river screamer. Well, there was this great OJ, Simpson true-crime documentary-like, oj versus the people of the united states were both people, whatever yeah, so Papa John verse, Papa John, like the court case, I mean what is that yeah fantastic welcome to Papa's house how? What if the Papa John Wooden worked for like little seizures or something now Papa is forced to go to the competing family? Hmm I! Don't think any pizza place would take then, with these hands I've built the pies I've made sauce. You think that I'm out on the street, with the knowledge, what that son I have the money I've made. What are you about a gala GU about a go, and now you forced me to join another family who have sworn allegiance against? I have sworn my sworn enemy, so is he like Italian in your head or, yes, he's the Godfather? What is he in reality? He's Italian from what Kentucky or some [ __ ] yeah? Why? But, yes he's from Ohio or something he's an old-school white boy can I drop the n-word and now I've been forced to join with my sworn enemies. I had made an elite. I said if I see an employee of Little Caesars, they are dead, whatever they walk in my neighborhood and how [Music] violent? No, no and now I'm delivering pizzas for Little Caesars. It's such a shame, I chop to the door without it's localized of character, I show up to the door delivering a little caesars beats and they laugh at me. They say I'll jump. No! Did I get better break them? They don't respect me. My name is Papa John. No, it's like they carry their front Lord over the ring turned into Gollum cuz of you eatin it up alright, so our hearts go out to Bubba, in other words, Tom J and the chat suggests Andy Serkis should play Papa John in the film, but as mocap like a CG, Papa John one. If we get cast like Tim Heidecker, would be fantastic as Papa John's or like just mix it up really I. Just like the picture of him being the only CG character like the older, all angel movie, it's just a CG Papa John's with a live action cast like Roger Rabbit. We couldn't get his permission, so we named it like Papa, Papa, Jan, Jane, all right, so our Kelly we've spoken about our Kelly I, find our Kelly to be first of all, very interesting foil to what's going on with Michael Jackson, because people have no problem accepting the reports. The allegations, the documentaries about our Kelly. Everybody takes that at face value. You know we've all kind of come together and said. You know what our Kelly is kind of F, dubbed it. Let's not supporting anymore Michael Jackson is different. The people the the amount of defending and not just well, it's one thing to defend: Michael Jackson, but there's there's an active campaign. It's this really vicious very vicious people who do not like differing opinions. It's just it's a reminder to like how huge Michael, Jackson, yeah and people love him like yeah, really nothing else, even comparable, Yeah right and although maybe the viewers, maybe the thing is it's like all the Beatles squeezed into one person right, that's true right! One super! That's all head he's a one-man show right and he's got the story of being a victim, and people don't want to think that this person could do horrible stuff, I don't want to for a long time. I was like there's no way yeah. Certainly me too I was always on the fence with Michael Jackson, but before we get into that, let's first talk about our Kelly because he was in the news. He did it. His first interview, you know being accused and people started canceling his shows and taking him off the radio. There was a documentary about it. This was the catalyst for all this again, an interesting foil to Michael Jackson. It was a great documentary. Was it called leaving or know something about surviving or surveyed? Yes, surviving or Kelly. It was fantastic documentary, basically alleging that he has a harem really of girls living with him, who here again they're not being chained up but they're. Being it's manipulated. They're being I mean brainwashed for lack of a better word, so it's not like the they can't go walk out, but there's it's abuse itself. Certainly, abuse! There's no question about it, but at any rate, I mean it's hard to explain the whole. You know what but go ahead and watch this, but where he's defending himself, would it be for me, with my crazy pass on what I've been through? Oh right now, I just think I need to be a monster and hold girls against. They will chain them up in my basement and and don't let them eat and don't let them out unless they need some shoes down the street from the Onkel sounds like Eddie Murphy yeah he's acting, it sounds it's like Eddie Murphy bed is that is that some detail in the story that I'm unaware of about yeah. That's such a weird aside, yeah and I, don't recall them ever saying he chained anyone up either. You know what I mean like that's part of kind of it's like well. No, what he does is. He makes every anecdote more extreme, just be like oh I. Never did that, making a mockery, oh yeah, making it so crazy, so hyperbolic that it's obviously yeah but people, nobody believes our Kelly. So it's kind of the sound guys like don't laugh, he's got the mic on his chest. He keeps slamming the sound guys, like, oh god, I've seen. People even give this news channel [ __ ] for giving him any airtime. Wow. Oh sure, let the guy speak. Let's hear him out! Well, legendary yeah, yes, I mean, if anything, he's so volatile yeah. This said it just goes to show that you know behind closed doors is what I mean the guy's got a temper. Clearly at this point, we briefly pause the interview to give Kelly a moment. This publicist helped calm him down his publicist. That's his crisis manager. Literally, it's a crisis manager Provost. How can he afford a crisis manager when he came and post bail Kent? He has no money, apparently that guy's working on um can't well. They say he claims that he has very little cash but I'm sure he has like assets. You know he probably just have liquid cash but stuff. No, you think it's all gone at this point. I've seen reports that he's dead broke. Yeah I mean he he he well. He just went back to prison for for owning one hundred and sixty thousand dollars in back child support that he never paid yeah. So so some anonymous female friend came and posted $100,000 bail for him to get out and then two weeks later he went back into prison for a hundred and sixty thousand dollars on back child support. You never pay. Yeah really I think doesn't have any money which is crazy, because at his peak success I read he was worth 150 million. Well, imagine blowing that much money I mean our Kelly was extraordinarily popular in the 90s. Yes, yes, pretty much top. Apparently the full interview is gonna. Come out tonight at Nate, we're more than yeah I saw some clips. They were phenomenal, yeah they're really milking it. I can't blame them. It's really. It's huge I love how they're dabbing his makeup as he's them having a meltdown. This isn't that doesn't even make sense. Why would I hold all these women? His publicist is like not making my job easy to told me we're gonna like dude snap out of it real, but Kelly's emotions remained raw. It's real girls out there missing it's real young girls out there being abducted being raped. Okay, when I saw this when I saw this is like you got any leads, you know, but it's like that argument is strange because it's like well, you got leads, I mean Chinese. They really do have chains on their own. Okay, Robert. We have to have a conversation, no I, don't want you just ranting at the camera. Lady I came here for them to hear I need help. What kind of help this is the kind of help I need. Yes, what kind of help I need somebody to help me not have a big heart, because that's like being at the job interview being like well, my biggest my biggest defect is that I work too hard I'm too good at everything you sound, like you're playing the victim. Here you sound like our Kelly. You do you're playing the victim I'm, just telling the truth and the reason I'm emo Robert apologized for that? No because this is the first time I was able to say something have said nothing. You know you remained top. So what's awesome, it's amazing how I find him very good, not convincing this performance was well. What's even less convincing is when he brings out his two girlfriends so yeah, which was the follow-up no yeah, yeah I mean I. Guess for me, mostly I'm, just I'm, struck by by how different the reaction are. Kelly is compared to Michael Jackson, and you know people people always joke Oh, like have you seen the Michael Jackson documentary as somehow trying to Lampoon people who were like? Oh I watched the documentary. I changed my mind and they act like oh well, you haven't done any research. All you've done is washing documentary, but the r.kelly one is actually has less firsthand, because the art Kelly one is just from the parents perspective yeah, but the Michael Jackson one is first-hand experiences and I actually felt like in the Michael Jackson one throughout with them telling their stories. You are always seeing evidence corroborate. The song Robert they're, saying like Michael, would come to our house every night and then there's pictures over in their house. He would send us faxes every night and they had a fax. He would send. It was one of the weirdest thing. Yes, my god, he used to send us letters used to write us notes used to call him leave messages. They've got all of it. He gave us memorabilia, he did this. He did that he got all of it. They've got pictures, they got photos, they got everything to corroborate every detail and I mean even public footage of Michael with the family or Michael. With the kid like yeah, it's all out there, so I felt like if anything that dog Michael Jackson available had a lot more everything I feel like it was absolutely credible and people who are decrying, the documentary are protesting it and out of protests are not watching. It I find that ironic, because they're so obsessed with research, but this documentary, even if you are dead, even if you totally believed Michael Jackson, is innocent. This is a documentary worth watching because it's research, it's first-hand account of people who are who are accusing him of the most heinous one of the most heinous crimes you can imagine. So, even if you're dead set on Michael Jackson's innocent, these guys are fraud. You gotta watch it for the for research, at least, if I'm having a discussion about a book that you haven't read. You can't really talk to me about the book. If I'm talking, it's like, you haven't watched it. How can you have a conversation about it? So I guess they're thinking they're, not watching it out of product test because they disagree with the concept of making a one-sided documentary or not, including like the other side of Michael, Jackson's, family and all just to be devil's advocate. And you know their argument is that, prior to it being released at least on HBO, you know screened a couple times: I think it's Sundance and everything you know the the PR campaign already kicked into full gear to discredit the guys so before anybody before anybody even had the opportunity to watch it. They had been convinced that there's no reason to because these guys, you know, don't have any credibility, why? Why should I listen to them? Well and a lot of this stuff I hear people saying is stuff like oh, they already testified under oath and now they change their mind because they're getting paid from HBO, and somebody who says that is somebody who clearly hasn't watched a documentary because that's one of the main thrusts of the documentary is exploring. How can you testify under oath several times for Michael Jackson and then all the sudden come out so hard against him and it's it's way bigger they weren't paid by HP, oh by the way, sorry they weren't paid by anyone yeah, but that that point is exactly why this documentary is bigger than just Michael Jackson and that's what Oprah was saying in the third part, because it's about abuse and you can you can go on your whole life, not knowing even that what happened to you as a kid was wrong and then at some point as an adult, all of a sudden understand what happened and like I think it's just people don't understand, abuse right and so they're like oh, they changed their story and they stood for him before, but I think they really showed that part so well in the documentary, and that was why I found it so like good yeah. Well, we will talk more about that because we are working our way down to that I wanted to say about that. So let's watch the girls interviewed on our Kelly. This is a first time here. Bring to be honest with you that your parents are trying to get money from our Kelly okay, because your father told a very different story: yeah to me last night, yeah he's he's the manipulator he's very manipulative, so he's the one you need to watch out for, but uh my dad and my mom they're studies to send threats to both me and him. They said, oh I'll call your Nick attaches all over the world I'm going to ruin. You I'm going to ruin him if he doesn't send twenty thousand dollars to this bank account by Monday, I'm gonna put everything out there and then ten thousand dollars. After that, you trying to solicit me like I'm some hole: I'm, not I'm your child, exactly yeah, you sound very angry with your parents. You sound very angry and very pained, it's very insightful at first, you pick the upset while you're crying. Tell me right. I was like what money the guy can't even get post bail. What's cool! This is the worst shakedown ever. That's the worst claim that their parents just want their kids back like they haven't seen these girls in years now they can't talk to them they're. The last thing they want is money, and their claim is, is that they're the parents have naked pictures of them together and that they're threatening to release? How would the parents have? That is the first time anyone said, there's no background to the parents asking for money or all that stuff mmm. Well, yes, she's and then she goes on to say well, I'll just play in Ezreal. This is more than gossip. This is more than just rumors. These are decades of allegations. She spent that fits over there decades, we're here to talk about what our parents are doing right now right and what they're doing right now is off for money right now. Both sets of parents deny ever asking Kelly for money or receiving money from him by the way she was saying earlier before this time stamp that it was her parents idea for her to go become a singer for our Kelly I mean they were like. You need to go be with our Kelly and send us money yeah, even the most, while evil people wouldn't dream something like that up. You know it's just not plausible done whatever here. You know. This is a great detail that, as I was talking to them because I had talked to the father. There are two very different stories, I'm sure, mr. Clary, if he watches this this morning, his head will explode because he has a very different version of what these young women are saying and his team had told us that our Kelly would not be in the room after the interview started. He was around the corner behind them. They couldn't see him, but it points at points during the conversation. He would call very loudly like that, so they were aware that he was there. How wild is that? Three yeah? That's a damn! That's a really crazy detail! Daddy's listening training them up in my basement yeah. He didn't do that. Zack! Remember he didn't do that: Oh, crazy and, furthermore, Your Honor. Ladies and gentlemen of the court I leave you with all the evidence. I got it. You need. Do you have girl? Would you like to come back? Did you I love her clerk order and so now romantic baby girl? Did you get your shots because I don't want malaria, [Music], [Music], [Applause], so good ever? This is not a joke. Girl meet Megan back hit me with that music ooh. This is not a joke. Oh girl, did you get your shots shots girl? Do you have your papers paper? This is not a joke. Please meet me and back and back girl we going to America I think got no chains, but I got 9 games to lock you up and you're gonna. Call me daddy, daddy, hmm I said girl. Do you have your shots? Do you have STD reports America mm yeah? So if you're really pretty I'll accept gonorrhea, chlamydia is okay, but nothing's curable can stay if you've gotten hit by hepatitis or HIV. I'm gonna have to skip you and I'm going overseas. But if you've got your paper and your passports, you can come with me. My name is Robert and you can live in my reap engine. Call me daddy. You can get some shoes, but don't get a sandwich. The Jews run. Hollywood yeah. Did you get your shots? Do you have your pant, but this is not a joke. I love this clutch, my uncle [Music], but you know how many girls are nod. If they're, like uh, he's talking to me, making a proposition, don't fake these goats ever ever ever. Do you have your shots? I mean open. You here, Rob, it's like so personal. This is what we call grooming, yes, which we'll learn more about in our next story: we're Rob to American Girl. Do you have HIV? Then you can't come with me. If you have HIV, then I don't want you. My BP, inside of you, bum Aditya is curable. If you're at ten, if you're a seven, then I'll skip it. You up chlamydia. If your innate I'll think about it [Music]. How do you even think about that? Do you have your shots? Fantastic, it's! So once coming from the heart, his heart's too big- and this is so real yeah. The thing is so like when you come from a place like Ethiopia or even Israel. You have to get immunizations, oh yeah. This comes from a very technical place. The guy knows what he's talking about he's been through it a couple of times yes trying to bring girls back precisely! Oh, do you have your passports? Have you shaved your butthole to America yo girl come with Robert if you've shaved, your butthole, give me pictures and back or let me inspect it, give me: if did you bring your immunization report? Okay? Great, do you have a valid passport? Okay? Great now, do you have your STD report looks good background check, you'll, ride, coach and I'll ride. First-Class go, went back to America, I've got an extra room in my mansion. Welcome to my harem did I mention that I have ten other girlfriends when I make a dress up like a boy. That's true in a documentary there's one I may dress up like a boy. We work yeah, that's true! Wait! You haven't seen it that happy did not tell anyone. Yes, yes and frankly, I'm not gonna! Watch it because I know he's innocent. I know he's a saint. It's a protest. Listen! He was a. He was on trial and he was acquitted. Our Kelly was acquitted in a trial. That means he's innocent and do you have your shops and your documents? Jama'a Michael Jackson's, coming up trigger warning for everybody, who's too sensitive, yes, Michael, Jackson I'm, not saying he did it, but, let's be honest with our folks. Michael Jackson slept in a bed with the young kids every night without parents presents just use. Your brain people use your brain. Who does that I didn't have a childhood? That's ignorant I love to think about it. If it wasn't Michael Jackson saying yes, music, oh yeah yeah, you know what is the little kids say and Michael Jackson's room at night, just as an exercise to think about the stuff Michael Jackson did, but if it was just a random guy like your neighbor so gross, but he didn't have a childhood. You did you factor that dissipation, yes, that that kind of even makes it more likely more likely that it would be [, __, ] up right, mm-hmm, absolutely so here. This is what I'll say: okay, we're entering the Michael Jackson yeah, that's basically and Jeckle yeah yeah, so for those of you that cannot handle it, who are in protests who will be triggered or otherwise offended by this I hope that you keep watching actually because I do enjoy a good amount of viewership on my episodes flow. So I encourage you to keep watching, but listen also closely, because I think that I have in some compelling arguments to make to you and I'm, not one again, if you're, if you're someone that thinks that the documentary is BS and anyone who believes that Michael Jackson did these crimes is like a Looney tune like listen to me and I I. Don't blame you for thinking that way, because, and the documentary explores this concept so good, because the documentary is about is the best I've seen about the Sun and not about Michael Jackson, not about the survivors but about abuse and how it happens about the grooming products or the grooming process and what was so magnificent about Michael Jackson. As we've said, there's never been a pop star like him ever. He was like the Beatles squeezed all into one person comes, oh I enjoyed being a victim and just loved by the whole work like seriously everywhere, so he in a sense had this hat or one of the victims said we were already grooms when we met him right, because he is this God on this planet earth and he in a in a way he has groomed the world and I'm gonna talk about that. If you think I'm crazy and you think I'm [ __ ], that's fine! You can hate me just at least listen wonders, let's introduce what we're talking about yeah the HBO documentary that came out, leaving Neverland leaving Neverland if you're wondering where to watch it. It's on HBO HBO, which I think is a little bit unfortunate, because not everyone has HBO I, think a lot more people would watch it hey either you had the hook-up, though. If you got Amazon Prime, you can get a free week trial, that's all yeah and it's immediate you just pop it open eyes. You know it's funny. Everybody watch Game of Thrones, but somehow, when it comes to something there's anything else, nobody has HBO hilarious. Okay, I just wanted to give the details for anyone, who's not caught up you're done, I'm done, passing the it's it's a two-parter yeah and then there's a third part. Following up it's an interview that Oprah Winfrey interviews, the two victims and the director of the documentary. Yes, I I thought all three were so good mm-hmm, so there's another documentary that was that I watched on Netflix called abducted in plain sight. Yes, and- and you know, I had watched that recently and it's about a man who befriended a family and gradually built up this relationship with this young girl. He had fallen in love with, but he had groomed the family. He had groomed the child to the point over a long period of time that he was able to just take the girl and run off like there was no checks and balances and the way that it happened was so similar. It was so, and it was so similar to what I heard in this documentary and again that's what I thought was so important and compelling it's about as a whole child abuse and about the grooming process. So bad, you know, I feel like I was in crazy world. Seeing all this like when I first saw this documentary I was so outraged. I mean I was like my goodness. This is absolutely insane and I go online to read the conversation about it, and it's not only do I see, first of all, not a lot of people talking about it, but those that are talking about it are brutally brutally brutally viciously attacking anyone who's. Speaking in support of the documentary and just decrying, the the two dudes, the two victims, the host Oprah, anyone just absolutely decrying them and I've thought, like man I'm in crazy world, but I quickly realized that all the people who were doing that haven't watched the documentary. It's so plainly obvious, because a lot of their talking points are things that are addressed widely in the documentary. But I was just surprised bike that he had so much sway and pull people cared so deeply about him still to this day. So it is a testament first, it almost is a testament to the fact that the world has been groomed, because now, even ten years after his death and long after he had an active career, I think she goes to show that even now the he has this army of people that can see no wrong in him going to war war with these people. So it kind of proves the point that he has this like mystical attraction, this mystical pull now I was always on the fence about Michael Jackson. Me too. You know, I really didn't want to believe it. It's like what the [ __, ], Oh, Jackson and I'm a huge fan of his music as I'm sure most of us are I mean the guy's. A phenomenal talent I mean the guy's. Like he's a he's a whenever the one a one in a thousand year talent, we would put out videos of him dancing and just like stare at it like this. Is perfection I mean he had it all? He was incredible singer. He was an incredible dancer. The guy invented like pop dance for Christ's sake, I mean he really did he credible songwriter. That guy was phenomenal and I was always on the fence, but you know I have a thought experiment that I would always pose to myself. That always you know edged me towards he did it and that thought experiment is very simple. Imagine a man, any man sleeping in bed with a young child, a young boy every night for 30 days straight with no parent. What are the chances? I asked you? What are the percent chances that he didn't touch that little boy in an appropriate way and I would think hard on that and I would say you know, I have to say in all honesty, using my brain in my common sense, forgetting about all the mysticism everything it's zero, it's zero percent. That is just not something that you do okay. So again, this is just the beginning of the rabbit hole. I've got a lot of things to share, so that was a thought experiment always kind of pushing me towards. You know what I think he probably did do it, and that was an idea that came from him like it's not like the kid said. Oh I want to sleep with you. He would tell the kid yeah you should come sleep with me mm-hmm. He put that idea out well here. Actually, since we're I'm, gonna skip the head, because I have a really compelling video that support that literally some shows Michaels saying that and here what I? What I like to talk about here is undeniable undisputed facts: okay, I'm, not gonna, toss about conjecture, I'm, not gonna, make assumptions I'm, not gonna, say stuff that hasn't proven. I'm, just gonna show you an undisputed fact: here's a video of Michael with one of the his his childhood friends; okay, like no, no, no, no, and then he finally said. Okay, if you love me to see what a day so here you can hear the kid saying: I didn't want to sleep on the bed. Oh man, Michael Jackson here is shown manipulating this kid and saying right. If you love me exactly pressuring him, if you love me, the god that you look up to you'll sleep in my- and this is the beginning of the grooming process- that's like so step 1 and you get him to sleep in his bed and then the next night. It's obvious. It's gonna sleep all that yeah exactly and then they both sleep in the bed for 30 nights. Now here, if you skip to the end, it is there's a fascinating another detail: I'll sleep on them, but haven't you got a spare room or a spare house here where he could have stayed? No, yes, we have guest units, but whenever kids come here they always want to stay with me really. Never because literally that was disputed in the first second of this book five seconds. So Michael is saying: oh well, that guy the kids live with me because they always want to so what happens. He puts this thought in the kid and then the kid goes to his mom and, like mom, can I sleep with Michael right. So it seems like the kid wanted it, but it starts from, and one of the hallmarks of child abuse is convincing the kid that they want it and that they like it. That's why victims of child abuse carry so much guilt and remorse, because they're so completely and shamed, because in their mind on it, they're so conflicted, because when they think back, they remember enjoying it. They remember wanting it. They remember that it was fun and exciting, and so it's hard to reconcile as a grown person. Those feelings that you know you had when you were a kid because those feelings last right and when you think back as yourself as a little five-year-old you as a 20 year old, you sometimes would play it in your 20 old brain and that five year old kid it's hard to make sense of how you felt then. So this is what Michaels doing to this kid he's going. He on one hand the kid kind of ratted him out and said: hmm Michael said. If you love me, you'll stay in my bed and then a mere two minutes later Michael saying oh well, kids only sleep in my bed and I, don't always learn them because they want to mm-hmm again so and I have never invited them in my room. Really they always just want us to what about. If you love me asleep in my bed, I stay with you tonight, I go if it's okay with your parents. Yes, you can't do your parents that you were here so that's all I mean guys. That's a lot! That's kind of a lie right. We can all I think agree on that. I know they're, happy cuz I was happy. Do you think come with you? Your muster time with I wasn't really move. Affairs I was with you Michael most of the time, but they were happy that you were here yeah. No, now what they were happy, they got to hang out at the ranch and get wined and dined yeah. Wait there was something whenever you guys almost come one more thing here from this clip funny. Yeah watch this this part here very unsettling people here that children from other families have come and they've stayed in your house. Look at them holding hands, stayed in your bedroom, okay and look how his head is on his shoulders. I mean what the that's not how you act with a friend, let's say Michael is: has the mentality of a little boy in a red, a child honey so that that's why he likes hanging out with friends. What the! How do you explain this? Even as a young boy I, would never do that with a grown man or for our way to another younger boy. I wouldn't do that with anyone. It's just like, as a young kid I would be horrified to do that with anyone yeah, even my whatever anyone, a girl friend a boy, my mom, my dad, my brother I, wouldn't do that to anybody right, but here he is doing it in plain sight and that's what I mean by Michael Jackson groomed the world, because he convinced everybody that he was just a young boy himself and that's why he loved, and he was blameless and he's holding hands with kids, they're cuddling with him on camera, and you would always say on camera like I, just love, kids, you know this. Everything you know about him is things that he would put out there. Basically yeah, that is he's been a victim himself and he loves kids and kids are like it's his guiding. Kids. You would say all this stuff that see God see I just want to help case. Think about that and so you've your whole life you're you're, absorbing this without even realizing right. So when someone comes and tells you the opposite about him, you already have like sorry, yeah or away or as a parent. When you bring your kids over to come, hang out with them and Michael's like well, we're gonna just sleep in my bedroom at night, okay, they're having a sleepover and then it's important to mention and what they show in the documentary. When the parents come with the kid he shows the parents a good time too. Oh, he grew and it's like the bedtime. It's like a dream for the parent to you meet him Michael Jackson and he loves you and he talks to you and he calls you and gives you gifts right and he bought one of them, a house he bought one. He just paid just straight-up paid them and one of the things that is an undisputable about this documentary. If you watch it is how he groomed not only the kids but the parents here, one of these main kids, Wade Robinson Wade now weight is super interesting because he was with Michael, Jackson and I say with because they were in a relationship for seven years now. He would call and talk to the mom every day, and this is corroborated because he sent faxes to the family. He sent video messages to the family, he sent drawings, he sent letters, he did left messages. They have all of this evidence of him talking best friends connecting so powerfully with the mom. He would call talk to mom. He would call and talk to the kid and wait is the guy that people keep bringing up is so uncredible because he testified I get weird like he testified that nothing happened with Michael twice, but his story was so crazy and they explained it so detailed in the documentary like Wade was one of these star kids. That was so good at imitating. The Michael Jackson dance moves and he was a super fan of Michael. He was actually somewhat famous as a kid because his dancing was so phenomenal and so Michael Jackson like look how we got to contests and with adults, and they met him when he was seven and the abuse started when he was seven yeah and- and so these guys, the both of these guys in the video they both had sons and they both started having mental breakdowns. They, when their Sun started to reach the age that they were. When the abuse started and because they were able to actually see what they were like at that age, because that when they saw their beautiful innocent pure son at seven, who they know full well, is incapable of entering a romantic relationship of any kind or having sexual relations with somebody. You know what I mean and you could see how easily manipulated and malleable they are so I think well what they both say is they both had sons around there like about to reach that age? You know a few years before, maybe, but, and so they could finally connect with that younger themselves and understand where they were mentally and that's when they started to understand that they were truly abused and a lot of, and both of them were having like extraordinary mental issues, yeah impression and anxiety and self-loathing that they didn't understand, and so and and they never told anyone about their abuse because Michael according to their account from the very beginning. First of all, they had this intense, passionate, love and Michael would always say to them repeat to them. If we, if you ever tell anyone about this, where we ever get caught, I'm gonna go to jail for life, I'm gonna be over ever my whole career is come over and you're gonna go to jail for life, and so they're like he was like this is our secret. This is our love, we love each other and if anyone ever finds out, I will be I will go to jail and you will go to jail and he kept repeating that to them throughout the whole duration of the relationship, and that's you hearing this when you're, seven and like and which is so important, the most famous magical person- that's lived in recent history, so for them they were both fully convinced until they had like sons and started having mental breakdown that they were gonna. Take this to the grave. Yes also, they didn't really know for a long time that what happened was wrong right, which is like because kids are run over the problem with child abuse. Something I've learned from therapy is that we all take things for granted that are we take normal things for granted that we think are normal until you meet other people or talk to other people, and until you can compare your your experience to them, you don't, then you can all of a sudden realize. Oh, that was not normal at all right, yeah, and so that's very much what happened with these guys? They had an experience that was so unusual that was so powerful that was so transformative by someone who was so powerful and so magical they didn't have the context didn't have the comparison to they didn't. Have the tools and I mean got my god. It's unimaginable and you've seen by the way, the visceral and the hate that accusers of Michael Jackson received and the disbelief that they always get. So all of these things combined and also they never stopped loving Michael Jackson. That's what you learn in the documentary too. They still love him right because there's still so many emotions for them. They still like right. They don't know how to break it down. Still one of the compelling things for me too was like so as they aged. They kind of grew out of favor with him and in favor of other young boys, and they would see him with other young boys kind of with the same body language and they felt like rejected like they were no longer the favorite, because I mean they were in love, they weren't literally in love right, and so they felt rejected and slowly over time as they aged. They grew apart from him. They would see him occasionally and talk to him occasion. They were still friendly, but they grew apart and I and a lot of them. They said that they were going to trial, to testify on Michael's behalf and all the parents and the whole family did it, because they were, they were Michael's soldiers. They were going to war for Michael. There were winning his favor back. They thought you know. I just want Michael to love me again and I'll do anything to please him to defend him. They were his warriors in this battle and so even though one hand they knew that that had happened to them. That was a secret love that they shared and they loved Michael dearly and they wanted that love back, and so they went to war with him again. This is all corroborated. It's very compelling it's very it's just it's a fascinating look at child abuse and grooming, and it's so so so compelling and I have other things. I want to talk about here. Now, that's a little bit of an overview of the documentary. Now here's something interesting to happen. Yesterday, Corey Feldman, who was one of Michael Jackson's staunch worth staunch worthy supporters who himself was just on staunch, thank you Dan because he himself was a victim of child abuse, and so a lot of his fans and supporters have been looking to Corey Feldman as evidence that Michael Jackson did nothing well. Yesterday, night after Corey watched the documentary, surprise, surprise, Corey Feldman came out and did an interview and said he can no longer defend Michael Jackson after horrendous abuse allegations. Corey Feldman is dramatically pulling back his support for embattled friend Michael Jackson. In light of the horrendous child sexual abuse allegations. He said after watching and processing leaving Neverland he he said he could no longer support him. So again, people keep thinking a kind of a meme out of like oh, you watch the documentary. You think you know everything. Okay, so let's go down the line: Corey Feldman best friend, Michael Jackson, victim of abuse. He watched the documentary he found something compelling in it. Also. The fact that that didn't happen with Corey Feldman doesn't mean that Michael Guerin abuse right right. That's the big one him and him in Macaulay, Culkin yeah, have both always said. Nothing happened between them, which fair enough and do it to everybody. So again, Michael Jackson was a very cunning, predator and, as many child predators are, they are very selective about who they choose. Michael Jackson has shown throughout. The documentary was very particularly, he found weak fan. He found families with weak bonds who are easy, manipulated parents who wanted the limelight, who wanted the money who wanted to be associated with someone like Michael Jackson, and he would prey on these families and use them against each other. I mean it's not every mom who will leave their child with Michael Jackson alone for 30 days, I mean that guy Wade Robson he was in Australia and Michael would called them to their house every day and he would talk to the mom too for a long time, and eventually he got her to move here with Wade and the sister and basically, this whole family broke up over this whole, drawing absolutely destroy the family. The dad was left back, they all abandon him and he later committed suicide, which was that I mean the story of the dad was absolutely reject. The guy was totally blameless, I mean, and they left her brother there in Australia, -, yeah and so actually now later on, you see that this family is so fractured today that the child says that he has no feelings for his mom, that he can't forgive her. What for what she did is trying, but you see the pain and this family is a hundred percent real. It is broke that that is dead. You see the whole family in the documentary they all give their perspective. Oh yeah, Michael called us every night for two hours, Michael was sending us faxes every day. Here's the fax I mean disabling, knew that he was calling. They would talk to him too. So yeah, it's all there, it's yet a little sister who would go there to Neverland who moved to California with them guess who he didn't have sleeping in his room every night, the little girl never loaded their whole family knew that it was about Wade, just the boy which was interesting. Yes, he was obsessed with Wade so again, just because the popular misconception is just because someone wasn't abused doesn't mean that others weren't. He was very particular and he's very smart about who he did it with. He did it with people he could get away with and Families. He could manipulate and groom and moms at parents who were like who could put themselves in a state of denial and exchange photos of all the great things he in the house, mm-hmm, okay, so this by the way I have to wash this several times a day just to take. Take myself out of crazy world. This is the best thing I've ever seen this guy Kyle Dunnigan follow him on Instagram and Twitter, he's the funniest mother effort and the whole freaking world and I just I'm so thankful. This video exists because, when I feel I'm I just put this on and I'm like I, think God. There's people out there that are still saying I like this horrible HBO documentary about me. It's filled with lies and ignorance. I would never hurt children, I, love, sleeping with little boys. That's all just a grown man sleeping that is of course I [, __ ] them kids come on. It's so obvious. I was a good pedophile too huh I felt a whole amusement park and candy store and I say your kids like candy, maybe like yeah yeah, we like yeah but yeah. You, like it yeah, okay, yeah. Well, tell you about me. The [ __ ] did did y'all notice how I slip with little cute boys, not little girl that is so lovely. She was just cute little brother, [, __, ], tight ass, mmm boys well, better get back to heaven. I got in because I apologize right before I died. Damn the rules, if you guys ever feel like going crazy world with this video on Kyle Dunnigan, is just a genius, but again he actually makes some really fantastic points guys he never slept with all of the boys. He befriended were like really handsome models. One was a TV commercial. One was a dad like these were really handsome beautiful young boys right, not fat boys, not ugly boys, not little girls. It's very fricking! True! Why explain that the other time? If he? Why why? Why do you have a type exactly I love, how he goes of course I [, __, ] them, kids, it's so obvious! It is it's so obvious. I feel like what did the little? What did it? Uh Michael Jackson say to little kids in the middle of the night in his bedroom. The crazy thing is: do I just got to say it's like, even if you accept nothing happen, which obviously is far-fetched, but nothing sexual happened, but things that are overt. The things we know about those are abuse, like you know, having a seven-year-old sleep in your bed with them 30 days in a row right like that, even if nothing sexual happened, that's Arielle abusing that kid. Yes, so we were spies. Yeah, not the kids, not in school, he's not doing anything he's just spending time with Michael Jackson yeah soon lives are who they just play. Video games all day, that's cool I mean. If you really cared about a kid, you would be like dude go to school and come hang out with me on the weekends. No here Michael wanted the kid to immediately move in for a year. Yes, the mum to live. The kid would imputed fact by the way. Now what I want to go into right now are undisputed facts about Michael Jackson. These are facts that, whether you support Michael Jackson or not, these are facts that we all can agree are undisputed. So here's number one- these are all facts. Okay, this is not conjecture. This is facts. The hallway leading to Jackson's bedroom was a serious security zone covered by video and wired for sound, so that the steps of anyone approaching would make dingdong sounds now. This was well done, invented by the police and it was covered. A lot extensively in the documentary as well is that he had like several doors leading into his bedroom. They were all wired for sounds. Had video cameras had bells so, okay, so now we so now we have a place in time. We have Michael Jackson sleeping in bed with a young boy in his bed for 30 days straight and now, let's add this element of that. There's three doorways between and it's a serious security zone with video and wired for sound, so that anyone approaching makes a dingdong. So, let's add that to the mix, are you still? Let me do a thought experiment with yourself. Anybody else yeah, you know I mean I'm serious. So, let's continue with undisputed facts. So far, five boys Michael Jackson, has shared a bed with have accused him of abuse, Jordie Chandler Jason, Frant, Francia, Gavin, Arvizo, Wade, Robinson and Jimmy safe Chuck. That's five separate abuse allegations, Jackson paid 25 million dollars to settle the Chandler lawsuit with 18 million, going to Jordie 2.5 million going to each of the parents and the rest to the lawyers. Jackson said he paid that sum to avoid something. Long and drawn-out Francie also received 2.4 million from Jackson. Now a lot of the defenders of Michael Jackson point to this as proof that these people are just after my after money, and so that supports the fact that that they're liars. But you know that's what Kelly says - right. Well, it was just one money: it's such a easy way to dismiss yeah, it's the easiest way to say, but what remedy? First? Okay! First of all, this is such a genius play by Michaels lawyers and for the whole propaganda machine, because, first of all, Michael Jackson could never risk being found guilty. Mm-Hmm I mean any amount if there, if there's a pot, if there's a possibility, you could be found guilty, there's just no there's no chance so paying them off. First of all removes that risk and it gives them the ability to just characterize anybody, as only in for for the money. So in well false one fell swoop. They are able to discredit the the plaintiffs as money hungry and to protecting his reputation by saying, oh well, we were never found guilty. We settled out of court because we just wanted them to go away all right, but you don't really pay 25 million when you're not guilty. I wouldn't I mean as I'm not Michael. Jackson though but I mean I, guess it makes sense. I could see that he's like you know what, and he would I read that he was on tour at the time and his tours are worth like hundreds of millions of dollars. So they were, you know it's like he just went. He didn't want to deal with they. He didn't wanna jeopardize his tour mm-hmm, make it go away, and this you're talking about the 93 case right. Yes, the original first one, the one that he did, that was settled for 25 right. It has an interesting detail about it. Do you know who his lawyer was, in that case no Cochran right, Hani Cochran? Yes, the guy who represented the other man who was acquitted of crimes? Do we all agree that OJ Simpson is guilty? I love, how everyone points to the justice system as the end-all, be-all, yeah, okay, see really was acquitted. Well, the fundamental misunderstanding: when, when you're acquitted, it doesn't mean you're innocent, that's why they call it not guilty. It can't prove beyond a reasonable doubt to the jury that this person I built it, but it does not being convicted, doesn't mean it didn't happen, they're, not magical. They don't know they just can't fully prove it in court. A lot and also abuse is one of the hardest things to prove, because she said right because at the end of the day, it's Michael and a child in a room of themselves. Unless you have pictures or videos or something extraordinary I would do it really no way to prove that it happened. First of all, there were no it's not like today when every kid has a cell phone smartphone yeah today, but even not even today, I, don't know that every seven-year-old could access evidence if something had concern, it's extraordinarily difficult to to prove so yeah exact. The documentary is one side that it's like yeah, that's kinda, like the only option. Well in that argument. That for me, doesn't make any sense, because and also what would it help if what the Oscar and Michael's family was I think we already know what they say: he's not guilty, but but ultimately again they were not in the bed. We all agree that he slept in the bed with them right. So right who was who was in the room the kid the only one Michael Jackson's passed away. If anyone was closest to them, was the parents like sleeping next door in a room movie and the parents are in the movie and by the way, agreeing on all the details? I mean and the parents are basically forced to admit that they're, the worst people on the whole planet, yeah and they're, like almost the real villains of all these mothers, they have more to gain by lying about it and saying, like oh he's, my son's not telling the truth right, yeah I was open-minded to give the parents a chance as far as starting the documentary but like the longer it went on just how could you just let all this happen and be there and just let it happen? Honey, mommy, I see them. A lot of them were just like kind of at a midlife crisis, satisfied with their life and they saw their an opportunity for an adventure of their boring mundane life and both of them kept calling it's a it's a like a fairy tale. Yeah like a fairy tale. Yeah, it's charming came. They were my feet. They were perfectly susceptible to his charms. You know, and he knew that he absolutely knew that you know the kids that that guy who sued him or no he so Chandler, wasn't in the in the document. It was the one guy that sued him that it was dismissed, Wade, Wade, so people so Oprah asked him. Well. Why did you sue him? You know like like? Well, how isn't it isn't that proof that it's about money- and he says well, it's the only way I could get them to listen to me. I felt like there was this great injustice. I wasn't thinking about my I wanted to put it in front of a core and I wanted people to have to listen to me and to what happened to me, what I have to say also using the same platform that he used before to defend my soul, powerful. This guy went on trial twice defending Michael mm-hmm when he was brainwashed and he didn't understand the whole picture. He didn't understand, he's been abused and he was the superfan of Michael and he couldn't imagine Michael going to prison. He was like I gotta, save him, I mean you gotta, hear him explain it obviously I'm doing it justice, but no you're doing good to him once he had this breakdown, an understanding of what happened to him and he wanted to you wanted to correct the record. It kind of makes sense that he would want to do it again in front of court and have the world hear it too, so that he's not, he doesn't have to live with that guilt, yeah game. He wants to redo it that that actually, that point was struck a chord on me because it's so it makes so much sense. I want to get back on the stand and tell the truth. This time, I just keep saying people always saying it's just soon. So so you know like they can't trust him because he changed his story. Basically, they just can't find him trustworthy, but it's just you gotta understand child abuse. Well, that's why to those people I always say you shall watch the documentary nest of it is explaining how that's possible yeah and if they were, if it was just one person, you know, I'd, maybe be a little bit more sympathetic to that attitude that you know maybe they're just trying. This is a scam or whatever, but I mean these allegations been around forever. Yes, it was, he was never put in jail for it, but eventually you know when I think it's five people have come out, mm-hmm, saying that this happened to them and there's five in total um. You know when there's that much smoke, there's usually fire, especially when there's tons of footage of the guy being a creep with children like well. Let's watch that the volume doesn't even matter you just look just I mean come on we're look we're looking at just use your brain, but also with the way the response they're getting from the whole word discourage it's really discouraging out of people to come out. How that that's, why I kind of entered the fray to begin with is because I had made a tweet saying that you know I Michael Jackson is a child predator and I wanted I I didn't see anyone voicing support for these victims that I saw as dudes whose life was and family was torn apart by this heinous crime, and now hated by the world and I was at I was expecting to see more support for them and I, just I felt so awful I felt like I, wanted to voice public support for for the film and for these guys and that's why I entered the fray on social media now also something there's a another misconception: the guy who sued Michael Jackson the case was thrown out. People show that as evidence that Michael Jackson is innocence, the truth is that the case was thrown out not on its merits, but on the statute of limitation, it was a. It was a technicality. The court said Michael Jackson passed on. We can't hold his estate his business liable for this crime, and so they threw it out on on technicality, making no judgment of the merits of his claims. Okay, because it's like, if you're saying child abuse happen, and it is cool, you're gonna sue the school right, we're like yes, he's not part of it. A company is not yeah. It's like Walt, Disney abused me, so I'm suing Disney yeah. Well, he said he it's a different whatever and the first trial yeah guys. We you have to remember that settling is not doesn't mean. You're. Okay, we've talked enough. The other big one that you see constantly posted is the thing about the FBI right yeah. It was investigated for ten years. Yes, like that's the go-to that I keep seeing over and over and over again, which you know on a surface down all the pedaling. Let me pull up the no but but go on then cuz. You know you've research this week, yeah so I mean with a lot of these claims. You know you, you see, there's all these memes that get reposted over and over again that have like kind of bullet points of like this is why it's [ __ ]. This is why these guys are incredible and on its surface, it's like oh wow, yeah I mean that sounds that sounds fishy, but almost every single one of them. If you dig into it it's like so weirdly deceptive. What they're saying and yeah the the go-to is well, he was investigated by the FBI for tires there and they never found anything, not a single thing which, like first of all, they were only the FBI was only involved in so far as providing technical support to local law enforcement. So we're not talking about like tapping his phone lines, 24-hour monitoring by the FBI kind of thing, we're talking about local law enforcement, sending magazines and tapes to the FBI for analysis. You know what I mean like, and this wasn't happening continuously. This was happening once in the early 90s, with the first suit and again in the mid-2000s for the second suit. So it's over the course of ten years, but that's very different than ten years continuously. You know what I mean like it's two instances of being looked into, and so that's not really. You know that's not really being fully honest by saying he was being monitored by the FBI for ten years yeah. So this is like the copypasta that you see all over social media. First of all, I was honored to be a guest on Tim's office hours podcast, and he made the most hilarious observation about this, which is so true. I wish I thought of it. Grandpa Simpson is the raving delusional lunatic of the show. Why is he the one whole thing it's more. It's almost like this was used, ironically, actually, yeah, that's a very funny point, and the funny thing is that these guys are saying. Oh, we did our reason didn't know, but you didn't. Whenever someone speaks, they watch that you didn't do your research. All you did was watch a documentary and now you're an expert, but these people are just sharing a meme of grandpa Simpson who's, the crazy delusional character in the show holding up a sign. It says: Michael Jackson was monitored by the FBI for 13 years or his house was searched two times by more than 70 officers. Not true I mean highly exaggerated. Why doesn't monitor it for 13? That's that's flat-out. False hundreds of kids were interviewed somewhere offered money, I, don't know what that's a very vague claim. I tried to investigate that I tried to investigate every single thing on this, and some of it is so outlandish. Somes like I, don't even know how to find out about this. So nothing was found. I mean that's just flat-out. Yeah I mean somebody says some suspect stuff was definitely found. Well enough, as you said, to bring it to criminal court and right I mean they did prosecute him. It's not like. There was no evidence again. It's not like logistics. Justice system is perfect like soon so why not? We all yeah exactly oh and it's not we all. Just we don't. We don't convict, we convict people when it's beyond a reasonable doubt. Okay, so it's entirely possible that you can be guilty, but you can't convince a jury beyond a reasonable doubt, and so, especially when the person is a super loved hero for everyone, even even find a jury that doesn't know yeah and all of his alleged victims are testifying in his favor. Yes, okay, so nothing was found, that's false. He was tried for four months and found not guilty. That's true, but it doesn't mean he's innocent. He was found exactly not couldn't even get him on a misdemeanor. Well, he wasn't tried for a misdemeanor you idiot. Even now the law works. Like that's such a weird point. It's not like whoa he's not guilty of abuse. Let's try him for a petty theft. It's gonna for jaywalking yeah. The reason why we defend him is not because we are fans. Okay, sure we are fans because we have studied the deposition testimonies and court documents instead of tabloid headlines. I'm sure that everybody sharing this grandpa Simpson meme has studied the testimonies, depositions and court documents. First, accuser was caught on tape, saying he wants money. That was the dad actually right, yeah and I mean we the other day. We listened to the tape of the dad, and you know it. You could easily interpret it as being somebody that's greedy and after money, but if you listen to it, you can very much equally interpret it as a furious parent who wants to destroy the person that did this to their kid. You really it's all in you know what beat you, however, you interpret it. This is a flat-out lie. First, accuser was caught on tape, saying he wants money false. It was his father, not the accuser right. The boy emancipated himself from his family never spoke to them again. That's true, but imagine when, if your parents sell you into a child abuse, you would want to do that as well. Second case was filed with time line, contradiction and gaps. Okay, Sherlock Holmes. They had scammed other celebs like Jay, Leno, I, don't know what that means. I am I tried to find that I I'm lost on that. If anybody wants to send info on that I'm happy to look at it, but that that was a weird one. I was like what the [ __ ], Wade, Robinson and James safe Chuck are proven liars who sued Michael Jackson estate for money, but when their case were thrown out of court, they decided to make a movie know your facts: fam, okay, Adam, so Wade Robinson was the dancer. He was suing Michael Jackson as we discussed, because he wanted to go back on the stand and correct the record. James safe chuck was a child actor. He had a relationship with Michael Jackson for a long time as far as I could tell never sued Jackson never sought money, never sought any monetary damages or compensation. In fact he burned hundreds of thousands of dollars of Michael Jackson memorabilia that was given to him and his family to be fair. He did at a late stage in the lawsuit join. Wait, that's what I! So that's what I mean sued, that's what I'm getting to is that good, so Wade Robinson was suing him and I think when they met and collaboration for this. What happened is that James was living and still in denial. You know not knowing what happened, but he was going through a mental breakdown and he saw Wade Robson talk about it on TV and that kind of triggered him to come to terms with what happened and right, and so they just they added him to the lawsuit as a they just they just they just added him, basically to - so yeah, so they they, they say their cases were thrown out. It wasn't thrown out on the merits. Again it was a technicality, passed the statute of limitation and they were not compensated by HBO in any way shape or form to be in the documenting. So know your facts. Fam and again, please recall when you see this on social media, that grandpa Simpson, the raving lunatic, delusional conspiracy theory who has lost his marbles is the one holding the sign. I, don't understand this whole movement of like oh you're, just gonna, believe a documentary. It's like sorry, but I. Don't really trust, HBO, I love it everything they make well. Hbo is dating like credible. They have to go to so many lawyers, absolutely so many approval ago they they're putting the whole company on the line. You know they say I always hear people saying it's: unvetted, unproven, yeah, right, I, don't know. Oops hurdles to jump through to get cleared, I can look into stuff and I did and nothing changed my mind, but I'm also not gonna, pretend to really a person qualified to look at FBI reports and like analyze, a lawyer stuff, like sorry I'm, just not qualified. Well when, when the dog, when I go to see a doctor- and he tells me something I trust him. You know I believe what he's saying you're only her dealer from that doctor well and what's wrong with the documentary I mean a documentary is a source of information as much as a book. A movie a magazine, I mean it's a it's up. It's a collection of knowledge, it's anecdotes and stories, a documentary, and that is a movie made for the purpose of spreading knowledge, and this one happens to be a good one. It's the first-hand account you can a lot of people that were in the room with this. Sometimes there are bad documentaries and you're in town, and you know: I have some intuition that I can trust. Hbo is not a network that puts out some tabloids. Let's put, let's put it I, just don't understand this. It's like a movement now we're anti. You just believe we're you. What people tell you or well? No, it's it's a movement of like oh, oh, that's cute! You actually believe that yeah I don't know well again, I mean I, think it all comes down to this sort of smearing of the of the subjects of the documentary and in questioning of their credibility, which again I mean I, won't go point by point through it right now, because it's really arduous. But you know if all those people are saying. Oh, do some research I encourage them. You need to do some research actually follow up on these statements that you're seeing that are trying to counter the narrative, because almost every single one of them are highly deceptive in RNA that they're worth and and a lot of the facts are so much in dispute. So much that nobody has like. There's one claim that I always hear, and that supports my claim that Michael Michael was a child abuser by the way before I get too deep in that come one of you guys find out what was originally on. The sign. I'm really curious, like that, could be really religion, Allah, I, actually I've a glee. Remember the original picture. You know what I was saying. Is that there's one claim that the child that the F or the police took pictures of Michael's penis and that the child was correctly able to identify a marking on his penis? Now we were not able in any way to corroborate or there's a lot of claims like that that it's just how you can't possibly know if it's right or wrong so I'm, not I'm, not bringing that up. That's not a Honda spirit! Fact, but there's enough yeah I think to try very, very clear picture, I'd love to see what was originally written on that sign that somebody said you know: I'm gonna erase whatever grandpa Simpson has and write this and people accept that, as fact I really want to know was there. Furthermore, don't take my word for it, because I am an idiot okay, and that is. But that is my point. You don't need to have a PhD in I, don't even know what they expect you to know, yeah to form an opinion on this yeah I. Don't I mean that's? How would you go on with your life? You can't you can't do anything that if you have to question everything well, I always found it so rich when people I built my whole career on sharing my opinion. I have a very strong opinion and when people agree they get very excited and they laugh and they love it and they feel like they're on the same team, but when they disagree all the sudden, it's ethan stick to comedy. He then is always wrong. His opinions, it's like it's like dude I, either needs to stop sharing his opinion and stick to comedy. It's like I built my whole career. This is this is what I do. This is what I do you know, but so don't take my word for it. Okay, for all of the discrediting you see on social media among Michael Jackson fans. This movie received 97 percent on Rotten Tomatoes and, among top critics it has 100 percent now I'm not saying that to sit to say that critics are correct about everything. I'm, only merely exemplifying that every movie critic, 97 percent and 100 of top critics watch this their whole livelihood is critias a judging the merits of a film, and they all said, there's something credible and compelling about this film that it's worth watching. 100 percent of them said that so these are people who is whole livelihood is judging films and they are an unanimous decision that there's something compelling worth watching in these documentaries and Louis Theroux. Recently again, thank God because sometimes I feel like I'm living in crazy world. Here, Louis Theroux, one of the most brilliant prolific, credible documentarians of all time, he's truly one of my heroes. Now you can say I'm stupid and that I don't do research and that he thing said, watch the documentary overall. That means it's try saying that's a Louis Theroux. If you can't see that Michael Jackson was a pedophile after watching dan Reid's documentary, you are willfully blind and if you are campaigning against it, you're actively colluding in the silencing of victims, what a brilliant tweet and, of course, if you go down in the comments, the top [ __ ], it's like this ain't, it fam, yeah, I, haven't seen the documentary yet, but FBI conducted 13 years of investigation, shocking, wow, I, wonder where you got that information every time I see it I cringe. It's like come on people like just start no comment and response was I, usually agree with you Lily, but on this one, it's like okay and the the second part. What he said about silencing victims is just so true, it's so important, and that's just what's so painful for me to watch with the way people are just talking, [, __ ], about this, to guys and in general and the victims, it's yeah, so they changed their story because they're, a victim I mean you. Maybe you haven't been to any experience like that, but this is something that is very common with child abuse. Well and their main point that they're clinging to is completely dismantled in the documentary they refuse to watch yeah that was kind of what was so heartbreaking and so frustrating about. This is like the if you're willing to go out in public and attack and ridicule and discredit people, because, on the other end, what you are defending is potentially one of the most prolific child predators and that that ever lived so horrific. So if, if you're willing to go in public and defend potentially one of the someone who's committed the most heinous crime, you can imagine one of the most heinous crimes you can imagine I. Think you owe it to yourself to do as much research as you can and that unfortunately, I hate to tell you includes watching this documentary that has a 100% in around tomatoes and is widely acclaimed by documentarians. But it's so true, you are can't paint. You are campaigning against you're, actively colluding and silencing victims. It's so true, imagine you're one of his victims watching this and you're aware you ever come out, and this is the response it's like yeah I would never why and so you're already going through so much shade, you don't need the whole word shooting on you, - yeah. Of course, Louis Theroux puts it so brilliantly and I. Just such a huge fan. His were you guys able to find the original mean. I haven't been able to find it yet the chat has been somewhat helpful. I think they've maybe pointed me in the right direction of the right episode, yeah. So, okay, good the search, continued, close I'm closing in good. Thank you, Jeff, make sure you guys so that's kind of, and then I see this to which I mean it's I hear I, see people saying they've been two hours, they say to me: oh damn they go well. I believe that Michael Jackson did the crimes he's accused of, but because he's dead and can't defend himself, it's wrong to drag him um. What are that statement to me is profoundly dumb because you're on one hand saying yes, he is committing the most heinous crimes that he never lived. The judge he never got taken to justice for destroying so many family, and so many kids. He never got the justice he deserved and I and so a one hand you're like he is a heinous criminal, but on the other hand he can't defend himself. So let's not talk about it. How do those two ideas coexist out? There? Don't I I, don't I, don't even know what to say about it. So if he was a huge, awful child rapist, we don't deserve to know. Let's not talk about it. I would like to know so important, because one a lot of people say well he's dead. What does it matter? Okay, they're survivors of his crimes are very much alive. Their pain is very much alive that their families that were ripped apart is very much alive and to if we as a world in abled Michael Jackson, to commit such heinous crimes. If we were collectively groomed and cast under his spell. That is something that we as a world need to grapple with and understand and make sure that we don't enable people to do it again. So now, should we talk about him? Should we let it go because he's dead, it doesn't matter that is absolutely profoundly dumb. May I, don't understand that it's. What would the way I see? That is just it's kind of like a Michael Jackson apology just sit down right now. It's like I don't want to talk about it, you're kind of still in denial. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to think about it. Kind of like he's bad right exactly it's proof that they've been groomed because don't want to talk about it, you're starting to understand yeah, maybe did do something wrong. Probably most likely did, but I don't want to talk about it. Well, let's not talking he's dead. I, don't want to drag his name. What are you his best friend, but you don't owe him anything. I don't want to talk about it. Cuz he's dead and I feel uncomfortable. But what do you owe him since? When is that even a thing? What I don't want to know the truth he's dead? What does it matter? I, don't track his good name he's passed on. He can't defend himself. Okay, let me speak for him. I didn't do it. There was no ants hit me with that. Make a change. Would you you got it? There were even more there we go for once am I. It's gonna feel real good. This isn't going very well, but watching my lap. Oh that's Stevie! Wonder! Look! Sorry! Sorry! Stevie, sorry, Stevie! What's that one song about the uh someone to need me is that is that Stevie Wonder as well yeah, no there's a Michael Jackson song about Oh Oh night long how's it go! That's one! Oh Ritchie no come on! There's got one dance dance with you all night, yeah, oh, not a robbery! I wanna sleep with you! Oh I wanna touch your penis all night. Don't ever tell your parents ever I like that tie little butthole, everybody I want to sleep with you eh all night, three hands up you like wanna lick. Oh my! Don't tell your parents what happened because I love you and you'll go to prison forever. What else your hands? Everybody? Did you get your passport? Did you get your shots? Do you want to come with me to Neverland house to Poona glad to that I want you rock with your dick out Oh night. Don't ever tell anybody what happened ever right right? Anybody, let's chat enjoying this, so should I stop sushi babies, yeah I, don't know yeah! Sorry, no I mean I. Just don't think you should put it out publicly. Yet you got to put some polish on that, and you know little production I want with you. Oh not. If you love me, you'll stay in my bed. I want to be with you, I don't want to Michael I wanna sleep on the floor. The real question: can you separate the art from the artist yeah? That's a tough one in this case, I think it's too fresh, yeah I can't currently listen to Michael, Jackson and I. Doubt that I'll be able to for the you know. It's such a shame because, like I said, his music is just so tonight. Yeah r.kelly I can live without I. Believe I can fly, I believe I can get my passport papers before I leave to America. No currently I feel like I cannot do because actually with the documentary paints is a picture of a man who his whole life and everything he did revolved around his sexual deviance. He was a man who the music the act performance, the fame, the magic everything was a vehicle to get. What he wanted from these kids and I feel that that's wrong. I'm sure that that's not true I'm sure he had love for the music and he was either he was a. He was a good, complicated guy, a decent guy in many ways, a loving guy in any way, yeah I mean didn't. He do tons for charity and all that kind of absolutely that's the thing with abuse I mean you could be abused by your father. You know the court can be a good take anything away from. It could be a good guy still and do horrible things. Of course it's it's really complicated. It always is right, absolutely right, but for now I think that I'm not listening out listening to Michael Jackson I, couldn't understand it when it's so fresh, but yeah I think I personally am able to do. The separation like I'm, not gonna, get mean out I. Think I need some time to uh. That's fair I, don't think I'm ready to listen to Michael Jackie. My go-to, like my favorite one of my favorite directors, is Woody Allen, which obviously has a ton of baggage associated with him. Yeah I'm not gonna, not watch his movies. Because of that, though, the movies to me it stands on its own as a piece of art. So yeah, that's right, I get it though. Well, you know a lot of people say about vogner right. He wasn't a Nazi sympathizer, but it's been a while now like more than sympathetic. Well, he was a Nazi yeah and he was a straight-up, not see people like vogner, so I don't know, maybe in a couple hundred years I can ride of the valkyries, though it's here now. What do you actually think that man in the mirror was about I'm? Looking at the man in the mirror, I'm asking him to not rape, any kids think he was trying to coach himself out of it and if you think, and a different I've got a bunch of LARM. In my doorway myself, when people come to take Dube away, hey everyone put your hands up, everybody put your hands up. We've got a special guest here tonight: Michael Jackson everybody was dead. All right, special guests, Michael Jackson everybody round of applause, incredible performance. Were you able to find the grandpa Abe meme I have not been able to find it and Chad's been on it too, unless, unless I missed it I'm so curious, you know it's something so good. Like somebody, somebody claimed a specific episode is actually a treehouse tree house abhorred episode. You know the science says something like totally nuts I mean that character is a loon, well that about oh I. Maybe need to do this extreme vapenation guys. If you have submissions for us and we estimate podcast at h3h3 productions calm. We would always love to hear you last a few episodes ago. We asked for vapenation and extreme places and you all answered the call they delivered river rafting in South, Carolina, Courtney and Korey. That's cute, better names, a Courtney and Korey like the same name yeah. This is the seed bank right yeah. This is really cool. Greenland's event: a rollin huggin suvat Vontae rollin huggin. So this is super freakin cool. It's in like some frigid, it's either in Greenland or maybe Iceland Phrygian area. That's always frozen over. They have a replica of every seed of every plant species on earth as a bank. Just in case you know, look if the world gets nuked and well attempt it's like a it's an underground. It's just the door to a big bunker. There's no complex underground store, like every seed of every plant on the planet, isn't isn't that the coolest thing like sometimes humanity's the cook? Does it cool Michael Jackson's like sleeping little boys and meanwhile, some dudes, like I'm gonna, make a seed, vault, Eiffel, Tower, Pablo, Blas I. Think I was actually Tokyo Tower, oh, what a scam! This is very beautiful, so shout out to Jordan. God bless okay, I thought I recognized, but love you anyway same place. Apparently South Dakota hated, God, well, [, __, ], Papa, blows baby hto anime convention, the most exotic place on earth, yeah Megan shut up, - Megan at the anime connection, I've heard that's the one of the most dangerous environments to be an on planet, Earth brave, the wilderness. For me, Nick in South Africa, don't slip. Vapenation, Papa bus and we've got in the hospital battling. Pneumonia. Elisa Papa bless you of a quick recovery, T of a [ __ ] Teddy, fresh hat Ukraine Hannah Peace Corps trip, dude, you're, good person, no vapenation we're rocking Itay for a shot, well, public bus to you and and your mission there of peace vapenation on a rock Pikes, Peak Colorado 14,000! Wait! That's not it is it yeah yeah yeah that one's Pikes, Peak Joe, Nepal Alice in the h3 merch, throwing a pop of less that's very nice blown fat clouds everywhere he goes. This is Christian the Bolivian salt flats. Is this the same person well shut up - this dude - I, don't know I, don't know why he didn't get a title: sorry, but Wow, alright and decked out. You went all out for this one huh Phil, you just got filled in washington, d.c vapenation, really representing their approve of us great lots of canyon shots Dana at the Grand Canyon dad, sir Canyon babe Nash to you Nikolai's at the top of the Burj Khalifa Papa, blessed man. You guys spread the love even -, even - uh where's that--what's akimbo in Dubai. Thank you in Hebrew. Canyon is a shopping mall. Sorry Canyon in Hebrew is a shopping mall Canyon. We should make a shopping mall and the Grand Canyon I call it. The candor Canyon came near the canyon Canyon. This guy is doing an SOS for flavor, Plains, vape, god I think it says know it says: vape call it cuz he's all babies I get caught. God, that's very clever! Sam! Thank you for a reputation. We've got Axl, that's a badass name, excellent Thailand on one hand, desecrating the holy site that you're visiting and so I. Thank you for that. So guys. Thank you for night for contributing what a thrill I mean. My goodness, somebody had a skydiving one, but it was the sound. Was bad and he's a quick flash, um I, don't have a link here. Do it but appreciate you -. Do we want to watch Ian and Zach? You both watch. The documentary tell me what you think for Christ's sake. Ian, you always got hot takes dead Thome, oh no, no hot takes I thought. It was pretty disturbing. Okay, I thought you were gonna just cop out, I mean you have an opinion about it. Well, I can't post my Simpson being four back here. I just got a note from ela. She says my secret notes. She said, wrap it up soon. I need to pee ela. You know pregnant women, their bladders get squeezed by the expanding in their body, so she has right away. While we were talking about Michael Jackson, the baby was kicking, hmm Oh. What is that I? Don't know each? Do we want to watch the Kanye soul playing first yeah yeah, let's wrap it up with something joyous. Can you narrate this because you're, the Kanye superfan Ian I swear to God goaded is Ian and Dan switch spots yeah. You know what you have to narrate this. Alright, let's see what's going on back there there is Dan is out there on the maestro dan is on the maestro mixing it up. Okay and I'm gonna play this, so you let me know what we're looking at okay, okay, so he was in Seattle doing his church service at the adidas headquarters on Tuesday, then this was on the plane flight back to Calabasas. Did he try to the whole plane? Are these all strangers no way yeah? He just inspired yeah. This is all his crew right. I would believe so yeah I like to imagine, there's one guy who's, not kind of looks confused, babe the cameras on I'm sure they sound the way too good I think this yeah yeah. You know this his gang, probably weren't, performing at the church, I love. How happy Kanye looks he's been looking so happy. Yeah thanks me, happy yeah he's all smiles. Do you really want me right? Do you really want me? Thank you and anything else. You wanna add in now that you're in the hot seat put the camera on the end and let's, let's talk the end, yeah boy: when can we get a PowerPoint? There's not been a lot of spicy stuff for a PowerPoint or are you being too picky? Yeah I? Think I'm very picky in tell me you watched all three parts of the documentary did you you went in neutral. Is that right, pretty much yeah and you came out neutral I mean it's. Definitely it's not a difficult task for me to distance from Michael, because I'm, not you, know, Michael listener yeah! It's it's interesting to watch kind of removed to see because he is a hero to so many people, so watching them struggle with. That has been it's interesting to dig into for sure, but yeah I'd, it's more than likely some. Some bad things happened more than likely you already hear from me in the dome. You can call me stupid, but you cannot call in here that guy puts together powerpoints like you've. Never seen already, and thank you thank you. You guys can switch off. Remember, ladies, he is single and he's going to the movies by himself, which is so tragic and adorable. At the same time you can save him, should I give your Instagram name or no, you can find it easily. Dan is also single as I. Is that right down? Yes, dan doesn't like girls too young. What's your bottom you're, not too young, but I mean like what no Angie I mean eNOS is younger. Dan is older. Dan. Your barrier for entry is 25 right, yeah, that's that's a decent floor, I'm 31, so I'm yeah, right about and Ian, is like 23. So there's a big you know yeah yeah and could get some answers sounded funny. Yeah, okay, fine I'll, give you that I'm just saying Dan is a very eligible bachelor. He's handsome he's gainfully employed he's smart he's insightful and he is very, very single. Ladies, very very bad. That's desperate, yeah I am so [ __ ] single Zach is taken right. Zach I am taking man and very in a very happy relationship. Alright, well she's got to try. So even doing does she watch this after Yoshi bit? Okay, no she'll have heard that yeah. Is there anything you want to say to her Highland how you doing? Oh, not as romantic as the Frog Lynn says her name Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay. You got a great guy and he's Lindsay those jackets. You make her fire. It's gonna put that out there jockey Dan, you go watch movies by yourself, I mean I. Have it's not a weekly occurrence for me? Is there anything adorable and cute vulnerable? You can share it's adorable yeah. It really is so sweet. No there's nothing! There's nothing sweet about me, I'm, I'm, cold, bitter and well. That's it. What you're, gonna Dana's single? Alright, let's wrap it up! We've done it we've seen it all done talked about it. How did we you know - goddamn it we did it I'm sure people will be very torn. That's why our to see the like to dislike ratio? It's actually not that bad! Well, that first it was like 50% down, but yeah I feel like Michael Jackson Defense Force can only do so. Much damage, hey, like I said when you made that tweet. That's so controversial, you go look at the ratio mm-hmm, it's still healthy man. Thank like the likes to comments so and I hey! That's all that matters in life really is like. So what does the 12 year old boy say when he's in bed with Michael Jackson? No I'm, not gonna. Do it alright, let's wrap it up guys. We thank you and, of course, my guys out there who are all single, no I I wish I could hook you up I, don't know how to help you. It started dating actually dating thing kind of doping. It hook you up with some h3 fans singles. Let me call a b.call I'd be down to host like a singles night speed-dating, where I'm on the mic and I'm like I, wonder how we can make that happen. At any rate. Thank you guys so much. We have guests coming. What do we have planned? A man, yeah I, don't think there's anybody next week yet, but I believe the following week. We have next up, is Theo von Theo von wonderful and require you're, also rific comedian, after that we have slow mo guys run after that, yet I am personally excited to meet with Emma Chamberlain, who confirmed yes, it's confirmed, Hey, okay and so I am I'm a fan I like her she's, extremely successful up and coming when she's already come up. She's not she's up and she's, going up higher Emer channeling, very talented young lady, that about wraps it up. My dudes have a terrific weekend and remember to Jim Aune. What is it? Jim? Oh, hey I think it's Shambo. What is your game on? That's H in there you don't want to know and it's getting into the groove you're scatting, both okay, thank you that well, that's it so love y'all, I, love, y'all! So much but okay, fine, just wrap them and bye everybody. You! You.