You welcome everybody to the h3 podcast. It is Friday January, February, March I have to count to the months it's March 15th, because I'm a child. You don't do that in there Feb remarking now, March 15 2019. What are you doing? December December 12? Obviously so sometimes you can count back with you, though. December November October, dude I didn't recognize. The I just swear to God. I didn't know the month count until I was like 15. It's tough, it's I! Don't know why again, I'm Dyslexic, you uh, but I would always have to be like God January February is so tough. Mr. tough, where were you wanted these geniuses that remembered the month I'm like a genius Wow way to flex on me? Thank you to our sponsor today: calm, Robin, Hood, candid and quip. Now we have a lot of great material here to discuss. First of all, it's ridiculous how much great stuff we have! Ethan, Bradberry and Mo Bradbury were at salt, Bay's restaurant and took a video, and we got an interview with them about the experience. Hello, that's incredible! We've got Logan calls a flat earther we've got Jake Paul's new single, which is just awful we're gonna enjoy watching that walks around in a straitjacket talking about he's single, but I come today before you all with a heavy heart. Yes, such a tragedy that occurred yesterday in New, Zealand I, really don't want to get into the specifics, because, to be frank and I and I always say this and I really think this. When it comes to these two, these people that do these awful things they do it for attention. They do it for recognition. They, the media, always gives them copious amounts of what they want. They make it like a video game with a high score and and what I would like to remind everyone that the best thing to do and situations like this is don't don't look at his name. Don't look at his pictures. Don't look at his video. Don't look at his writing. Look at his thoughts. You know what I'm saying: don't even don't even think about him. The guy is nothing that's why he that he's nothing. Let's keep it. That way haven't said, while we were talking about because everybody it's it's all I, don't it's obvious. There was a tragedy in New Zealand, it's like it's! So it's so sad and it's so it's just so ridiculous. You guys I mean I've really been disturbed by this. Just first of all, remember the victims. Think about the victims. Think about these people that were affected by it. Don't give this guy any attention. He is nothing I mean everyone in New Zealand right now, it's still a victim because it just happened and who knows what else does guys are planning and it's like they. Everyone was locked down and schools and they couldn't go anywhere and couldn't talk to anyone. So it wasn't horrible yeah. It was really locked out. Well, it was. It was a wild thing because there was people at large yeah, so nobody really knew what was going on, but and then there's the other angle that this guy had brought up. He had said subscribe to PewDiePie and the fact that a live stream, the whole thing live stream. Facebook live the whole stream, it's just uh, it's just it's ridiculous, and but the whole thing is just such a mess. Honestly and I. Just I I think that the best thing we can do is support. The victims donate help how you can and don't give this guy any attention at all. That's the best way to deter this from happening, because these people do it because they want to be famous. They want to be infamous so starve him of that. Do not give him any attention. That's it! That's that's! The best thing I can think to do. You know a lot of people argue about all these huge societal issues and well. Those are perfectly valid. Conversations have I'm not in a place to discuss those things. The only thing that that makes sense to me is don't give that guy any attention. If you I see his picture online and I'm Eeva and I am repulsed. I'm like I, don't want to see his [ __ ] face I. Why are you even showing me his face? I, don't even want it. I want him to not as soon as I heard about it on Twitter I saw his face without even trying to look and don't even at all that guy is nothing. Why should I see his [ __ ] face? You know it's funny. At any rate, it's not funny, there's nothing funny about it. So that's that's my personal take on on how to combat these things as it on an individual level, because you know you can debate all day about about it, but it's a tragedy and and let's not give him any attention at all. So that's it! That's my take and if you do seep you like and if you see news outlets and if you see people checkmarks sharing this stuff, tell him I'm following blah commute I'm just say: hey: dude, I, don't let's! Why are you giving him attention? Why are you showing me his picture right into the, because I think people are now starting to be aware of like we need to stop I, see more people talking about it now. Well, I'm so happy to see that, because I really think that's a huge thing in society. We need to address because it is always always always we fetishized these people, especially in the mainstream media. When you put on like 24 hours new networks, it's like they get so deep into it. They're like this was what he was up to. We looked in his room and we found this, and this is where he was talking, and this is what his brother was doing and here's pictures of him when he was a kid. It's like dude. What are you doing mm-hmm? So, let's not do that. I'm gonna try to move on we've got you know. Can you do it? You we've got a got a entertaining show here that we've planned and we will try to entertain you. We did remove our video yeah because just for the timing of that was unfreaking believable yeah yesterday we posted a video I. Had we got this really horrific hate mail that blew me away when I read it, threatening to kill me and ela and whatever you do from a t-series fan and I. Read it and I said you're saying don't do that you can just say: don't do that we read it and said: Wallace subscribe to PewDiePie for revenge, the title the video subscribe to PewDiePie for revenge, the same freakin day this guy. That did this awful thing, says: okay, lads subscribe to PewDiePie before and I'm, not I'm, not putting blame on anybody. I'm, not trying to say anything about anything. I just think that, first of all, the timing was so tragic. Okay and I think that that meme is just not funny anymore. No, no, there's nothing! It's it's! It's all I think that it's just I think that, leaving that video up made me uncomfortable I felt awful about it and that I just I don't know and again I'm, not blaming PewDiePie I'm, not saying I'm, just saying just forming as soon the timing was just awful, there's just nothing. There was nothing nice about that video anymore, especially the video discussing at that, and it said like they thought it was like revenge. Yeah I was like, oh, my god. The timing on this was just so I was blown away. You know I was just blown away. I was talking with mr. beast because he's coming to LA next week to do the podcast and we had just exchanged phone numbers and he called me and I thought you were scheduled. The podcast he's like no, no, no, like hey man. Did you hear the news. I was like what are you talking about because I was expecting his call. I just gave my phone number schedule. He says: oh, yes, somebody! He said. Oh this thing just happened and he said subscribe to. Pewdiepie I didn't want to believe it at first I was just like there's no way, there's no way. It's like the worst. They really man, I felt so I just feel awful about it. So, of course, I went and erased. The video I mean come on and I tweeted out the video I erased. The tweet I mean come on I'm, not trying to it's just what that video is not is not funny anymore. No, it's not good. I felt bad, so I removed it. That's it! That's all. There is to it unbelievable man, there's a lot to process I'm, not making any comments about anything. You know it's too soon to even think about anything. I'm, just processing it and I'm. Just I am gutted by I felt I've been feeling just awful about it. I mean it meant. I couldn't believe the timing of that forty nine people dead right now, and they say at least they say at least 49 -, probably because a lot of people will die injured in the hospital yeah from their injuries. Yeah really crazy day yesterday, because there was also shots in Tel Aviv, the Rockets right right or yeah, the Rockets that usually they when it reaches Tel Aviv, is an unusual event. It's pretty crazy, mm-hmm and um. I was just talking to my mom and she was telling me about it. She just arrived home in the evening and she started to hear the sirens, and then she heard like two big explosions, because they they catch their good in air and to do not let it land anywhere. So I asked her what so? What did you do when you hear it and she was like nothing just sitting on the couch watching? Tv, that's, and it reminded me like right, Israel, it's like yeah, you been gone, dance is what it is yeah there was a lot of or when we were living there together. There was a period where we were having sirens. Rockets were coming, does I mean dozens of times a day for like a month, and it was just the Rockets siren everyone takes cover. The scariest is when you're walking on the street and then the wrought-iron hits yeah I remember Sean was walking. There was this little alley that we used to walk to to the bus, stop and there's no cover there. It's wide open and so a rocket hit, Sean or I mean a siren hit Sean when when he was walking to work- and he just had to lay down and like the gutter, you did yeah. That's the worst out open you're like all right. Well, because usually you'll take cover on like the north side of a building or something away from the rocket, and you feel like relatively safe there. But out in the open you're, just like all right, well, yeah, let's say a prayer with a prayer, I think people we are people are so charged up these days so charged up man. So I, don't know I, don't want to talk about it anymore than that there's everybody's talking about it, you'll see it everywhere. On Twitter on the news on YouTube on reddit, just hard 24-hour news I mean you know, so, let's get into the entertainment. Yes, we recently went to the doctor. Mm-Hmm celebrate the life that is coming into this earth about this news, Theodore Theodore, our child, our son, we checked on just one. Was that like two days ago here he is you guys ready. So this little guy he's developed enough I was asking the doctor I'm like. Could he technically come out now I mean not that I want him to tell everyone. That's like what do you planning? Why are you asking I'm just curious about the you know how kids develop I said? Could he technically survive outside the womb? Now, just out of curiosity, because I was I'm curious like how well it developed. Is this little guy inside of you and yes, he could mm-hmm, he could technically survive outside the womb now, which is so crazy. So there's like a full-on baby in there, so wild here is watch. This just got a little face for sure see that [ __ ], though that's the face in the hand eyes mouth moving, cuz he's a little heart beating and those are his hands on the side. You see his mouth watching, that's the hand on top of his head, like a monkey. Look at that fantastic isn't! It is like our doctor rolls I love that guy man, it's not a trip. That's awesome! It's hard to uh, it's hard to express or to understand without being in the stitch when I fell, or at least from my perspective. It's just how miraculous yeah it is I mean cuz. You walk right, oh yeah, baby! You know he had a baby, but that's my that's me and ela brought that out of nothingness and there's a little baby. That's a little mean a little you it's an elite athlete and he's a no-tell. He said he is gonna, be a freaking foo that guy's gonna run a quick mile man. It's just incredible: I can't wait to meet him, yeah, so crazy, but then I saw this video. You know. Childbirth is one just one of those things right. Okay, this is the funniest [ __ ] I ever seen. Watch this [ __ ] watch. The dads face is the best [ __ ] I, ever seen in my life [Music]. What did he see? You know like that. Sound early Bertha's, the guy just took a peek back there and he gagged. He almost sounded like you in your videos. Man, you think, is that amazing, like he just briefly peeks and he's just like I'm out I'd be gas, and this is like a hard guy with both chains and tattoos and [ __ ] right. What did he see? Man I love? How hard well I told he said: I, don't want him looking at anything down there, I don't want to look now, I'm gonna! Look when the baby comes out. That's what I was advised to do by our friends that have been through this themselves. Cuz some people look I'm, not gonna, watch I might peak, but I'm not gonna, like watch I'll, be there okay, mm-hmm I'll, be there I'll, be holding your hand, I'll, be there with you, like our heads, because there I imagine, there's like there's a barrier you're there or you're there. So I'm gonna be there on the face side, but you know be funny. If I did that, just a father deal no I'm with me. Look at her head and I peek back I'm gonna peek, but it's probably got to look super gnarly yeah get yourself too cuz. You've just pushing you pushing you pushing and you just feel like Williams is gonna [, __, ], myself, I'll be like either. Did you just pooped I'm like no no I'm just kidding, but I heard they're real, quick about it? They like know what they're doing the nurse is like? Oh no, that's what I heard I don't remember where it or that but yeah. You wanna, watch that video again now speaking of children that you guys hear about this College Admission scandal. This thing cracks me up. It fascinates me I'm floored by it I'm awed by it. I can't get for the story. Super ultra rich parents were paying schools bribing coaches, paying off people at the SATs to take the test for their kids or fudge the numbers paying them insane amounts of money. One coach was estimated to have been paid twenty five million dollars over the course of this bribery scandal. The Dude's in like Beverly Hills in a fifty million dollar house like I, wonder how he afford that he's just a coach they afford that. But it's not like. He was like a big. He was like the coach of like the rowing or he was like a sports director. I, don't know. I know: college coaches make a F load of money mm-hm, but he was not one of those people. Anyway. I got to start saving for Theodore's college fund because I figured it might cost $100,000 for like four years five, knowing our son not calling him dumb or anything, but it runs in the family, not under my watch, but it turns out. I may need actually up to six million dollars to bribe the coach, which is what some people pay it yeah and says some parents pay it up to six million fantastic, how that's a real sucker, because some people got in for fifteen thousand and then some suckers ended up paying six million what that was to get into like Harvard and Yale and those kind of screw it more more they're like hey, you want to get into UC Santa Cruz, fifteen thousand I'll take a fifty doc. Oh, you want Harvard six million yeah. That makes sense. You know what I was like six million dollars. Why don't you just hire a tutor? You loser just study, idiot I. Think they care about that Ethan. So let me know want that title Harvard yeah, but like all right, so I on your way into a country club almost so this is my favorite part of the story that they. So these coaches were photoshopping pictures to make them look. They would take the the head of their child and Photoshop them onto ass, leads bodies dude. How awful did those look? They got a relief yeah. They haven't been released yet, but I'm so desperate to see what those look like, my goodness, but it's like part of mmm evidence, we're gonna, be public, maybe eventually I, don't know it's not public, yet well, I think cuz. It involves minors, there's some. It might even be in the case, and maybe just the media isn't releasing it because of their policy of not right, give the media that have said it give him too much. Brittany honestly, the media is like a baby, was a killed and here's the pictures of it from all angles. Um one girl got this. This blue online that they have people inside the SATs. That's so crazy! I, don't know that. You appreciate that how I'm saying the SATs are, but so people inside boosting their graves from a thousand, which is like a pretty shitty score. It's a very shitty score to 14 20, which is like an incredible score understand. First of all, why do parents care so much? Yes? Well, why do kids care so much and then how did they both care about it together that much yeah cuz like if my mom cared about it, so much I feel like I would be the opposite. I would be I. Don't want to do this I think you know like as a teenager. You have to live here to appreciate how crazy people are about college and I. Think that's. Why we're in such a debt crisis with college, because people have fetish sized college so much, and it is this collusion between parents and kids like it's a it's like a heritage like my dad how he is about UCLA I mean psycho. He's him he's ridiculous. My dad went to UCLA. He still wears like a UCLA graduation ring the guys like almost 70 years old. It's like get over it dude. It is like. Oh, my goodness, gracious. It's like a huge blue ring. It looks like a high school graduation ring. It's like the guy's license. Plate says hates USC, because USC is their sports rival. Okay, when I was a kid, my dad saw somebody with a USC license plate and he with the whole family in the car, sped in front of him and cut him off very dangerously on the freeway with his whole family in the car I'm not kidding like and I'm, not exaggerating either. My mom was like Gary. What are you doing slow down and my dad just shuts down he when he gets upset he shuts down and he shuts down. He forgets that his whole family's in the car, which apparently he does he cares about less then showing it to you, know shoving it to this USC fan mining is a business. He literally cuts him off super dangerous on the freeway, probably going 80 miles per hour, so there's definitely a cultural difference that I'm, because in Israel no one cares that much about which college you go like there's absolutely no one care people are insane about college sports, about college life. About fraternities I mean it's it's ridiculous. So did you apply to UCLA I, don't think I did even I. My grades were not good enough. I was like USC, and maybe you see Dave. Obviously that was disappointed. Mike didn't give a [ __ ] about what my dad thought. I didn't even entertain the thought, but my grades were not that's what that's how I would think normally, like you know, your dad is obsessed with UCLA you'd, be like [ __ ] UCLA I'm, going as far as I can from UCLA. Nobody has that relationship with their parents. My brother, for example, went to UCLA and they have that in common, my brother and my dad, but a lot of student at they're like I'm I'm gonna, it's a status for the parents who were like I'm gonna, get you getting into the best school reflects as good on me as it does on you of course. Well, maybe my student goes to Harvard. Maybe if you actually raised a smart kid that could get into yeah UCLA I'm sure that would be well, it's a lot more difficult, but that's great or difficult to when they're kids that don't deserve to go there that are getting in because their parents bribed somebody right. No, and these are really prestigious difficult. Schools to get into, and so it takes a lot of work and a lot of dedication a lot of hard to get into these schools, which are very competitive because of all these reasons I mentioned before, and so I think that it does make sense, and these rich, these [ __ ] rich [, __, ] suckers, like there's this one famous woman from Full House, Lori Lolan. How do you say her name? I, don't know Laughlin Laughlin, that's a weird one. That's like Irish right heard thought so. This Lori Loughlin, we poked the picture she's in full house, and she paid five hundred thousand dollars to bribe a coach to pretend her daughter was Natha. You guys might recognize her now. Here's the crazy part, her daughter is a is a fairly large beauty, guru on YouTube, a YouTube channel and she paid five hundred thousand dollars for her stupid, talentless daughter to get into like USC or something or some prestigious school and I, and that was for two daughters to five hundred Oh is a bargain, so you got like a one place. Bargain deal buy one get one free, there's no way that they didn't know what both what was going on. In my opinion, she says she didn't know, give me a [, __ ] break, that's my opinion, but like that this, this rich super rich family colluding together to fraud, to cheat their way basically to buy prestige and to act like you're, a good like you like that is like, so it's so messed up like how? What does that say about your outlook on the world when a mother and daughter can collude happily to lie to get her into a prestigious schools? They say I, don't blame the daughter at all. It's all on the parent. If you ask me well, she raised the daughter, even at this age, it's you are still the parent kind of values. Are you teaching her right there - yeah? Now that's what I call good parenting. You know and she's a beauty guru she's, like 1.6 million. She had like eight, almost two million with Sephora. If you guys don't know what Sephora is it's like this ridiculous money-making makeup company I mean that must have been worth like I would guess Millions she was gonna, make a product with Sephora. They dropped her like off. Like a bag of dirt, and- and you know, she's I saw her yeah. This is what self-made it reminded me of that Kylie Jenner self-made billionaire. Yes, she saw she's self-made, just like Kylie Jenner, hey guys, here's my $50,000 collection of makeup products, yeah self-made, if she's self-made, then I'm the Pope so find them. This is like she's from full house like you're, going to jail too by the way. Yeah sorry go ahead. Yeah I, just sent the character from Full House is going to jail. She got. She went to the cops were like hey prison time, dumb, dumb fraud and she posted bail, a million bucks bill, but she's harasses in hot water and her daughter's kind of [ __ ] her. She erased all the comments or disable all the comments and [ __ ] on her YouTube channel I didn't know you guys. I just thought that I could get into a prestigious culture with the 2.0 and a 1000 SAT, but imagine for her she's growing up in this environment, and probably her mom's friends are also doing it. Guys I thought I could get into Harvard with it with AC average I had no idea the SAT I didn't even take the SAT. They just sent me a card that said I got a 1420 had no idea that my mom was cheating. I was home-schooled, you guys what's high school all right. Let's take a break. We've got a lot more to talk about. Eli appreciate that you're trying to sympathize with her I just haven't, because I have a problem. Whenever there's an adult in the situation, you gotta blame the adult, no matter how old is the girl? It doesn't matter like she's, still not as old as her dunno, better here's the thing she's a girl who's who Oliver a lot of her friends and stuff, are working their ass off to get into a prestigious school. She sees that you see when you're in high school and you're applying to colleges. You see a lot of people around you getting their heart broken and crying because they didn't finish school in her life. Oh this devil hills whatever it is in her life, the money. The money only gets you in if you're a scammer fear, fraud, err, I'm sure that she had a thousand peers in her class five hundred peers. Whatever that's what I had a lot of them? Don't get into the College of the choice because they got rejected you're crying you're upset, but she knew that they just paid half a million bucks to get into what I don't care I'm not trying to blame her I, don't care! It's a funny story. What do I care I guys I got. Why are you all upset? I got I got DS the whole throughout high school and I'm going to Harvard? It's not that hard. She probably thought they just checked out on our YouTube channel and liked her and I wrote a really good cover letter. I! Think! That's why they let me in even though I have -, they just watched, my Urban Outfitters hole and they loved my pics of the month. Yeah they liked my bikini shots. I am they must have watched my YouTube channel when I did of a cute. Why I I've got a lot of subscribers and I've got a lot of makeup and I'm going to Harvard all right. Let's take a break we'll be back. We got so much more to talk about guys. It's only funnier and more engaging from here. Ela stress is a worldwide epidemic. Why is this happening? Life is too complicated. There's way too much stuff for us to figure out, try getting a date for Christ's sake. Not you, because we're married, don't get it too we're fine, but with stress and anxiety, many people can often feel exhausted during the date. But then, when it's time to go to sleep, guess what you cannot fall asleep, that's the biggest curse that you can face as a human being on this planet. Earth. If worry, is affecting your days and nights, it's probably gonna be affecting your overall health -, your shaving days off your life. That's why I'm proud to be partnering with calm the number one app to help reduce your anxiety and stress and to help you sleep better. More than 40 million people around the world have downloaded it. If you had to calm down calm h-3 you'll get 25% off a comp premiums subscription, which includes guided meditation on issues like anxiety, stress and focus, including brand new meditation everyday. There are also sleep stores which are bedtime stories for adults designed to help you relax. They even have soothing music and, more guys everybody is so stressed in this planet. Everything is way too complex. It's ridiculous! We need calm and we need to be calm right now. Hd listeners get 25% off a comprar Miam subscription at calm, calm, calm, calm, it's the same thing: calm, calm, calm, calm, /h straight, that's, C, ALM, calm, /h, 3, get unlimited access to all of calms content. Today at calm, calm, /h, 3, get calm and stop stressing Robin Hood is an investing app that lets you buy and sell stocks ETFs option, Kryptos all commission-free ela, that's right! It's way too sweet of a deal, while other brokers can charge up to 10 dollars for every trade. Robin Hood doesn't charge any Commission fees, so you can trade stocks and keep all of your profits plus there's no account minimum deposit needed to get started, so you can start, invest staying at any level. Now here's what I love about Robin Hood. They have tutorials, it's very beginner friendly, but it's great for everybody. They teach you how to trade while you're doing it. They are these wonderful, terrific tutorials that make it very easy to learn. There's no Commission! If you ever been interested in the stock market or trading of any kind get on to Robin Hood, because this is the place to learn as the place to do it. Simple, intuitive design makes it easy for newcomers and experts alike, view easy-to-understand charts and market data and place a trade in just four taps of your smartphone. You can also view stock collections such as 100, most popular with Robin Hood. You can learn how to invest in the market. As you build your portfolio discover new stocks, track your favorite companies and get custom notifications for price moving. So you never miss. The right moment to invest here is where it gets. Juicy Robin has given listeners of our podcast a free stock like Apple, Ford or sprint to help you build your portfolio. What the eff, a free stock sign me up. Sign you up at h3, podcast Robin, Hood, dot-com, head on over to h3 podcast Robin Hood comm, and get a free stock to get. You started, learning and trading right hacking today, I wish so bad. The candid existed when I had a kid, because I had braces as a worst fricking thing ever and my teeth. Weren't bad I just had a couple little nubs that needed to be pushed back, and what can did? Does it's cheaper? It's faster and it's invisible, so you can take it out when you eat food. Can you imagine the convenience? This is a revolution. If you have a smile or your teeth, users there's an imperfection. Others always urge you. Now is the time to transform your life. Candid makes a clear aligner that are sent directly to your home and customized specifically to straighten your teeth. The aligners fix crooked teeth, crowding /, 2, protrusions and gaps. The first step is to purchase their model and kit which will be sent to your home. So you can take first impressions of your tea. Then their network of orthodontists review your specific case and provide you with a 3d preview of what your treatment will look like. You can also talk to a real person at any time. They have a beautiful gracious customer support their treatment time. It takes about six months and it's gonna save you thousands of dollars compared to the traditional route and my god I was watching. Billy Eilish. Is that her not once and she's about to eat a wing? And she just took out not even I, she was wearing I know it wasn't. Oh my god, I'm so jealous you guys you're one step away from getting straighter whiter teeth by the way they whiten your frickin teeth. That I mentioned that take advantage of candidates, risk free, modeling kit, guaranteed plus. When you use my dedicated link, candid koat.com, slash age, 3, you'll, save 50% on your model and kit, that's candid: co.com, slash age 3 to get 50% off the price of your modeling kit, go to candid koat.com, slash age, 3 and get that beautiful, confident, radiant smile. That is gonna change. Everything you ever knew about what it means to be a life on this planet earth. What more is there to say about the quip electric toothbrush that hasn't already been said? I'm gonna restate a couple of things. If you don't know it's an electric toothbrush at a twenty five dollar price point, it is giving you the best clean in your mouth that you've ever experienced. It's got the best softest bristles. It tells you how long to brush it vibrates when it tells you to pull pull say it's going to tell you to switch sides is gonna, give you the best clean and your mouth that you're ever gonna get for 25 bucks. Now oral hygiene is one of the most important things on this planet. Earth I'm talking relationships, I'm talking professionally you debt is the last thing you want to put out to the world that you have stinky breath, yellow teeth that you don't take care of your mouth because guess what? If you don't take care of your mouth people know you don't take care of the rest of your life. It's at that important and I'm telling you this is the only toothbrush that I'm gonna use. Okay, it's not bulky! It's slick, it's a tiny, vibrating tube that you stick in your mouth. What more do you need to know than that? Okay, here's the deal guys and I'm telling you it's at 25 bucks, just give it a shot. You're gonna see what I'm talking about it's freaking amazing and also has a little tongue scraper on the back to clean that disgusting tongue. You gotta brush your tongue, people and you by the way you also have to brush the top of your mouth too. You got all that plaque. Yes, you look because that's all plaque from your tongue gets stuck to the roof. You got to clean it all. You got to clean the gums and you got to do it with the clip electric toothbrush now you'll find out more brushing tips with Ethan next week, but until then they're backed by 20,000 dental professionals. It starts with 25 bucks, go to get quick, calm, /h 3 right now you get your first refill pack free with an equip electric toothbrush. That's a top and a pack of a toothpaste, I believe you're gonna get for free. That's your first refill pack, free at GE, t qi, p, comm, /h, 3! Welcome back everybody! Now we were on the topic of Lauri Lachlan talkin Laughlin Lori Loughlin from Full House talking with her daughter, the very one that she bribed Oh Olivia Jade, the youtuber, the very one she bribed to get this clip is from March of this year. Oh, this is from August 2017 originally. So this is her just a couple yeah. This is way too good. Let me just let me just clarify once again cuz. This is way too good. This lady paid half a million dollars to cheat for her daughter to get into a school. She didn't qualify for I. Think it was daughters, I think it was -. Well then, okay, sure this is the one that were in question and I looked it up. It was USC actually so USC and- and she is a beauty guru- and here they are talking about how they just watch. This is okay, okay, okay! So this is the other daughter, I think no! No! This is Olivia. It says it says all her daughters, Bella and Olivia Jade. Oh [, __ ] the names right there, so this is the other one but Olivia Jade's the youtuber yeah. So but editing right, listen to her talking about her daughter's I, never pushed my kids to I always say do the best. You can it's not I'll. Just buy you into college. You believe this [ __ ], look at her sitting up there like she's a model mom you're, [, __, ] suck. You know, I, don't ever do I, never push my kids to I always say do the best. You can it's too bad I'm, not gonna. Interrupt you guys, didn't listen! My I was never that kid. Ninh there fought my husband team their dad. Never we were never like at school. You got to get straight A's, you know we were. Never those parents give it your all do the best you can cuz in life. If you give it your all and you do the best you can there's that's it, but that's all you can do and that's enough in my opinion, especially with kids I, think we put so much pressure and stress on them. A lot of it is unnecessary and I think um, it's important to just have downtime free time, I. Never over scheduled. My kids and never I always gave them plenty of time to just sit in their playroom and you know, use their imaginations, yeah wow, what a psycho yeah, what a psycho so I love how the daughter never says anything, and it's all about yeah. That gives you a peak in the do you believe the irony is so rich. It's so rich! You could slice it with a knife. We don't want. We don't push them too far, because they all you could do is try and then we'll pay, half a million dollars to get you to USC and Photoshop. Your face on an athlete, it's so crazy who's. Her is her husband, someone famous I, think her husband is also someone famous he's like yeah Matt Massimo he's like it's like a fashion yeah as I like the target ship target. Let me see what he looks like: oh yeah, yeah yeah mess. How do you suppose what saying that's, emo, I, don't y'all see how stupid I really am um, actually exact wrong, he's an executive at Lionsgate? Actually, so you know what's his name? Look it up! Michael R burns! Y'all! You need to get your facts straight if you're confused- oh, maybe that was hope to my first husband she's been married, multiple times, Oh Massimo, damn I'm. Sorry exactly the point, but I, don't I I couldn't find the uh. How do you spell name I, didn't see anything about Matt, Matt, Oh, Matt, see mo ma ma, see mo mo SSI mo and a it's all of the it's like targets brand mo. Why am I not seeing anything mo SSI mo can y'all just send me a link of the picture of him. I want to see what it looks like sure. Yep Massimo Giuliani, so here's the [Music]. Let's get a look at this guy Oh. Oh yeah, look at this! What a handsome couple he's old as [, __ ]? Actually, what the hell weird I can't be the same. That's not! Okay! It's here he's like damn I'd [ __ ] this guy. But then here he's like grandpa. What's up Gramps interesting, are you know, he's old as hell the youth feel that he forgot. He forgot the dreidel hair. Look! What does that cheap-ass hair dye called hairs for men hairs for men? That's the one! We did a video, the black where I died, all my hair. Just for me just for men, no women allowed yeah. She met yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, the end of the baby foreskin treatment this month wait what is going on with their age. Are they the same age, because she does not period of aged much and he has aged like 50 years right? How can you get me a age difference on these guys? She is 54 years old and he is 75, no he's younger than her Wow she's. You know what she's doing she's getting baby foreskin injection I think so I think so holy smokes. She looks good, you know it's. Usually the people complained, the opposite right that the man ages, gracefully and the woman does not. But in this case I will say she that foreskin has gone to good use. Dude I want to be surprised if she was literally drinking baby's blood or some weird, crazy, [ __, ], crazy, yeah, the here's, the tweet from Sephora hi there. After careful review of recent developments, we have made a decision to end the Sephora collection partnership with Olivia George yeah, effective immediately bro that that hurt. That is, like millions do we went to Sephora once I was trying to find beauty products, you can't even walk out of there without spending $500, it's ridiculous. It's like the whole mall can be empty, but Sephora is like a party. It is there's a techno plane. It always smells like ass, not actual ass, but you walk out of there like you know when you go to a bar and everybody's smoking and then all your clothes stink forever. So it's kind of like that, it's like this is horrible, perfume, yeah and you clothes are just [ __, ], yeah, yeah and I love. This story, I love everything about it: Family Values, full house, yeah. Now, I guess some of those colleges are getting sued because the current students are like you, you devalued our to be honest, yeah yeah! That's an interesting point. You know, although I don't think that college it's it was the okay. So it was a parent Lee perpetrated by bad actors yeah. But how do you defraud a school that easily I just Photoshop the kid's face on you know what I'm saying like dude one coach make: twenty five million bucks? That's crazy, yeah by the way, here's her daughter. Apparently this is her most popular video. This is how she I guess got big. Is that she's friends with David direct I have no idea how now Dobrynin that's how this is her most popular video, so I'm sure it was a huge boost for her. But here she is with her mom John Stamos, looking like he just John stainless. Looking like his planes about to go down or something look at the face and and david dobrik, I really don't know how they match up here- cut that part by the way, here's my tip as a youtuber cut that part the part where you're setting up the camera and talking about it being overexposed, not charming cut it. This should be a 40 I. Think man, these guys they're, like everything's content like us, setting up the frame is continent all right, shut, all right anyway, fascinating stuff, I guess. We've talked about this enough Michael Jackson we've talked extensively about Michael Jackson in previous episodes, and I am NOT trying to judge up that conversation again. I only want to point out one thing quickly that I noticed me and Eva were at home watching there was this absolutely infamous documentary and from 2003 called living with Michael Jackson, and me and ela decided to go back and watch that documentary. It was fascinating, a really terrific peek inside of Michael Jackson's life. Now, here it's been a while since I mean yeah, that was that was you've been late and you let up on the fascinating recently so yeah into his head. I. Definitely I pass, there's no question. It's coming in hot! That I found it really fascinating. It's coming in very hot! That's the way we like it so we're watching. Oh this, isn't it oh yeah yeah we did this all remix there. You guys enjoy this [Music] [Applause], that out to who's the perfect our lease tables, if you're out there today. Thank you for sending that man. That was the credit, keep it coming. Man, I love it so we're watching the documentary and I'm showing you the video only to show you that this is theirs. This is proof that this is because I showed this to some of my friends and they didn't believe that it was real. So here's this I took on my own phone Michael Jackson sitting in front of this painting. Okay, here he is so now you down to that. You trust me, and you know that it's real. Let me show you the picture itself. This is a painting he commissioned, that's in his living room and it's him naked pretty much and a bunch of little boys naked little boys. What is going on with this? You guys, you guys see that we are seeing that yeah. So it's Michael Jackson with a bunch of angels little boys around I, guess. Why is that so impossible to frame up here? Let me send you on this cord Izu min and it gets smaller. Explain that click on done did I say we are killing it. Oh okay! So here you go! So that's the real one. So what he's done is taken out? Venus, I, guess, I, don't know anything about mythology, but he's like you know all these little boys there it's a it's a birth, giving it's a motherly thing right, so he's like: let's take the mom out and and it's about a maternal thing, but now, let's put in me, jacked, barely covering my dick with little naked boys so again, you're kind of missing the point of the original Michael and it's a little strange. We all agree, it's a little strange that he has this in his living room. Even those who think he's innocent look at this and tell me boy- that's that's! That's a little strange, let's here, let's very normal [Music] naked. Actually this is a little girl. I guess! Isn't that the main subject in that? Well, are you talking about the the chair? Why is why am I looking at a statue of de oak because they copied him yeah? Okay, but that's enough. So as I said, it was a short little brief one. So guys thank you for watching our segment today on Michael, Jackson I hope you enjoyed it. That ends the conversation. Your effects are too loud, but yes, yes, it's love our fans truly such fun. We're having such a fun time that today a tree podcast. So there you have it oh and then also to revisit another terrific subject that we had spoke about last week. So, as you know, I'm a huge huge fan of our Kelley's. Did you girl? Did you have your passport? Did you get your shots? Did you get your passport? Did you get your shots? Girl would you like to come back with Rob to America I said: did you get your passport Bo, it's a wish. Oh, they do get your shine around the full version, yeah, that's what I'm bleeding up to okay yeah! This is my favorite video on that whole goddamn internet, and so what I found was the full version leading up to our Kelley going. Did you get your passport? Did you get your shots girl, and so here you can kind of see a little more context as I enjoyed it I mean I can't get enough of this video, it's fantastic, but it's during New Year's. So what you see on one side is fireworks going on a jubilant party perfect, which is kind of the perfect setting for our Kylie to be like girl. Would you like to come back to America, so you, a year in your beginning, knew exactly new country exactly you're cold, exactly mmm, well, I love that they rehearse this there's like a bit and the backup singers are all queued up on it. Let's set it down for a second s, it's like a preacher. I want to talk to you about Jesus, oh I mean I, mean I need a girlfriend. The day before I got on the plane to come out here. There's fireworks, there's a split screen for those who are listening, those fireworks going on on the left and our Callie preaching on the right. He has like 20 girlfriends, so I, don't know what he's going on about and he doesn't allow breakups. It means one of them ran away. Oh yeah, that exactly and it was over something really really silly something we should want like she wanted to use the bathroom and I said girl. You gotta, wait for the hour. I said girl, I'm gonna pee on you. She didn't want me to I was like dang customer. Is that come on like 15 County girl, that's old enough! For me, she get that broke up with a man and they looking for somebody else right now. Yeah [Music], I'm, so upbeat, but you gotta be single. We gotta have nobody in your life that cares about you'll notice that you're gone. How single are you girl? Do you have a mom? What's your relationship like [Music], seeing the ladies without a job or anybody that can vouch for your whereabouts, just to know you talk to you have a drink of something that we can just have something that you just put a chain on your leg. Have a snack cheat at the end of the conversation at the end of the conversation, I'm gonna want you to come back to America with me, Oh [Applause], hmm, so you got vanishing anybody to split the difference [Music], but it's so hard to get back and forth so hard to get back before my auras over yeah. This is so epic. You got me think, have to appreciate what you're seeing right now. Let me think this is I like visions, legendre yeah, the thing he tooks a lot quite a bit of time, he's thinking hard on it here, pumps y'all, buckle up seat belts on you got it. Do you have your passport? Do you shots girl? Would you like to come back with Bob to America? Anybody missed you if you came to America [Music], so much passion? Do you mind if I this on you in America [Music] man? This is the best video on the internet and nobody can take my mind. [ __ ]. It's like such a thrill to watch. It's like like one of those super amazing songs from like a Disney movie, mmm like a really beautiful song. It's a whole new world, yeah, oh yeah as well, then yeah. That's what I'm thinking about a whole new world put those chains on my legs. Don't you dare close your eyes? Cuz I'm, gonna pee in your eyeballs. Did you have your passports? Do you have your shots? Wait? How do I get them? It's a hard being are Kelly here. Art do I start on that note! I'm gonna bust! You, you missed your cue I, miss - down for anything yeah, yeah I! Think it's coming up! I'm gonna! There we go one more metric, wonder we go there. We go. Everybody buckle in seats on tight ready. Here we go -. Do you have your passport? Did you get your shots girl? Would you like to come back with Rob - AMERICA AMERICA [Music] girl? Do you like this play? Do you like scat play I, hope you got your shots because you can get in a faction in America gonna, lock you in my dungeon the black room, the black room now baby. Let me think hard I tried to think baby. How do I get you from America for them from Ethiopia to America and there's only one way. [Music] you've got to give me your passport, so I can shred it up when we arrive, I've got a sex called baby and I'd like you to join [Music]. Yes, now you're gonna be having sex with a lot of ladies a lot of men. So we gotta check you for STDs and we got to make sure you get your shots girl vote. Let's get near the end yeah he does she loop. That was good. No, that was good good planning either you want to do an impression. No I was gonna. Ask you to do the face that he does America. The face is like did I just say. If I said it, I [Music] hold it for a minute. Oh, you look so good. Now, honey I'm gonna need you to get on the first flight over. But have you checked yourself for polio? We don't want none of that Ebola back home, neither girls so get that checked out. Yes, girl. Do you have HIV? Yes, cuz! That's a no I'm! Sorry baby! You look good, though girl do you have syphilis in your brain I'm? Sorry, girl! That's a no for syphilis chlamydia! That's curable! Let's think about it. Vidia is curable, but I don't want it to get too far. Now girl do you have gonorrhea, that's curable. Gonorrhea is curable girl. You just take a little antibiotics girl. Do you have genital herpes that one's a little tougher to navigate up baby I'm gonna have to pound some a gentle herpes girl? Do you have HPV well I, don't know I'm gonna pass on the HPV. Generally speaking, girl. Do you have hepatitis A through Z yeah, I'm gonna pass on the hepatitis baby, but you look good good. Have a great life neat pio pio? What kind of diseases can you catch from eating? Feces? Well, you're gonna want to get a shot against that girl. What diseases can you catch from drinking pee? You're gonna want to get shots for that baby yeah, not that I'm, not that I'm saying I'm gonna pee on you, but there's a shot. You know what I'm saying a shot so get that shot all right. What I mean is I'm in love with you, so epic fireworks are going off. Girls are screaming, their hands are in the air. They want to come back to America America, home of the Friel. In my basement and rape, my pee yeah, oh I, find it interesting that everybody is like. Oh yeah, our Kelly definitely is guilty, but MJ. Oh there's, no evidence the burden, there's the same amount of our Kelly's, not as likable but am I wrong, and you guys can correct me if I'm wrong, because I don't want to speak out of turn here, but that people say oh, it's just their word against Michaels. There's no actual evidence. Well, I guess wait our Kelly! There are videos of him when he tape yeah. Although he did get, he got a cord on that one yeah you got it I'm wearing it somehow, but the girl in the tape said it wasn't. Her is why oh I see under his spell so, but but doesn't that correlate it's like? Why would you lie about that? Everyone? Okay, you know what let's not get into this yeah. My whole YouTube page is just my accent, video, it's fascinating, I, walk it! Last week we did so much research yeah! No, we didn't do any research I'm in the comments. We just watched a documentary I'm still in the research, because it's just my whole feed and I'm down I'm, watching it I'm watching all these Michael Jackson stuff, I find it and I find it an endlessly fascinating good. Did you get your shots? That's it's that not romantic! Sorry! If that's not romantic I, don't know what is. Do you have your passport? Did you get your shots? Okay, yeah everyone's like no, no I was just thinking to herself. We don't have headphones on mm-hmm and we have no idea what it sounds like. Oh I, sound ball like music. Well, you have the chat open. What are they saying there they're just obsessed with shredder right now to be on there's no demanding shredder cam, it's coming. It's in the world, shredder doesn't come with us office anymore, he's just he started to get more restless. When we bring out he's restless he's a young lad, he's got a lot of energy still got his balls, so he just he's got like a lot of testosterone. He's got a lot of energy. I mean he he's the sweetest soul that ever graced this planet I love him. He is the light of my life. He's my heart, my soul, like everything, yep I, consider him my son, my firstborn son. To be frank, he didn't get his shots. He did get his shots, your passport, no! No, but he did yeah I mean what's time. We should bring him, though yeah yeah that'd be fun no, but we have people like with him. My mom goes and takes in park. We have a. We have a someone's there where now yeah I'm telling you it's ridiculous guys. Did you know that Shaq is in every freaking commercial? This is not a conspiracy I've been watching television with ELA I've been watching a lot of stupid, crap like shark tank and well shark tank come on, but let me say that we don't watch a lot of television no and keep that in mind you're dead. To me every time we see commercials, we see Shaq like every single time. I was thinking of making a tweet I was like. Is it just me or Shaq in every other commercial on television, and so I says? Okay, we'll have definitely seen him in a Gold. Bond commercial definitely see him in a Carnival cruise commercial I've definitely seen him in an icy hot commercial. I says to the guys in back. Can you guys go find every recent and I'm just talking about like recent? This is stuff. That's on television right now, I'm, not talking about historical, but these Danone. So we put together this mega compilation of all the commercials. Shaq is in recent memory. This guy is in every commercial on television. Why is it? Is he just cheap? Is he easy to get ahold of I? Don't think it's - yeah Shaq's rich as hell, but I guess he's like everybody knows Shaq and he's available he's like I'll. Do a commercial for [, __, ], anything I think it's just that people love him so much that they'll actually buy whatever is telling them to. But it's got to be given a good deal. Let's watch this compilation yeah! Oh it's meted yeah! Here we go so I'm sure I wake up cool, but this keeps the Gold Bond speak rain, JC penney Bennett I mean he has multiple like ads with each of these companies different ads. The I just pulled one I know he's in several Carnival Cruise General and everyone knows Shaq as a Basketball Hall of Famer. But I bet you didn't know where karate masters, Buick I know you don't drive. A Buick. Shaq does not drive a Buick and he does and he's definitely not insured by the general I'll. Tell you that I never understood general insurance. It's like the shittiest CGI general telling me to get his car insurance. Why do all insurance companies have like a weird CGI? It's a really good observation. You're right! I think Israel that I was like a parent. What the eff is going on there. It's not coming a conspiracy document about that, but general by far has the absolute worst one. The general looks just I've been dumbfounded by that for a long time. Shaktar. If Shaq drives a Buick, then if Shaq drives a Buick, then our Kelly's innocent Wow. If Shaq drives a Buick, then the Pope shits in his hat and then eats it traffic to graphic just a lot of poke comparisons. I like because I like big okay. If the thing does the Pope [ __ ] in the woods, yes I, love that, because it's just so fine well I guess the original saying is if some so-and-so that I'm the pulp alright, but then I like does so you say: oh, are you going to move stay? Does the Pope [ __ ] in the woods it's like I, don't know, probably not, but in my case yes at fatik. Yes, does the Pope [ __ ] in his own mouth, tub girl style? Yes, boy I, don't know where I'm going with this, but Shaq doesn't own a good guarantee that I guarantee that I see hot dance is a lot like beer, commercial, like what the hell like for real a beer commercial I mean what what if we could get him in a Teddy fresh commercial, oh my god, hi I'm Jack, but what size fuzzy where we can't fit him we'd have to make it he's, got to be like six XL or something hi, I'm Shaq- and this is me- and this is my friend teddy bear if you have to be with some. His commercials are always like invariably corny hi, I'm Jack, and this is somehow charming. At the same time, I shall never like like the bad kind of cringe. It's not the Shaq rules. I love shack! It's not like Matthew McConaughey yeah, because Matthew McConaughey, it's not a self-awareness. It's like he's trying to be so [ __, ] cool mm-hmm, that's literally what he does and his uh Lincoln commercial. He goes and then there's one where he says: I've never seen. The girl goes I've, never seen that before and he goes uh. He combines I have into one grunt and it was oh look at this vodka. This is not a joke. Yeah this vodka there's those LCD LED screens. You can customize a message on it like who [ __ ] cares. The bottom of this is it's. The award-winning Medea vodka from Holland, with the world's only personal programmable LED display on the bottle, ring commercial friend of the show great product love ring. I. Don't know why shekar's blowing on his kid's ear, though, but I mean cheeky there being but he's in a ring commercial on this is I. Couldn't figure out what this one was he's sniffing soap with Kendrick Lamar, it's American Express we found out I was like men. There's always soap can afford to pay these guys, American Express. They got big money and then this one was vitamin water. We also couldn't tell I'm sure we just scratched the surface too, but like now that you know go watch television and you'll see the Shaq is an every other freaking commercial, when I was putting that together. I just had to stop at a certain point because it it could have been like an hour-long coffee. If we did like every commercial I mean I'm, sure, I'm, pretty sure he works for every brand I guess he doesn't have a exclusivity clause. It's almost like this is his career. No, yes! No! He does a lot. Chuck he's a he's. A yeah he's an entrepreneur right, yeah he's a DJ he's an entrepreneur he's a DJ he's funny: yeah, I, love, shack and I love that picture of him with his girlfriend. I know we showed it before, but it's fans phenomenal I'm gonna, pull it up again. I, don't give a [ __ ]. If you guys already saw it I like Cameron, Kendrick, hey, that's true, Shaq and and girlfriend y'all I know: I've talked to others before, but I [, __, ] love it so don't complain it's just as good. It's just as good as the our Kelly song. So I'll expect to hear that hear what that looks like in the bedroom. Hmm, oh! She must be a dude I mean my god. His dick is probably the size of her whole thigh. There's no way, not to think that you can't call me. Oh you're, a perv like how else think about anything else. What is the size of her thigh, oh man, she a shack, must have a challenging existence because he's so tall he's so huge I think that tall is cool to a point you know, but the guys, like the guys like how tall is Shaq, you guys look it up. I think he's 7 1! That's that's ridiculous. I mean that's sick. The world is not made for people that tall nope and neither are women, dance. Imagine god! How do they even dam like a a 7, 1 324 pounds? It's a big dude! How much you weigh 324 goddamn. What is that light? That must be like? What do you think about that ela? Do you have the same thought? I do at least definitely crossed my mind. It crossed your mind. Yeah not gonna rely on that. That's good I! Don't want you to I. Want you to be. Why do you think his pants are so long he's got like weirdly long pants? You know why cuz those are cuz. Those are those are just long pants for normal dudes. That's all I can find Jesus Christ dude yeah there you have it. Oh man I closed my document. What a dweeb um how's everybody doing back there in talked to me and talked to me: I, don't like when you get so quiet and I want to hear more from you. We got a cameras for everybody to write. Look at this. They got a camera huh I'm good there. He is comes that beautiful baby boy house. That's it! We can switch back to no, no, no keep it on Ian, don't switch back, don't switch back! I! See me! I, don't want any ammonia in can weasel. We got Zack captive. Now it's stopped I will get to Zack. Why are you so embarrassed? Why are you so shot? You wanted to be a stand-up comedian at one point in your life. So why you? So? Why do you? Why you so camera verse? Well, that career clearly failed yeah, but you never really I feel. Like you tell me about uh I mean how many times did you do stand-up, maybe like seven or eight, not that many, that's pretty good. If up quick, the last time I did, it was really embarrassing. Tell me about it. I want to know now. Yeah well, I had this gag planned and it just kind of fell apart, and that was the last time talk come on. Don't stop - stop with the shortness. We are all interested. We all want to know what happened I'm like trying to switch and talk. Oh maybe I, see just leave it on you, I'll make it easier. Okay, well, I had this idea plan where you know, people will like when they're giving a speech or something, and they forget the words so they'll write on their hand like a little note to reveal a thing so I did that and I was gonna. Go up and kind of act like I was forgetting my joke mm-hmm and then check my hand and then keep forgetting my joke and I wrote all over my entire body. Like wow yeah, so it was live it to the bit right. There wait wait hold on what it's all over the body mean. Did you become the joke cause you actually forgot? Oh wait hold on you huh, so he was all over your arms all over your face like what are we talking about. It was all over both of my arms and my entire torso, this long joke and so I was gonna start like checking my hand and then slowly pull up and okay and then I was gonna. Keep going reading this entire joke off my body and then it was gonna end with I start to unbutton my pants and then go. Oh, it's not that funny and then leave well. So that was a joke. It's a long, dumb gag. So how long were you on stage? Well, here's the thing: I wrote this I went and bought markers and I wrote like a thing all over my body, I have a photo of it somewhere and then I went to this comedy open mic and it was in this tiny little room and it was so hot in there like I stepped in I was talking to that guy next. To me, I'm, like is it hot in here? Is it just mean it's like really warm he's like it's, not that bad, but I started sweating and so I went I was getting close to going up and then I I was like two away and then I went to the bathroom just to check, and my entire body was just blue ink, so that is actually like. You said the joke became super meta yeah. So then I got paper towels and like the trashcan was just filled with, like blue ink and alien got shot in there and then I I had to leave I had no gel. You didn't even go on stage, no because it melted. Then, oh my there were no legible words. Someone did you just bounce before they even called you on yeah I ran out, and that was the last time yeah. That's when I retired, that's not a bad attempt. I thought you were gonna, be publicly humiliated, but you oh no it would it I got out of there before that could happen, and did you ever have a good experience on stage yeah I had a couple. All right got a couple laughs. Do you remember what are some jokes? You wrote that you thought why not going down this ant? God everybody I'm guarantee everybody wants to hear one of your joke. You should try um PowerPoint stand-up comedy that's not about oh yeah. You already have a few fans. You could take pictures of your body with the joke written on you on a PowerPoint slide be like here. Let me I wrote the joke on myself: I'm, not a I'm, not the stand-up comedian, all right, Ian, you're! Being too coy about all this I. Just give me a job. I want to hear one of your jokes. You know that! No! No! No! You owe me that I don't think I do [Laughter]. Does he owe me that? No, oh, really that's hard to tell a joke like that on the spot. Well, I'm, okay, an elephant and a monkey. This is his big shot. He's got the stage and he's there you know I'm saying like this is your big shot. This could be the beginning of a beautiful thing for you again, I'm retired I'm out of this game. I got a piece so bad all right! Zach. How are you know me? That's a soundboard I didn't say that all right, no, that was you Zach Howell. How how's that I'm doing very well all right. How are you I'm, fine man, I'm here in the I'm here in the show you're my garage dan is doing great. As always, we got cams on every one back there look at us we're so official. Aren't we Wow we've got a pretty complicated rig back there, hey Dan, it's uh. We keep leveling up yeah. We got how many cameras. We got one two three four and now we have four and back there right, yeah. Actually, five in there right or we, we can do five in there yeah you're right here we have a nine camera rig going right now, livestream uh, yeah I mean we're not using every camera right now, but potentially potentially. Yes, that's a pretty high level style, you're cool. What [ __ ], killing it dude I, don't think anyone in the game has nine cameras. I mean I'm, not gonna, say that we make that doesn't mean anything about the quality of our content, we're probably number one that should be our thing, but most most cameras in the game, [Laughter] and think about I'm, not gonna press, you anymore, but I, love to just kind of mm-hmm humiliate me know: who's I'm, not I'm, just giving you your big break, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah, yeah sure all right. What else we got here today? Thank you guys for checking in I would just like to check in on the team back there good people, great people, love them all. Really. Terrific zach is about to go off to college Zach. Did your parents bribe bribe anybody, no well you're, not getting in, but there's kind of ways around it like you can write a check for a donation to the school and it doesn't necessarily mean your kid will get in, but it's just like a wink-wink donate. Did they do that? No! No! No people do, though yeah I know some people that have done that. I thought you were gonna, be like there's other ways to get around it like studying, but I got shitty SAT scores, but what's your SAT score? Do you mind? I know if it's very private cuz people? No, no! This was like two years I'll tell you what I got on my SAT what'd you get well, let's start with Zach wait. Sat it's different in Israel! Sat is like you take it. It's a score to assess like kind of how good you you're. Well educated. You are simply yeah, so we do have something done in Israel, but why did you need to do it for college or just use it as a super sport, yeah, I, guess, cuz, I, study, art I, don't need to hey! You have to go there where every college- hmm yeah, there's another one too. What's the other one that the AC do? Is it's a CT? Does everyone comfortable sharing their scores? I didn't take the SAT [ __ ] that it's awful by the way it's so brutal, [ __, ] I took the like practice, one when I still had delusions that I would get into college and I did pretty well on that. One actually I, don't remember the score, but it was decent but uh, but yeah I mean my grades and high school were awful, so I knew. The thing is like the kids who get insanely good grades have like SAT prep courses and they study their ass off yeah. It's you know my score. I got like eight okay, I um SAT I got like a 1280. You didn't prepare, though, no not that before the change like when the MEC, because it used to be the max was 1600. That's what it was 1800 it's like much. The max is much higher. Now oh I didn't know that it was 1600 was a perfect score right. So 1280 was okay. If you didn't do it prep I, like to tell myself, you know that if I prepped I would have got a that I'm much smarter than then that reflects is basically the story and Zach anyone else want to compare. You did a way better than I did for real. What you get well I took it the first time and I got a 10:30, hmm and then I did like this tutoring study program and I want my money. This is why but I I I'd be very well in school right now. That's why I went to a community college and hopefully transferring you're a great student I, think I I think IQ tests and an essay. It's all [ __ ] IQ test. It's such [ __ ]. It is beyond [ __ ] I'll never take IQ test because there's only English and math right, yeah I don't actually test any other like science or history or anything. No, it's all yeah, it's like logic right! Well, okay, the SAT is that's right, it's written! So you two like blood like reading comprehension tests and then you have to write an essay too, and then they also test you on math. But it's all it's like algebra up to calculus, so it gets really challenging. If you don't know the math yeah so yeah, it's reading, writing and math so and then and then the other one, the what's the name of the other one easy do the a CT test you with like history and [ __ ], Lions science, history. Actually it did better on that one I'm, the opposite, I'm, really bad with history, but I'm good with math and that kinda stuff, your numbers, genius dude. You remember everything, don't remember anything. Now, though yeah what happened when I met, unless you remembered everything and I still like think that you remember everything. I'm, like you know, what's the number no I do remember stuff, but I mean I, don't remember anything from my college, a bra anymore from school algebra! Well, I was just like not you I mean like the the complicated Pythagorean theorem yeah. Oh, my god college is so annoying dude. It's the prep work is the most annoying part, I'm, so glad that I'm not I, still have nightmares, that I wake up and I'm in college and, like I, have like to write an essay. It was the worst it's the worst I hate school and I did five years at Santa Cruz. Why did I do that? I can't say that I have this kind of nightmares anymore. I still do, but don't you agree that school is like the worst. It's the best part about being in those that you don't have to go to [ __ ] school, one of the only good things about me. Although work sucks ass, even more I'd like a normal job, I kind of like college yeah but you're, could your college was so bohemian. All you did was like paint and do sculptures and [ __ ]. Exactly so I don't have your experience but I and we did have some like more theoretical classes, but they were interesting. My experience smart, but I was like second I was like, but you guys do it at a different age too and I think that makes a difference. You that's a very good place in Israel. You go to the army. First, you get all the partying out of your system like the teenager, craziness and I went to college when I was like 22, mm-hmm kind of already more mature. That's a really good point: I'm, not maturity levels from 18 to 22 or different, and then at that point also you you really go because you want to do this and not because you don't have to kind of mmm. Sorry, it's a different state of mind thing is I was like borderline suicidal in college because of my anxiety, so yeah that made it way worse but hey! That's it yeah yeah! How about that Shack huh! But damn do you guys apply what you learned in college to your career today: [ __ ]! No, the college was importantly literally zero, while college was, is a great place to mature, to learn to interact with people to manage your life and stuff like that. But it's also really not because actually just being cast into the real world and being forced to get a job and pay your own rent and pay your own utility bills is a way better learnt. Probably like you know, yeah cause she's, just coddling kids to do like delaying real-life opportunities. I did not have the own thing: I was forced into a video art class that I was never gonna take and that kind of led us into making videos and into YouTube. Well there you go the whole avenue that we would have never taken. I can confidently say that if you did not be forced to take that video our class almost certainly we would not be entertainers. I I never shot a video before that class. I, never go go to college kids. I, don't know that I can recommend college, though, because yeah it's like um such a trap, it really has become such a trap. I think if you are super, if you know exactly what you want to do, if you're like I definitely want to be a doctor, I definitely want to be a physicist. I definitely want to do whatever it is, and college is the next logical path. Then it makes a lot of sense and you should definitely go do it, but if you're like um I, don't really know what I want to do, but I know that I'm probably supposed to go to college and I'll figure it out there. That's when I think you should take a second thought and think about if there's other opportunities or other, because in a lot of cases, if you just go, get a [, __, ] job, doing anything, save up some money. Think about your life, mature, a little bit, because when you go to college, unless your parents pay for it, you're gonna come out with a lot of [, __, ] debt and a degree. That's not gonna help you most likely get a job, especially if you do arts like I, did, if you do a creative [, __ ] like I did I mean my god. I studied creative writing for Christ's sake for five years. If I just got a job and then saved up money and then did writing as a passion in my free time, I would have been yeah. I mean technically you'd be way better off. But it's a lot about networking and meeting people. It's so hard to know. I'm definitely conflicted on yeah. What I would recommend someone cuz you do. You do learn stuff about, even if you have to write an essay about something. You'll never have to know again just having to write an essay is something that develops you absolutely, but I can say pretty much everyone I studied with in my class and art. They are I, still see them like on Facebook. Looking for a job cuz, that's the reality! Goodbye! That's just nothing really came of it. It's really hard I mean we were super lucky that basically, from my my from my degree, I was able to get a job in Israel in America. Nobody gives a [ __ ], but in Israel actually was some credibility, but same with me, a lot of my friends who went to college. It's like you know, they're waiting tables and it's not their fault. They're smart, hard-working dedicated, mature people, but the problem is that a college degree does not get you. What, if used to, and a lot of our parents push us into going to college, because that's the next logical step, because when they were kids, you would go to college and you come out and you get a $50,000 per year, job right out of college. But sadly that's not the case anymore and student debt has now become the biggest pool of debt in the country and student that, unlike other debts, is not forgivable through bankruptcy. So you are. You are going to be haunted by this debt guys forever. Potentially I can't really understand that whole part, because what I'm used to is so different. It's it's really affordable in Israel, it's like $2,500 for a year, oh Jesus yeah. So if you just have a part-time job or something you can pay it by yourself, that's what I did the problem with a lot of schools like and so I went to UC Santa Cruz, so it cost $20,000 for or maybe it was like 15 for tuition alone per year. But then, let's say you're like I'm gonna get a job and I'm gonna pay for it myself. First of all, if you want to get straight A's, that's there's no [ __ ] way to hold a full-time job and to do all the work where to get straight. A's I was a shitty student, so I could hold down a part-time job, but here's the other problem. There were so many people looking for work in Santa Cruz, because there was this huge university there. I remember me and ela once went to a yogurt shop to get an application, and the girls like I can give you an application. But honestly, there's really no point, because I have a stack of about 50 people. That already gave me an application to work here. Making, like you know, minimum wage, make it six bucks an hour, so the the possibility of actually working off a meaningful debt while in school is laughably ridiculous. It's it's utterly ridiculous. The notion that you can work off your student debt while in school, it's just so mm-hmm, it's a fantasy. It's a pure fantasy! Imagine working at a yogurt shop, making six dollars an hour and trying to pay off so and then because you can't pay to afford yourself, you have to take a loan out for your cost of living. You have to take a loan out for your rent for your food, for everything, so you're gonna end up spending $30,000 plus per year, because you have to pay for your school, your food, your living expenses, because you there's no freaking way and then, whenever these colleges are because they're so big and inflates the real estate and inflates all the prices so a place like Santa Cruz before the UC there, you probably get a nice apartment for, like $500 a month mean ELA we're paying. This was 10. Plus years ago now we were paying like 1500 bucks to share a house and we shared a room 100, maybe 900, but for a room. Oh I thought we're paying over a thousand mm-hmm. That's after somebody came and slept on our couch to reduce our rent. Isn't it I think we were paying like two? What we were paying over a thousand? We were sharing a room, and then we had some dudes sleeping on our couch to help offset the cost. You know, because there's so many people, so it's it's really a vicious cycle. It's just so brutal man, it's so brutal, and these mother [ __ ] loan, [ __ ] that are backed by the government I had a government-backed loan at 11%. The government gave me a loan for my education at 11%. That's like illegal with like uh dude, that is so high 11 percent, and then my low ones were 6%. Do you know how much interest I get on my on my savings account 0.02, so who's making money I'm not making money from the end like what is going on? Why am I not making interest? In my savings account, and then these loan people are pet charging me 11%. Are you [, __ ] kidding me dude for student loans, it's higher for student loans than any other loans, excluding like predatory, like payday loans. I really hope that changes here, someday, dude I, think this country is, is approaching a colossal crisis of a bunch of young people with trillion over trillion dollars of student debt that they cannot get rid of with super high interest rates that they are just gonna, be absolutely crushed. I mean there's a whole generation of kids are gonna, be [ __ ] crushed just look like that's one 1.5 trillion plus now is the the total student debt past credit card past mortgage past car loans right. Damn you see that you you corroborate that as far as amount of GERD -, how much total debt yeah. Let me let me see if I can find a chart, got lots of charts here, so I I mean I, got I got fantastically lucky to be able to being able to support myself I had student debt. That I was fantastically fortunate to be able to pay off when we were in Israel. We were working immediately, the first year in Israel. We were both like: let's just get rid of this debt, because I hate, knowing that I have any debt I had about yours but I. Well, let me just tell you about ela I had twenty-two thousand dollars of student debt and we weren't married at the time we weren't even thinking about marriage. At a time we were committed to each other, though, but ela we were both working and ela was [ __ ] pulling in her money to pay off my student debt yeah, that's a real one, but then we paid it up. That goes, that was amazing. I pay, mine off in I, think three months, I'm almost there. Oh you're almost done with yours dad. Yes, sir, we should how much debt did you? Have it honestly very low compared to what a lot of people have I think when a when it's the initial amount was like 25, okay, well, yeah I mean that's a lot. I mean yeah. It's people healthier though yeah people have way more ya know. What was your interest rate do. Remember. I think it was around the same I think that that's is that below your one day and they take advantage of the fact that kids don't understand anything I find a they don't teach it in high school. So you know me, it was like I didn't know that that was exactly I. Don't know, I didn't even look at this [ __ ] I was like I need the money. So what do I have um boom? Oh and then years later, I'm like eleven percent, what it's totally nuts so I feel my heart really goes out to our generation and the generation below us that are like seriously because I'm thinking like at this point and at least at our age like reaching the 30s mm-hmm, you want to start thinking about buying a house in like Oh, give me a break for most people. That's well before we started having the absolute fortune of making a really good living doing. What we're doing now, the thought of buying a house was like I might as well. Just win the lottery yeah, it was just like what buy a house I've got a thousand dollars in my bank account yeah Wow I live in LA. You know, like you, trying to think like wait, so how much just a down payment, because I have like okay. No, this is what you do when you want to buy a house you're like okay. So if I keep saving at my current thing and if I get a raise and everything's going great, if I just keep saving for another 30 years, I'll be able to put a down payment and then I'll have the mortgage so by the time on 85 I should be able to pay off. My mortgage yeah I can't wait for someone to make a real change here. Specifically here in America, like health care is insanely, expensive and college yeah. They get you on all sides. The college one is is super predatory because I mean education well and also I really do think that these universities and schools need to be there. Their pricing needs to be looked at because the way they priced the education like if you look at the trend of prices from like that 80s, like my dad, went to UCLA and he paid like he pay like a couple hundred bucks for a class yeah same with my dad. He went to UC San Diego filled out like a free ride, yeah my dad he wants it, you got a graduates or not a great. He got a bachelor's degree from UCLA and he worked paid his whole way through it. Mmm came out without that had a degree I mean it's it's just not. Why is that not possible anymore? Things didn't change. Shit's America, the economy's stronger than it's ever been. We have more money and wealth in this country than we ever did before so what's? Why has that? Why is that still not possible I, don't get it I don't understand. But if you look at the trend of the prices from colleges, it's gone up like ten thousand percent. What's changed administrators get paid a [, __ ], [, __ ] ton, more, that's for sure! So, I don't know I. Don't know the college is the right choice because, unfortunately, it's just a racket at this point, it's hard because it's such a great thing. It is such a great experience, but it's it's come to the point where you have to really weigh the pros and cons. I wish there was less common, but you really have to weigh them because there's a way through many cons now and that's just the reality, it's really it's just rich kids at college, now kind of like I, knew a girl from my high school who went to the same colleges mean she was an amazing student. She worked her ass off. She got us even a scholarship. She was came from a poor family and she was working full-time to pay for college at the same time because she was broke mm-hm and she dropped out because it was too stressful for her I. Remember, I used to see her occasionally and say hi. How are you and she was like- she was just like out of her mind and eventually she'd just dropped out, because she was like I can't I. Just can't do all this I think she just had to break them, but I'd in my college days of all the hundreds of people, I knew I didn't know. Anyone that worked full-time I bear most of the people. Didn't even work at all. Probably like 90% even have a job, so the parents are just paying for loans. Yeah Duncan come come, come come come. Do you have your good grades? Do you have your SATs girl? Would you like to get a loan from FAFSA hit me started over good girl dee. Do you have your SATs? Do you have your good grades girl? Would you like to get a loan from FAFSA FAFSA 11% ooh you'll be paying me back for life girl? Do you like getting your income deducted by 5th? Okay, you could end it get the idea. Jake Paul, guys, Jake Paul's back with a [ __, ] spicy new single, all right, the topic of the puck yeah. We took in a card to the title. I forgot, yeah I know so Jake Paul's out with a new single, it's everyday bro. This one's called I'm single I. Guess he just broke up with his girlfriend and he's ready to [ __ ]. This is pretty much just an invitation for people on Instagram to send him. Titty shots, I'm, single and my demons are open. In other words, that's the alt title, let's watch and that jacket is really douchey dyke and well. That jacket is really bro. It's not it's like you're in a straitjacket really. What does that Matthew McConaughey? Do a car commercial any day, [Music] the kid boxes Fox. Do you really expect me believe you walk around with that jacket? What is that Jackie deal? What's your take on that as a fashion designer I think it could look cool on someone else? Oh really, okay! You liked it he's a punk rock guy. Hey. Did you hear that? Well, we know who you are [, __ ], it listen. He goes Champa, yes, that hypnosis this outfit, you don't like. No I, don't like anything cuz the way he wears it is so douchey bro I feel farm from Ohio dude. It's like an old war, the fanny pack. Where are you going right now? I love Hays, like dude I'm, just a good old boy on the farm, with my Mustang from the 60s, but also I'm, wearing supreme, an off-white fanny pack, a vehemence hoodie, just a good old boy, with a $10,000 outfit on there, Auto Tunes, [, __, ] I, always imagined the auto-tune machine like smoking and shooting sparks we're. Gonna overdrive like the war pack. It's time to do this thing that, like a lot of rappers, will do and it's it's the thing that you see a lot of people do today: rappers, like they kind of like sing, not trying to sing like it's kind of like no effort right, but its own I mean they pull it off, but check fault can't do it and it's just like. Oh it just sounds so bad. Well, that's just your opinion, because I think he has a beautiful voice. I, sorry I. It says I'm down here at the bottom and sanity Ward he's ripping someone off, but it's a style you're right. It's he's trying to do like it's like he's, trying to do a post, Malone thing or something, but it's like slow. Do it? No, but it's you know not Jake Paul no, but he single did imagine being attracted to Jake Paul. It's imagine the heads face would have to be in the one date: Jake Paul, it's like MattyB, it's kind of got a MattyB vibe, and it's also for like a eight-year-old girl audience like I'm out of my mind, I almost produced by Patrice Wilson I, want to say I'm, saying when in fortress verse, yo my boy Jake yo, Patrice Wilson on the school bus, it's 3 o'clock, time for school to get out I'm right behind this car with the cute girl yeah. He always raps about little girls and [ __ ], like from Rebecca Black y'all, remember his first from that should I pull that up. Wow, that's uh! That's a throwback! Let me pull it up. Real fast y'all gotta see it Rebecca, Black Friday. You all got to see this [ __ ] at bay, hey I, know exactly where it is I've seen it so many times you guys. This is what this video is missing. Is a Patrice Wilson solo, RB, Rebecca, Black, so chillin in the front seat and the back side, I'm driving cool in fast lane, switching lanes with a car by my side, Oh mom, come on it's school bus is Friday, we gone and have some fun come on y'all dude. That's a fire burst sorry, haters what happened to Patrice? It's like it was kind of blowing up and he was huge. Well I'll tell you what happened he [ __ ] took it too. Damn far with houston gold. That's like saying what happened to dark Bishop, it's like he [ __, ] him, my kids man. This guy went down the Pope's like right-hand man, the treasure of the I'm, just saying he took it too far with Allison gold. You got her in like a little bikini and [ __ ] yeah like dude. How do you go from Friday to crank it crank it yeah I know. Let me watch this first thing cuz, it's so fried it's so [ __ ] dope. Let's impress I like I want to go on man. The Catholic Church is a messed up place. Dude I'm, not gonna back down from saying that is I just find it's not good there right now. I know: okay! Well, I already! You know, I've already been there, but all I'll say is this. You look is the treasure of the of the Vatican. He was like number three yeah went down hard for you know what yeah damn. That's, not systematic at all. [ __ ] me right next on the backside, I'm private fool in Fastlane; switching, that's it! What a B we gonna have some fun yeah by the way he's following a school bus at night bro. Why are you following a school bus? I forgot just how ledge increases the ledge at any rate, back to the point here, he's missing a Patrice Solo [Music]. You can't even write it like. He does know I'm behind the bar serving up kids that'll, wait like how do you even like what happened is Patrice is the waiter and he comes with a milkshake and he's like yo you're, single you're single. You got to have fun. You got to look out for number one, but make sure that when you put roofies in that smoothie you got to put it in the tasteless. The odorless kind, Kidz Bop, hoping going so bad I love that all the sudden, all these shits here youtubers think they're rappers, it's so a transparent. It's like I, don't know if it's a commentary itself on the music industry at this point, but it's like I can bet my life on that Jake Paul has no musical talent, you're gonna need to bet. Ok, I'm, not betting on anything. I think think we have evidence, ok, but so, like all of these guys, it's an epidemic and they're like oh I'm, gonna, be a musician. I'm gonna be a rapper. It's like! Is that really that that a barrier barrier for entry? It's like you, don't need to be a singer. You don't need to be able to play anything. You think you don't even need to be able to rap really and but to hear you have it I mean it's got. 8 million views and people go and watch him perform this [ __ ] alive I mean they're kids granted. But how is he touring? Can we go to a Jake Paul concert? Yes, we should go. You go I'll, go report back yeah bro. Are you serious going I'll go to a jig, Pole I'll go with you, you three go and take video they're gonna, wonder why your aunt can do a stand-up, routine I'll get I'll, get you a book, you'll and and we'll get excommunicated from the car yeah and what you can do your Smurf routine. I. Imagine you did blue markers all over yourself and he look like a smurf. I was all rubbed out [Music], pretty high budget videos? Oh well shot [Music] [Music] [Music]! You guys know you can do this speed. 25%. Are you a hacker dude well part of the elite hacker group known to miss them, go [Music] [Music], [Music], Jake, balls, sign papers and [ __ ] back there like use the president I'm I'm, the Pope and bathtub like tub girl, [ __, ], projectile diarrhea into my mouth. You know internet shock image of a girl having projectile diarrhea into her own face. What Arlie I'm still don't know if it's real or not but I, think it's real I, don't studied it carefully! It's cuz! It's got a crazy arc, yeah! It's it's yeah! So it's no goat, see, but just imagine the Pope doing that though, and it's Pope outfit yeah broken it's basically like one song before making it. Do you have your passport? Did you get your shot song right because it's like an invitation to all these girls yeah? Are you acting? Are you 16 in some states 15 in some states, I heard it's 15 and Alabama I'll be there next week? What's the look? What's the lowest legal age of consent in the States I know some states go really like it's 16 in some. You know. Are you six in? Are you 18 I'm saying go now, yeah Logan man? This is like a thrill throwback, we're talking about the Paul Brothers yo, what the [ __ ] I, just looked it up. It's 12 in some place, I'm kidding! No! No! No! Where is no? Oh! That's in that's in Mexico, it's 12 in Mexico. In some states, Mexican states have a primary age of consent which can be low as low as 12 weeks. Oh, that is so messed that is not lowest in the US is 16, hmm Matt dude. You cannot consent as a 12 year old yeah. What well that's not an age of consent. It's like the age of like watching cartoons by yourself, yeah, exactly that's a horrifying that is horrifying. Your honor! She did give me her permission yeah. This is a real throwback, forgive him for talking about the Paul brothers, but you know what sometimes you just got to get in the mud. So here's I thought this is Logan Paul's trailer for the Flat, Earth and and so first of all, it's so cringy, because it's so much trying so hard to be Shane and you always see like one person break out with something really original, like Shane with his Canaries and then all of a sudden everybody's, a documentarian yeah. Suddenly Logan Paul is the new documentarian, suddenly he's a hip-hop artist and a documentarian, and it's it's edited so overly dramatic and all he did was like load to a flat earth convention like it's. Just not that serious. So here enjoy this to the Canadian series, but even crazier. Why does his voice sound like the intro to a Disney show and but even crazier, you notice. He said he brought up conspiracy theories and then the first clip is about global warming. It did yeah you're right. Well, it said: okay, how much grease we've all heard them someone's saying. Global warming is a hoax back to maybe the president knows weird the pitch shift. I think you're right, but even crazier. Five right here is my mom and dad that run a science lab in their basement. That's like where it's going, but even crazier did my big brother who's also a fairy. This is my crazy wife people that actually believe that bro this maverick it kills Matt he's got like a super cinematic. Looking maverick bird, that's supposed to be like Lionsgate or some [ __ ], and it looks so bad. Okay, bro really you're gonna hit me with a long shot of you're like seven million dollar estate. What is that good to do with anything he's establishing the setting Neela it just so offices a drone shot of his he of his mansion, but nothing happens in his house. Does it bro he's establishing of the little I? Don't know they're just talking. Do you think the earth is flat, [Music] believe that he's wearing the Maverick on it? It's like give it. You don't have to brand everything his own suit jacket. That's way too small right! You look yeah. It's got a maverick on it and give me a [ __ ] break bro, okay and again he's I'm still I can't I didn't get over the drone shot of his house. You still there I, don't understand that establishing location, unnecessary flex, where's the drone shot of this elementary school. That's that's how you're established location, so this conversation has taken place in my seven million dollar mansion just to let you know so now we're back at my seven million dollar mansion to think of this about this even more I love that he's really gone in deep to really get to the core of this and by interviewing a five-year-old, an expert, witness or shave his ears, yeah committing uh can I, say Indian style. Is that that's not he's on applesauce dude? Oh nice, look at the camera genius! I hate him! Sorry, sorry, I, shouldn't hate people I, don't hate him, but you know what I hate that he's just so blatantly ripping off Jane yeah, it's just so embarrassing, bro, just I! Don't know man don't try to pretend like you're a documentarian, all the sudden, it's just so transparent he's like wow Shane's blowing up right now, I gotta do what is. This is an appropriate time to announce that I am working on a documentary about furries. That would be actually good, so that is what I'm working on and I'm inspired by Logan Paul. It gives me great pleasure to announce for the 2018 3rd flattered of international conference, this many people to start questioning the reality. The truth sets you free [Applause]. Stop. Do you acknowledge that other planets around I don't know that other planets are planets? This guy? Had me a toilet water I, don't know what's coming next, but whatever is coming is groundbreaking bro. We don't have toilet water hey. How far do you want me to go? We don't have toilet water flying out on people in Australia because of grabbity checkmate. Don't have that water flying out at people and on this jail because of gravity Jack made a Thea can argue with that checkmate rounders, oh by the way, there's like a cute flat earther that he falls in love with it's so fake everything is so fake and apparently his friend is a flat earth. There we're crazy [Applause]. Any organization has to start with their meetings. Mush I think we're not crazy. You might have a problem on your hands Wow. He happened to me a supermodel who believes the earth is flat and doesn't wear bras either. You can see here a little bit there, which isn't what bras and then there's paparazzi I'll tell you what is I'll. Tell you what's not flat them nips I can see if they were sure. Why are you obsessed with it's? Not that bad? By the way his henchman is the dumbest looking guy I've ever seen in my life? Okay, such a bozo man. He just keeps him around because he makes him feel like a genius. This guy probably got a 800 on his SAT yeah, no sex it down Logan's, like did you trim a girl like that I'll tell I'll tell her there are this flat Bobby I, just don't know what to believe anymore truth set you free! Well, it's that time, Logan on a mountain I can't imagine anything causing I'm angry enough to smash it. What is this he's trying to see if their world is curved smashes the globe, so the in so imagine actually like I'm sure that it's dramatized and he doesn't yeah but being like yeah I'm, a flat earther? Also, why would you drop the mic? That's so douchey hello. What did you see you just like what you did to a mic drop? Your dad, a convention? This is not an epic victory. Imagine doing a mic drop at a flutter convention. Does that bother you yeah? All these people are on the same page, [ __ ], you guys, but the crowd is on the same page with him. You don't mic drop at a flat earth convention. It's just not done to the edge in back I guess, assuming I went there, I [, __ ], some hot lady was Flat. Earth I got my nut and then I came back and I believe the earth is round again yeah I'm, not watching that this is coming coming out on April 1st early March 20th next week. Yeah, that's exciting! That is a thrill by the way Shaq was in hot ones. That was just on her suggestion bars like Hello Shack and get in my life, please for one second, I'm gonna watch that so finally, you've been talking about salt Bay, a lot I'm obsessed with salt Bay, because I come to the realization that he's kind of a ridiculously gimmicky bad chef. The food he makes is ridiculous. Like he'll make he'll cut a piece of a long stretch of salami he'll, cut it in half Grill it and then dump a bunch of cheese on it and put it in bread and he's like dinner served. So I saw an Instagram, wouldn't you believe that the Bradbury's were freaking hanging with sabe and all that wow? This is wait -. This is way too coincidental. So here's the video so I had a quote at support that is worthy. That's very homoerotic, I have to say last time we were saying what, if it was guys, would he do the same? Move. I didn't think so. But apparently it's his thing to feed people at the tip of a knife and force them into this very uncomfortable did solve a must, be really psycho to think that people actually want to do that. That's a little gay right, Daniels. Everyone back that this is kind of big huge nobody's backing me up on that. What crickets it's a little gay? What's gay about having a man dangle meat in front of your face and a tight ass? What are you talking about? Hi -, the tightest shirt I've ever seen in my life yeah. Thank you. Dan reminds me of the girl with Dale Fredo sauce he's basic I mean he's like yeah, deep, though this meat by [Music] I hate everything about it. I just don't like his persona. It's such a dish, that's way too big of a still chewy. Oh I know you can't enjoy. Thank you forever to chew that it's like a really expensive cut of meat, and he just you're supposed to eat small bites and enjoy it. I mean my god. What the hell look at him trying to enjoy it yeah! Well, that's it so I, like! Oh, my god, this is such a rare opportunity, so we got on the phone with Ethan, Bradberry and Moe Bradbury, and we said when we ask them questions I want to know how did they enjoy it? What was the experience like so without further ado? We have their answers here for us today, and this is a real treat that real treat so we asked them. First. Did you specifically go to meet salt Bay, and this is what they said at the time his restaurant in New, York City just like opened up, and he was gonna, be there for like quite some time, maybe a week or two. So we figured it because he's been and he's a meme and it's like kind of the whole meme and you know, send correlate so what we do. We found an interesting and intriguing to like she would would go about in person. You know see how he was in person. Give such a long answer. Usually it's like a two word. Man yeah. Well he's a meme now I like that. He accepted because when we had them on the podcast, it was like what is a meme I, don't understand, and now he's is a meme and he's going and visiting other memes. How did you get to interact with you? Oh the way to interact with that man? Is. You have to spend a lot of money in his restaurant yeah either spend over like four or five hundred dollars? Then he comes to your table and does this whole on the little comedy, skit I call it a comedy. I love this car. You pay extra to see him. Well, no he's saying you have to spend a lot of money and then he'll come through a little. Do the meet the old feed you, the meat routine, did salt. They know who the Bradbury's were. That would be fascinating, like what his pretty not producer, but like one of the guys, the main guy that sells his stuff and puts it on his social media. He recognized this and he thought it was cool for him to introduce us to salt bay, and so he introduced us to him before he. They seated us at the table. We got to know him a little for like 5-10 minutes and then yeah like a whole entourage that walks around with him, like his show crew or with him the guys that put all the videos together and kind of like produce it. You know not yet to be honest, he was very quiet. He bares, we really talk with him like I. Do I was taking a picture with him, and then he just shook my hair was. It was mainly his cameraman. I was talking to him, doesn't speak this guy I was these guys are the best art that I can listen them talk about anything salt bass, such a weirdo? What is this phenomenon? We should try and go? No, you wouldn't want to go to sulfates. No! Well, listen them talk about the experience. Were they satisfied with their meal. A la carte, the New York City you'll find one every block every every corner block, especially one year in the city like that was the little tease. It was an appetizer. We had like two steaks. We had like lamb chop yeah. His salad is the salad alone is like 35 45 bucks. It was. Is this like an appetite I felt like you, I ate an appetizer and a an appetizer, still very hungry after that, and so like $5 $5 a la carte plates. You know yeah, it was pretty good, but if you wanna get full or if you want to hit the spot, you have to spend I'd say a thousand two thousand: that's not a saying 15 to 20 grand on food. The thing is that I've I mean great like the most expensive cows in LA, which is like Mastro's Mastro's. You can get like the most ridiculous. Like aged bone-in filet, you could get a tomahawk, let's say, which is like the craziest most expensive for like 200 bucks and that's enough food for like three days so I don't know what was I mean I'm, not surprised that he's charging these insane amounts five hundred dollars and they weren't even full, doesn't surprise me. It does a little bit and it's packed, but here's the million dollar question that I had for them was were his elbows clean, because this guy sprinkling salt off his elbows, like that's all good and all sanitary, that's like when you work in a kitchen, everything's nasty. That's why you wash your hands all the time, that's like having salt on the table where you prep food and then taking your plate and then being like, scraping it off the table top on the food. So, let's see what they said, no I think there was a whole bunch of like like dry, sweat. I felt like there was like you know. That was like I felt like he was sweating thing today in between what wait didn't he say was nasty. Last time, I heard this was covered in sweat, yeah I thought he said specifically that it was nasty. He did say that in so many words yeah. What is this [Music] [Applause] [Music] yeah who's that come from mm? It's yeah another fan. We gotta get anything in mo to talk about more stuff. Yeah I, like just hearing them talk about [ __ ] should be our correspondence. H3 podcast correspond. I would love that love, love, love, love, love that I said so, and then they had a special message for us. Eva I haven't heard this one yeah I, so you know we want to congratulate because we never actually got to do it verbally. So Mia mo want to congratulate Ethan and ela on their first child. Thank you. Oh that's. Sweet other guys are sweethearts on guys. Like many blessings you know I know man I know out of all of the h3 many people they would have been the last for me to expect to wind up being actually really chill and cool guys. I, don't know cool it. Sorry, it's hard to say because on one hand you have to remember they're they're pranks in the hood yeah, but I guess you know, people can redeem themselves. Yeah can grow. I've got a Redemption right sure, they're legends I mean what can you say you got it they're there as people as complicated and beautiful as as uh as a look diamonds. They are made in the rough diamonds are made under intense pressure made under the earth, hmm, and so they come out beautiful and I. Think the Bradbury's are beautiful diamonds in that way that it's not always pretty it's a long process with a lot of pressure, but you come out a beautiful shining diamond. It's beautiful man! Thank you. It's really quiet! This is Ethan. Do you want it so and then that's it? That's all we got that's it. That was great. We want to talk about the teddy fresh stuff. We've been going on for like two and a half hours. I won't take long. We can talk about it next week. So next week we have tea. Oh oh yeah! We have teal Vaughn on Wednesday that I'm excited about. There was this pot. Let's just talk about it. I mean I might as well there's this post- and this is always getting posted so frequently. First of all, is a fool. I, don't know: what's their story, are they just like some Chinese knockoff I looked at their website and everything looks like a knockoff of some things. This pops up all the time, so I thought we'd just address it. Yeah yeah, it's obviously just a total knockoff, but you can see the material I think that I will kind of order, one out of curiosity, but it's obviously really shitty fabric, and the thing is that it definitely sucks but I. Think it's not that easy to enforce the trademark or that we have at this point on like a hoodie, it's kind of difficult and also I'm, confident in our quality and yeah I doc. So if you buy this for $20, it's not gonna, be the same. You can see it's like a super lightweight. It's probably disintegrate after one wash, but that's kind of the highest compliment that we're getting bootlegged I mean that's pretty sick, because if you look at like supreme or champion or Louie, Vuitton or Gucci, or whatever all these brands, the fact that someone actually cares enough to knock off and boo and I get ads for this [ __ ] on my Instagram I, like the fact that somebody is worth it their time to knock us off is kind of the highest compliment. You can really get for your clothing, but so there's that and then on Ali. The part that actually I really did want to correct the record on is that this is so typical of reddit, like these reddit geniuses I think they talked with Ulta my confidence in their I. Don't even know why they I don't know. If he erased. Would you show the usernames? Well, whatever it's all public? No I! Guess it's true! It's not like an email address, I, don't even know if he well anyway, someone wrote a comment. I want to find the Ali Baba link, though well. Do you guys just have the link I? Can find it I think he may have erased it well anyway. Ali Baba is a Chinese merchant web site, it's kind of like Amazon in China, but because it's in China there's nothing, there's freaking, nothing. You can do about it, and so there's a lot of merchants on Alibaba that will rip off popular designs. Well, they'll, actually just rip off the pictures from our website, yeah or zoomies website and Photoshop out the logo, so they claim that they make it. And so, if you want to buy like bulk quantities, they claim that they made the color block, so you can buy from them. Yeah it's just it's! Well this this commenter. He speaks with ultimate confidence, he's like actually Teddy fresh, doesn't even make these. They buy them they're both from Alibaba and here's the link- and it's obvious Photoshop from zoomies with their logo photoshopped out and the thing is he talks so confidently that people just start uploading. They just believe it had like hundreds of points. So I was, like you know: I can't I cannot guess I found one of the comp I don't know if this is the specific one you were talking about, but it says to everyone claiming the design is stolen from ela. This was already an existing design that was incorporated into the petty fresh line. You can buy the sweatshirt in bulk from Alibaba here, which I just gave you that link yeah. So this is literally a picture from zoomies website, so the funny thing that they photoshopped the logo out of it couldn't be any further from, and these are all look. This has a champion logo. These are all rip designs, ripped, here's our other today, yeah Ian's wearing so Ian. Would you um you can't stand up yeah there didn't know that people always want to hear a little bit about the process. So it's kind of I can explain a little bit now because of this. This accusation so far from the truth so like with the color-block hoodie, it was about the fabric itself, oh and then some I'm trying to talk sorry, the fabric itself is first of all custom made. It's a really heavy cotton fabric that is very unusual for a hoodie, usually which we like. That's why we made it that way. It's really heavy, really thick and really like rigid and then the fit is something that when we start with a design, we'll submit a design to the factory and then we get a sample and then we do a fit session when we'll try it on then is tried. Our clothing on ian has tried things on we'll get notes, we'll send them notes and then we'll over a few samples finalize the fit every time get a little closer to the fix that we want takes like half a year the process and then, when you finalize the fit you finalize the design, the callers only then they make the bulk. So that's kind of like how the process work works. So it's just it's really funny to me that people I just hate how they speak so confidently and then and then so people it started rising up and I, like hundreds of uploads and I'm, like you know, usually I don't address this stuff, but I think it's important that, especially when there's so many people out there they're just looking for a scoop or a story. It's like you can't let the misinformation become the new fact, because we work so freaking hard on Teddy fresh. We have employed the best people in the business frankly that we could find I mean they're, like our lead designer that we love and cherish he works for champion. For, like six years I mean he's been in the business for like 15 years. The guy is incredible talent and and we we went specifically to get the best people. We could to build this really reputable company and we spent a lot of time. Like you said, you know, on the fit on the colors on the sourcing. Finding factories to work with these are custom-made. Ela frickin, designed this like I, just hate, I, I, really hate. Reading that and saying, oh, oh, we buy blanks on Alibaba I'm, like dude, drew this in her notebook, I honestly find amusing, if anything, just to see that, but then, but the lie becomes the truth. Yes, but so like I even saw people being like which is so insane they say. No look. The pictures on Alibaba is the same picture on Zoo me, so zoomies took it from Alibaba and put the logo on it. Imagine thinking that and people were up voting. I was like 100 up votes. Imagine zoomies soomi's, there's like a thousand stores in a mere across the country, and they took a picture from Alibaba. This video will be restocked next week, but I say a lot of people. I skim somehow soomi's magically appeared more pictures of this model than Alibaba has I, don't know how they pulled that off. I even saw this one with this photoshopped out, and it's like everyone is just so quick to see the worst, and you know it's just. We work so hard on this to make the best product and we are super proud. We stand by the quality and we stand by the product, and it's just you know, and it's your work, it's really it's your. This is really that's. Why this this stuff, don't even faze me I, don't I, didn't find it amusing I, don't mind people having their opinions about the quality and how the fact, but like a blatant lie, saying that we purchased blanks from Alibaba is just insane I have no idea where you get. If you bought this, it's not this there's just a sullen image. I, don't even know if you get anything at all, you know, but it from production from you drawing it to us selling. It is like how long's that take it's like eight months, six, six months, sometimes longer depending on the complexity. These guys will make it in seven days. Apparently so. Yeah I just wanted to correct the record on that. But in this case yeah it's just a knockoff I mean what can you do at least they're not like? No, it's a knockoff, it's [, __, ] up and people always say Oh, we'll tell you fresh, didn't invent colors, it's like yeah. You can color-block and get tired, I agree. Sometimes people will send me stuff, as that they think is a copy of ours, and it's not like yes, yes, total blocking is something that everyone is doing totally a lot of stuff and there's trends, and everyone is going with the trend and everyone is also in art. Everyone is inspired from someone else. I I'm, usually I'm, very open to all this stuff. I, don't hold it yeah. This specific metadata Blaine is definitely and direct I mean it's the same. Blocking it's the same colors so I mean you can't really deny it. But again it's not a big deal. I, don't actually doesn't bother me that much it's the misinformation that really troubled me yeah. So that's it. But honestly, we've been we just like from like how we're just hiring our fifth full-time employee for teddy fresh. We have a project manager, a lead designer, a designer we just hired a merchandise er and we have a I'm bookkeeper and a bookkeeper and we're looking for graphic designers, yeah yeah we're growing fast and we are seriously working super hard and we're we take so much pride and the product and then in the designs and in the mint like so many times, we'll get a shirt and it looks good and it's fine, but I'm obsessed or the fit being perfect. Then the quality and the stitching and everything it's super super super important for us and we work really hard and we do not just buy blanks. Everything is custom-made, custom fit and we have super talented people working on it right yeah. It's one thing to buy blanks for a t-shirt. You could do that some people even supreme does that design. Just we've never done that. We've we've thought about it, but we have never purchased blanks for a t-shirt. Yes, so far we haven't, but it makes sense in some cases, if you have Ewing our own original prints or embroidery or something- and you want to make it in the States there's certain cases we're buying a blank t-shirt works, but that's a far cry from us cutting so yeah, honey, mm-hmm, I, probably most come. Probably most big clothing companies and street bands I would guess, use blanks for printed tees, mm-hmm, that's just a t-shirt and a solid color with a print on it. Yeah. That's the bread and butter of a lot of clothing companies, so I wouldn't be surprised if they use blanks. We have never used blanks I'm, not saying we might not. I mean it's worth it in some cases use blanks for t-shirts, but that's besides the point yeah anything else. Next week stuff is finally restoring yeah. The color-block is fine. In a while yeah good, we created a black market moon for some of our clothes. I mean that's incredible, right, yeah, it's insane, it's fluttering, yeah and all we have to do is go to Alibaba and just buy a bunch more hmm. It's the best deal ever yeah. It's super weird that zoomies would just rip this picture off. You'd think they would take their own pictures being such a huge cupcake. You know so strange. It's like yeah. Let's get off this almost three hours, all right! We're done guys thanks for watching I hope. You all had a great time dan is saying, wrap it up Dan's over it. No, we got to wrap it up. Eva probably has to pee. Yet I know you're over at Dan. It's fine mm-hmm. He said yep guys, it's Friday I thought isn't that the best I love fresh good hit me with that music then did and hit me with that. Our Kelly one sec. Then hood then turned the music yeah. We don't want two songs playing at the same yeah yeah. No, that doesn't it's Friday baby. Did you get your DVRs recording? Did you get your Mexican food? Did you get your pizza? It's Friday. Did you record Seinfeld? It's Friday! You can get two for one little caesars, no I, don't know it's Friday Papa Jones was an inside job two miles. Papa John Shatner from his own company Papa John's, kept you pup John with a pup John, it's Friday I hope you all have a great weekend, thanks for watching [Music] I hope you all have a great weekend thanks for watching good, but now I'm gonna hit it for real. Did you get your passport? Did you get your shots girl? Would you like to come back with rubb to America to America? Next week we have Theo von on Wednesday. There is a thread up on the subreddit leave your questions for him. Theo wanted a very hilarious, very incredible chameleon, a good old boy, in fact, and boys that are honored to have him on our show he's got his shots. He's got his passports, he's ready to go to America. Are you guys ready to go to the weekend? I sure AM, thanks for watching and as always stay awesome. Well, who's. That from we always say that who says stay awesome is that PewDiePie stay awesome, stay awesome, guys, stay awesome, got it [Music].