You hey welcome everybody to the h3 podcast. The number one happening place to come and feel good at the party and just feel hype all the time and be stoked on life. All these other podcasts, you watch you put on you're like this is depressing. This podcast they are not funny or insightful like a street podcast is I'm all of those things and more I'll, be whatever you want. Just please keep watching. Today we are joined by um logic, the musician, the artist and uh the the rapper of one of my favorite guests. We've had him on before he's a friend of ours. We have a fantastic conversation, he's in a really good place, with his new album that just came out, which I believe was, is his sixth studio, album uh, no pressure, it's called and it's being critically acclaimed everyone's loving it, including myself, great conversation there. This episode is brought to you by ridge wallet, and I also want to give an announcement before we throw it to logic. Is that we have this new members program. Our schedule has changed a little bit. You guys may have noticed. We are now going to be posting our episodes on monday and thursday. Those are going to be our two weekly episodes at 8 00 a.m. For the working man I'll tell you guys why we're doing this? I went in youtube analytics. You can see a heat map of when people are watching your channel the most, and we just we were kind of fascinated to find out that people are mostly watching our content during the week starting early morning, because these these people, these are working salt of the earth people we were posting on the worst days. Saturday is the worst day to post content for our channel. So what we're doing yeah is monday. Thursday 8 a.m is when the podcasts are going to go up and then for members we are going to be doing a friday live stream for members. Only so the friday live stream is gonna, go up for members, only it's a third extra episode and um. Really. I have to emphasize that for non-members. Nothing changes, it's the same, two episodes every week. The third episode is kind of a new beast where we take suggestions from the audience we take calls from our members only discord, and we can, besides, that we're going to react to content that we would normally cut from our podcast, which is stuff that, like might get us mature, rated or might get us claimed, and we always go like. Oh it's not even worth it. So why bother that kind of stuff we can throw in there on the friday live stream, because we don't have to worry about algorithm, suppressing our video or some copyright trolls blocking it worldwide or something I wonder if they could block our that'd be weird if they blocked our vod, the vod of the stream yeah. I mean that happens. That could happen well anyway, the vod will be available for members. I know I know people are upset that we're making content behind a paywall, but you really just have to understand that like we're in a situation when we've lost a lot of our sponsors and we really need to um just create a stable, a stable baseline, for which we can make uh, continue to make our content and expand the podcast and buy stuff like the gatsby and, what's something else, we've we wasted a lot of money on something else. Didn't we we we did, but it has not been right. Oh yeah, we have something really big coming up that we've wasted like way more money than gatsby next week, it's exciting and like dude. There was this. You guys remember that tiny little um mobility scooter that couldn't go up the curb and like just so, we found out you can buy six of those for how much was it like? Fifteen thousand dollars, yeah yeah? Yes, there was a minimum order. They only sell them in six packs like it's toothpaste or something. Maybe we can find another vendor that uh that sells them individually, but um, but anyway. The point is that uh need we, we really do need to foster, so we can continue to maintain and invest in the pod and uh. We want to reward those people that that really do want to support us there and to give them a really quality experience for for them. So if you, you know we're going to post highlights, so if you want to get a feel for for what's going on there, we will be posting highlights, but otherwise we're just really thankful the people that do support us directly like that, and so we want to make a really nice quality product for them. So we'll be doing that every friday I think around 12. This week's a little unusual, because we're recording an episode on friday, which we're generally not going to do anymore, but we're going to be doing it, the first one this friday at 2. We said right dan, yeah uh again, because we're recording an episode where we have an interview with um, with andrew yang um that we're recording on friday and we're doing him and unfortunately it couldn't be moved and we're doing him at noon. So it's kind of awkward we're launching this on the on the first week in a kind of an awkward way, but moving forward. It will be at noon on friday, probably around the pacific time. I guess we should specify 12., probably around three but we'll tweet it out and stuff so and the vod will be up for members so but but for, if you can't afford it or you don't want to subscribe, you get the same two episodes. Those are our main episodes like the ones. We've always been. Making you're gonna get the same content. You always have there's an extra episode for members. I think it's gonna be a lot of fun and I do hope to see you there, but you can always catch the highlights. I know that was a lot to get out, but I needed to explain that there is something I do really want to watch before we get into logic, which was I could not stop laughing. I was literally can't even watch this because I just I die when I when I watch it. I was just crying every time because there's so many details, I got no audio dan and the audio's really important, but it's still funny as [ __ ] uh. I saw this video on twitter and I I was just crying and then I opened it like two hours later and then I thinking that, like I got it out of my system and then I was crying again like there's just there's someone here. Let me just play it audio, so this lady's trying that what is this like sonic, like what kind of job [Laughter] you can hear him like the wind gets knocked down like he hits [ __ ] so hard. You can hear the wind get knocked out of him watch [Laughter] and the fact that it's blue slurpee exploding everywhere, oh and then the lady record, you get this blue slurpee and drink. What is that? I think it's just slurpee I play sonic's, it's known for it's known for like having weird drinks and stuff. What's the point, it's called sonics. It's like a fast food places. There's nothing in that way. For somebody. How do you react to that? How do you not laugh at your mom [Laughter] so and then I think they're just recording because they it's like such a novelty? Did somebody bring food on skates, these guys getting up to get the food listen to the later recordings [Laughter] anyway? How do you react to that? I saw a comment. It just said: uh you just clock out and never come back at that point yeah, you think so just bounce yeah yeah, no, I would just leave. I would escape into the sunset, never to be seen again. What do you say? What do you do you help them up, or I mean you definitely have to laugh in their face as much as you don't want to funny as [ __ ] dude, he aged so hard. He hit his back so hard. Imagine how much he's getting paid for this [ __ ] he's probably getting like seven dollars an hour. [Music] [Laughter]! That's gonna be the lowest point in his life and now it's been recorded, look at his legs. He just he just eats [ __ ], so hard, okay, anyway, nice pause anyway. So I installed a button. Yeah, I got you hooked up, I said dan. Can we get that so like anytime? I want I could just oh. I can't see it yeah, it's just I'll, just play it on screen anytime. I want, I could just hit a button and we can. We can roll it out, which I think, I'm not exactly sure the situation, but we can't see it. So is it just full screen? Did I just do it? You can hear everything come out, yeah it just it just fades in and just shows the video on facebook. So that's a new feature yeah for everybody. It's a video drop. We had audio drops now we got video games. I can't see it, but I can hear it I'll hook you up in the future, with a uh with a source monitor. So you can see, oh my god, so that's anyway. That's all I wanted to say with that being said: we have logic on deck, so uh with that, oh without it I mean. I already said with that being said: how much more do I have to set this up without further ado? That's it! Well! I already said with that. I don't it's like without being said without further ado, it's like dude just cut the logic. So with that being said, without further ado logic with us today is the um bobby hall d, bobby hall, aka logic who has just released his sixth and final studio, album no pressure, uh and I'm happy to say, I'm very excited and I am with them critical acclaim. Everybody is loving. The album I've listened to it several times. I love it. It's great! Thank you! So much so good. It's it's a it's a fantastic uh album! I appreciate it. I put a lot into it beyond that. Beyond that he's also now a dad. So what does that make you? You are? You are yourself a junior, a bobby jr yeah and your son is named also bobby, yes, he's the third. So are you a g you're? Now a junior and a senior yeah, it's kind of I'm like it's like a it's like the um yeah. I don't know that is that's a weird thing to think about. I never thought it was [. __ ] my mind right now. Yeah, you've transcended the junior uh. Does your dad call you junior um? I don't really talk to my dad, but he would just call me bobby just bob bob, you know yeah. I love the name bobby. We even we were considering that name at some point for a girl, though oh yeah b-o-b-b-I-e. I actually have a funny story about that to start [, __ ] off, so my buddy um or I'm not trying to flex but jj abrams. Oh [, __ ], you know jj yeah, that's my dog. I was texting him one day and he was like yeah I'm here with roger lin and roger lin. Is the creator of the mpc and the [ __ ], like the lindrum, and all that [ __ ], that you know dilla, and so many of us make hip-hop beats on, and I was like no way tell him. I like thank you for everything and then he got him to write me like. Like a little note- and I was like- oh my god- I can't believe it. This is crazy, so it said uh. You know to bobby thanks for using my instruments, but he spelled it b-o-b-b-I-e and I didn't give a [ __ ]. I was like I'm still gonna frame this and put it in my studio. So then so jj was like cool I'll mail it to you and then mind you. This is pre-corona. This is like nine months ago, so he's he's uh or a little longer than that, and he said he's going to send it to me and then, like a month, goes by and I text jj and I'm like hey so uh, don't forget to send that thing and he's like oh dude, I already sent it. You didn't get it so it got lost in the mail. Oh no because of the spelling yeah. No, it just got lost, no, no, no cause cause. Jj sent it to me to everything normally, but just uh, roger lin, [, __ ], my name up and spelled it like a woman which is fine whatever. Sometimes I feel that way, I'm just kidding so um. So after I told jj that he was like. Don't worry I'll, get him to send you another one and I'm like don't know like don't bother this guy and he's like he's fine he's my friend, so he formally types up a letter right and then signs it this time, because I was joking with jj I was like. Can you make sure he signs my name right and he goes no problem and then he sends it to me and he misspelled abram's in jj abrams. It was just really funny. It was hilarious, probably not that. Maybe it's not that funny! You got it. You got it. It's spelled correctly yeah, but he [ __ ] up jj's. Last night. He spelled it like jj, abrahams, [Laughter] man. You know it's good that they corrected the spelling because people would not have believed it was yours, they'd, be like man, you got this off the internet. I actually do have a frank sinatra: sign, um, piece of art. I don't know where it is because we are still unpacking but um. It says tabab from frank and then signed sinatra and um. A fan of mine nanisha got it for me like years and years ago, and I really always that's an awesome gift: yeah yeah, pretty cool, so you're a father. Now I recently became a father. You know that actually our son now is like well he's he's getting he's like a big boy, he's like a monster one year and almost three months, yeah how old's your son, like six months, six and a half months yeah? How is it dude? I can't believe it that it already all happened. Last time we hung out you guys, like. I think you just told us that she's pregnant and yeah um was it the last time we hung out when we got swatted yeah yeah. That was awesome. We had to run now you now yeah. Now you guys are talking about it, but the funny part is people, don't realize that you were in my theater yeah and you got a phone call from a random number and- and I was like- and you were not gonna answer it and I was like let me answer and you're like no, no, no and I'm like just let me answer it and I answered it and I'm like hello and they're like this. Is the police and I'm like here: [ __, ], off yeah, yeah, remember, truest story yeah and then I'm like telling the police to go [ __ ] themselves, because we think it's just like somebody leaked your number or something as they do right. You know and- and the officer sounded like a kid too, so it really didn't help. We really thought we were just being pranked by kids. At the time a lot of people were caught, we [ __ ] up. We had I picked up alfredo and on his dog tag. It had our home, my cell phone number, so people kept calling me and [ __ ] around that time. Actually, no that was before alfredo. Oh, it was oh you're right it was. It was before my number's been on this yeah. It's yeah. Where are you I don't ever expect? I don't ever answer unknown calls. So I was like oh I'm [ __ ], this person calling me yeah. I never do it either, but I just thought if it was your phone. I've never done that. There was no money, though, for a minute yeah, except we were driving home at 100 miles per hour crying because we saw shredder and then walking out the front door on our ring. Yeah yeah. That was so sad but being a dad is awesome. Yeah yeah! I love it. It's a every day is new and it's like you, don't really understand it. Unless you have kids or, like you know, have people in your family that you watch grow up. So it's like really cool to man every day like one day he's he can now he can flip on his tummy. Now he can flip from his tummy to his back now. He can like all these different things like now, where he's eating pureed food and [ __ ] and he's he's like chewing, and I'm like it's really it's a beautiful thing and I love it. Um balance is also extremely important because, since I'm my own boss, it's like difficult because technically I could be there every single day. You know what I mean, but I also need I still have to create as a creative, and I still have to provide for that family. So sometimes that's like can be a little difficult to have to really make sure that I'm giving myself personal time, because me and my wife, we have a schedule, so I work throughout the week, but then I still kind of clock out and come home uh after those hours and spend the evenings with my wife. Some days are, you know like a day a week is just for me a day out of the week is just for me and her and a day out of the week is a hundred percent all day. Uh 6 a.m to 8 p.m, family time. So it's important bobby's world yeah, dude, double meaning. Now that's cool yeah! That's good! You guys do that. It's really important to have a schedule with a kid like. I never thought we could do it, but you just have to they. The kids need it yeah. Well, you know, excuse me um! I got this crazy acid, reflux bro and I'm drinking coffee and it makes my throat all mucousy. I probably shouldn't have done that for the show, probably sometimes dude. It's not the thomas, the mucus in my throat all caked in there like a [ __ ] in my throat, just to make it more more disgusting [Music], my acid reflux [ __ ]. So what what it is is um yeah it's super hard because, with the first of all with the covid me and ela are at home, like you know, 95 of the time, and it's super difficult because a lot of times like we have a nanny during the day, and so I'm in my office trying to work and then every time theodore walks by and he's like dad and it's so hard not to want to spend all the time with him. But it's really it's hard on him too, because like it would be easier if I was just gone right for the work day and then came back and you knew I was home, but he doesn't understand why sometimes I can be with him, and sometimes I can't it's it's tough yeah. It is tough! It's really! It's like you feel like you're, a bad parent but yeah, it's so hard, not to give him the attention when he's like, ah so excited to see you like yeah, but my I mean that's what I talk to my therapist about. She just goes as long as you're. You know your child looks at you and they they're smiling and they're happy when they see you or with you you're, a good parent. I mean like as long as you're doing you're doing what you can for them, but I think it's yeah it's important to provide and it is. It is more difficult uh in well, I mean, I might say, more difficult. It's also very difficult for a single mother with two kids to go work. You know 13-hour 14-hour shifts, so she can pay her bills. So I get it, but I'm just saying there are these it. It's also very difficult to know that your family's right there, but you know you gotta- do [ __, ], h3, podcast, yeah, no for sure right now we're sorry stay right there. I just gotta get it out, because this is yeah. We can cut that out right. There cut it. Yeah yeah! Oh my god, don't cut that out! Um! So did you guys know it was like a thing that last time I did the podcast. I said gnarly like a million times. No, I didn't know that no yeah look it up on the internet. You can find it. I don't know how that happened. I was just like gnarly everything's gnarly. I didn't notice. I think I was just really excited and nervous, and that was like a tick. So there's like compilations of you saying, gnarly a bunch, I'm sure it exists. Should I watch it? No, I don't know. Okay, I don't know that'd be fun to watch, but I believe you, you say you're nervous, but you really don't look nervous. So I almost don't believe you. I think it's because I'm a professional so, like you know this is what you do like I'm on. You know, but I'm not because I'm still myself, I feel like I feel like I'm. This is basically me. I mean you guys know me right so personally, so this is how I am yeah, but it's just a little different. I don't know how to explain that. You just watch what you say. Every little word: yeah you want to piss people off funny thing is, though, is now since I've retired from music. I don't really give a [ __ ] anymore, because there's like this disassociation between um ego and caring, what other people think and then, when you actually leave the [ __ ] behind you, you realize a lot of things. One! You don't really exist, you're, just a form of entertainment for people. They don't really view you as a human being. So when they say nice things, [, __, ] up things, whatever it's more about this persona and not really you personally and when you step away from that limelight and that you know part of the industry, it allows you to take that so easy. Like there was this dude um. Do you guys know anthony fontano yeah, the melon yep, the melon, so he like is really great at what he does, but he would review my music ever since my mixtapes and it would always like [ __ ] me up, because he would always basically say how I wasn't like good enough. You know what I mean like well, this isn't this, and this isn't that and da da da mind you. He wasn't just totally [ __ ] on me. He would give me like credit like if something's good, he would say it's good mind you it's just his opinion right, but I find it really funny that, after I announced my retirement and stepped away now me and this dude like text each other and [ __ ], now he's like. I consider him like a buddy like I'll text him about fun, [, __ ], like video games or music, and we just talk and everything he could have ever said about logic, doesn't matter um and having that sense of freedom is something that's actually really beautiful, but I think it's kind of also ironic that when I'm like all right, [ __ ] it I really actually don't care. I mean I I care, I don't care, 98, there's still that two percent as a creative. That cares what people say about you right. You can never fully do it, but it's just. I find it funny that now that I don't need that acceptance, this album is doing great and everybody loves it. It's kind of funny how that works. Totally. Thinking about that, it's just so funny um I mean yeah. Should we talk about well, even melon gave you a good review. You know what I mean yeah and I was happy, and I was really happy for you that uh, because you know I've seen his he's been brutal. His reviews, when it's negative and I've thought about what is it's, got to be so hard to be the artist that is being criticized because yeah it doesn't matter. If it's not good. You know it's still a person and like just to have to hear your work being criticized. Yes in such detail, it's gonna be so, but the funny thing is like not good to who right anything. You can be interested in you'll find others who are so it's like yeah. I actually so I did this soundtrack from my book right and I just had fun and if you really listen to it, it's just all songs that I wrote. While I was falling in love with my my wife, you know what I mean the woman in my uh that gave birth to my child. So it's like it's all from the heart and I've met people that are like. Oh my god. That's my favorite album of yours because I was falling in love at the same time or this or that and then there's other people who just hate it um, but it's like what is that it's it's subjective, but I believe even the great melon also knows that you know like and that's why I love that in all his videos. It's always you know. This is just my opinion right which I think is which is really important, but bro yeah he's torn me up, but he's also shown me a lot of love, but it's also when you are that artist. It feels like the whole world is on you. Everything is you you you, but it's like dude. He like destroyed chance. The rapper like he's, trying to break he's destroyed so many artists before and it's just like. I don't know it's kind of entertaining when well it sucks to be involved. You know it's like the drama, the youtube drama, it's great to watch, it's horrible to be involved in, and I can say that from my side many times, but you know from the creative yeah. I have that same reaction too. It's like it, it's just so painful at times to to get that feedback but like and to and to know like. Oh they don't hate me right. They don't it's hard to separate that and know like. Oh they don't hate me, I'm not a bad person, because I made an album that they don't like it's weird to have to say that, but you feel like a bad person. Yeah yeah I've I've been in on madison square garden, sold out everyone there to see me and then you feel like a failure, because, like my last album before this one confessions of a dangerous mind, a lot of people said that they like hated it because it was just a bunch of turnip music for the most part, it was just me like just rapping to rap and just like kind of having fun and not really overthinking it, and then people were like you can't do this. Like your logic, like you can't rap. This way like you have to be lyrical miracle guy and all this [ __ ]. So then they were like you're. Oh this sucks. This is terrible mind you, the people that said that it's just such a small sect of people on the internet in a cove of you know this like loud minority, because I'm like okay, you can say those things, but I'm I just sold out the garden. You know what I mean like. I just sold out an arena of people who are screaming lyrics to the song that you don't like, because it's very popular so knowing that and being in it is very difficult now being on the other side of it it's like who gives it doesn't [ __ ] matter. I made a bunch of money and had a blast what's wrong with that. You know, but it is funny to see there's two sides of it right because I'm like bobby tarantino, I make my trap music and all this other [ __ ] and then there's a fan base. There's a part of my fan base. That goes. No. We, like the super, hip, hop [, __ ], don't do this, but when I do the super hip hop [, __ ] the people who want to turn up [ __ ] go. What are you doing? We want to turn up [, __ ] and then, when I make some indie rock [ __ ] and I'm having fun everybody's like what the [ __ ]. Are you doing, but I I step back and I'm happy to know, I'm not in a box and I'm not making the same song in the same album over and over again, I'm actually trying different [, __ ] and because of it, I'm happier. And now I look at my career, it's about 14 or 15 projects, full-length projects in a row sometime once a year every year, sometimes twice a year for the last 10 years now 11 years, and I have no regrets yeah and that's important yeah. I feel like the big theme of the album was just all the expectatio. All these people tearing you in different directions and everyone's expectation of you how you you should be this way. You should be this way. Your old stuff was the good [, __ ] and now you're new you're new you're. You had that line your new stuff's, not the old. What was it your new shit's, not as good as your old [ __ ] too your new [ __ ]? Is your old [ __ ] yeah? I love that I you know as a even as a youtube creator. I get that too. I know I've seen it. It's like hilarious, like you've, even done videos on it like it's it, but it's what it comes down to also is it's the time in someone's life and it's also relatability. So when you and ella were like [ __ ], did you guys do videos in israel, yeah yeah so like when you're there? It was like, oh, my god, who are these people and then, when you make the move to the states like you're, like kind of coming up and things are different or whatever it's like we're. Coming up, wow we're watching these people. We love they're, going from an apartment to a house. Oh my god, they're going to a house with two bedrooms to four bedrooms. Oh, my god, and then you like, are in a mansion and have your own [, __, ], clothing company and you become a millionaire and they're like not the same man out of touch yeah. That's what we're getting out all the time they're so yeah they they rooting for you only to a point. You know what I mean yeah for sure, but I mean it's also like, but to speak generally because, like you pointed out, there are tons of fans who still wish the and and support us and wish the best for us. So it's just it's the loud minority that always just is like gets in your head and it's a shame because I think it's like uh the jungle like if you're on the african plane or something right say and you walk out from the brush. Only a [, __, ] idiot looks at the sky and goes wow. It's so blue you're getting out of that brush and you're looking for lions immediately, because that's what we are designed to do as human beings to make sure that everything is okay before we can then put, you know, look to the sky, so I think um like genetically like there. You go it's in us to look at the negative. You know on the internet or whatever. That's so [ __ ] up, but it's true. It's so true! I can't you know you just can't not look at it, but it's so cool. It's nice because, like it's just it sucks so bad to give those people the attention it does. When, like the good kindhearted wholesome people that love you and want to support you, you you you kind of look past them because you're trying to identify the lines in your analogy, and these people are just ah they don't deserve your attention. You know what I mean yeah, but I think it's also what's that, what's it called imposter syndrome like, I think a lot of creative people have that where it's like, you almost feel like a fraud. I was just gonna say that so yeah right, it's like so many times now with teddy fresh. I you know I get to to have that feeling whenever there's something a little like it's uh yeah, you feel like a fraud yeah. Even though you're not it's like you feel like you, don't belong. You feel like. Oh this can't. I couldn't have done that, like literally I'm like. Oh, what like, I went platinum, what the [ __ ] like what do you mean like what is it I? How did that even happen? Um and then so in a like a sadistic way, it's almost like you're looking to those comments to actually validate your own insecurity or prove that you really don't belong there, even though there's the other side of you that wants to combat that, and it's like for every negative comment on the internet. I always had a response that I would you know, want to say to that person and be like bro we'd, be like best friends like take the fact that you don't like my raps or how I look or this or that or whatever the kid like. Take that out of it, like you, I see you like cowboy bebop you like the last of us, you, like all this [ __ ] like we should be best friends, but you want to tell me to [ __ ], kill myself and say all the [ __ ] about me, because I don't know I wore my hat to the side or some dumb [ __ ], like that, it's crazy. But once again, when you let like, I haven't been on the internet dude in a really long time. I wanted to ask you about that. I'm jealous I'm thinking of following in your path: no twitter, no instagram reddit! You go on reddit. Sometimes I sneak to reddit like every every couple months I'll go to reddit, because it's my fans are there and I love them and I go you go to your subreddit yeah. I go to my subreddit yeah. So I'll just go there and just like kind of creep, because sometimes fans write, really sweet things and sometimes they write [ __ ] up things too, and then it reminds me. That's why I love twitch, I saw I did see. Um on, like some people were telling me that people were trying to say, because I was I said that me going to twitch is going to be so much better and it's going to be the best way for me to interact with my fans and then all these people were like well, you looks like you've never been on twitch before, like I'm a [ __ ] idiot. Like I don't know, yeah public comments exist, but I'm going sub comments like if I go sub comments, only plus mods, plus, not being able to say negative words and all this other [ __ ] it's funny, because a lot of people would be like. Oh that's like [ __, ] [, __ ], like you have thin skin. You can't take it like who wants to be called like you know, like negative [, __ ] all day. How is that helpful to anyone's enjoyment of the stream for people to just come in yeah? Even the people who just want to have a fun time, it's going to ruin it for them. It doesn't yeah, but it's easy to say that you know it's so unnatural to be on the receiving end of millions of people's uh opinions about you. Because again, one of the themes of your album is like it used to be so easy to make wraps when you're in the basement. You have the whole world ahead of you and no expectations, but now, where you are with people having all these expectations of of who you should be, and so many opinions on you, it's it's just it's not the same yeah um. Well, first of all, before I talk about that, I do want to say I'm really happy like I am [ __, ] happy and I'm very comfortable with myself and I'm very comfortable in my own skin, and I think you can even notice that if you look at these interviews, I've done recently as opposed to like anything I've ever done before. I was always like trying to sell you that everything was okay and like life's great and all this [ __ ], when it really wasn't. But the reason I'm saying this right now is because not that we are, I just want people out there to know sorry dude. What is wrong with me today bro. This is why people love you just embrace it. Well, it's a little anyway. I just want to say that, like I don't believe that this conversation right now is focusing on negative, I think what we're doing- and I don't want it to be perceived that way by the viewers. I think what we're doing is just talking about [ __ ], that is starting to now be talked about, more, which I appreciate it, but because this doesn't just affect creatives and famous people. It also affects everyday people who do things for likes or do things for comments or whatever to try to get that validation. So that's the only reason. I'm even like really diving into this. Regarding what you ju excuse me what you just said, you're rubbing off on me, um. Yes, it's very difficult when you know 10 years ago, nobody gave a [ __ ] about me and I wrote raps just to rap like I just wrote to write, and that was it and I it was fun, and it wasn't that simple now, knowing that millions of people you know and songs, will get billions of streams, it's a. It was a scary thing on this album um, because it's like dude everyone's gonna feel away, and I took it all out of my head that, even though it would still you know pop in but not being on the internet, I didn't listen to any rap music at all current rap music or anything while making this album. I just went from a place of like okay. What's everything that I love, because to me this is a um. It's like a love letter to hip hop, there's so many different samples from erica badu to outcast, to you know so many people and nods and love- and you know, showing love to kendrick and cole and all these people um. But knowing that oh, is this line good enough, like is this a good line? Is this even worth it? I don't know you know I have a line um on the song called aquarius three, where I say I remember window shopping now, I'm shopping for windows for my baby, new room bobby coming soon and that's the type of line. I would have second guessed putting all my [ __ ] before I lied about that yeah out of fear that they would hate because they couldn't relate because it wasn't relevant, give a [, __ ]. If it's evident this right here is the evidence I'm like leo and revenant bear with me dog, like [ __ ], feel what I'm saying so to piggyback on what you were saying. Sorry for talking so much um. That yeah was a very difficult thing to know that millions of people are gonna analyze. Every single thing that I do but to have the freedom and the strength to go. [ __ ] it. You know you think that having a kid helped you not care as much on all that little things yeah, because when you have a child, you realize, like all that matters, is that my child breathes and that my partner is happy like that's the, like literally you know, I would like when we brought him home home from the hospital you're like checking under his [ __ ] thing to make sure he's breathing. That's the [ __ ]. They don't tell you dude and it's like bro in california. Okay, you have to wait like three thousand years to like buy a firearm. If you have like a clear record and everything's fine, they just throw a baby at you at the hospital. Instead, you open, yeah and like by the way there's a [ __ ] called uh infant death. That's syndrome. Did anybody tell me that there's a thing called where babies, just [ __ ], suddenly die? I mean technically the week was so stressful because they're too hot either because they get too hot or they roll over in their sleep. They just [ __ ]. It's called sudden infant death. I mean there's so many things they turn yellow all of a sudden jaundice yeah did you know that babies turn yellow? I did it yeah and you put them under a lamp yeah, you put them under a [. __ ] lamp like a plant dude did was your baby yellow at all uh? No, he he's he was he we were very lucky. He was good and um. I was very nervous about it and scared. Even to this day I'm scared. I had a friend of mine, um and my brother actually we're just in this crazy car accident, like oh, no insane like totaled car completely destroyed and they walked out of it mind you um yeah. They were still [ __ ] up and had to go to the hospital I get to the scene and there's cars smashed and on fire, and I'm looking at my brothers on a stretcher and all this [ __ ], I'm just like what the [ __ ] is going on, but they're. Okay, now we were just playing last night, but anyway um, I'm always like. So I see a therapist every week and- and I love her she's she's- the bomb and she's helped me through so much and a big thing is also like this term called future tripping, like you know, like constantly thinking about the future and tripping on [ __ ] that that's really out of your control, you can't do like I used to have a deathly fear of flying to the point where I almost bought a tour bus. You know what I mean on some like dj khaled [ __ ], but I was like I gotta get through that. I was like. I can't let this thing, because it's about control, you know it's about feeling like you're, not in control but you're. Never in control. You could have [ __ ] aneurysm right now you could walk outside and get hit by a bus. You could, or you know you could walk outside and meet the love of your life or get get the dream job. You always wanted like if you're constantly thinking negative your life's gonna be negative. If you think more positive life will be positive, so I apply that same thought. To my son, as much as I can, but also intrusive thoughts are gnarly yeah like like having those visions of like your baby, like falling in their head yeah and you're, like you, think this like really sick, [, __, ] and you're. So scared, it's normal as human right. A lot of human beings have intrusive thoughts regardless um, but pushing my. I was dealing with intrusive thoughts for a while there and I felt like I was like a sicko in general um and then my my therapist was like. No, those are normal. You just don't pay attention to them exactly because the more you think about it, the more it does and then yeah and then now I don't even really think about [ __ ], like that. That was the thing like when I was in high school. I developed generalizing anxiety disorder and I feel like what it did is just makes you hyper aware of [ __ ]. That was always happening, and you just trip about it like, for example, intrusive thoughts. It was always happening, but now when it would happen, I would like, like you said, maybe your baby falling out and die, or just some weird graphic thought that comes into your mind. I start to obsess about it right or like a song would get stuck in my head and I would start to obsess like that. I'm [ __ ] losing my mind because I can't get this song out of my head: stupid, [, __ ]. I remember when I um you know floaters. When you look like at a blue, oh yeah, yeah yeah. I thought I thought I was dying because I saw floaters bro like that. Just goes to show how crazy the ma it can get in the mind. No, but that's the power of the mind. This is what I wrote in my novel supermarket new york times. Bestseller number one um! Congratulations! Thank you! So much! I you got to flex that um, but a lot of that I wrote if you, if you ever read the book. It's basically me like it's everything I was going through. I was experiencing derealization, where you feel disconnected from reality. Um yeah, I was constantly like second-guessing my own sanity. I was questioning what sanity is, what it isn't, what it and what I think that is, is low-key, just like creative tax, like if you're a creative person like that comes with it, you're gonna kind of be overstimulated mentally you're, always going to think weird [ __ ] that you shouldn't think and this and that, but it's like a gift and a curse if, if we're blessed as creatives to do dope, [ __ ] and make dope art, there's some demons that kind of come with it like dude, my biggest thing honestly- and I talked about this- only excuse me recently have I talked about this sorry, god, damn [ __, ] yeah! You got me now um. I have a really gnarly tremor right and it's like it's called essential tremor and it's in my hands, but it's not that bad in my hands, but you see that so. If I, if I yeah, if I'm at rest, it's fine um, but it's all in my body right except my dick and um your body tremors yeah yeah. So it's like it depends. It's like um, like at a certain position. Yes, exactly like muscles will move basically all the time and yeah it's this neurological disorder and it sucks. But the thing that [ __ ] with me, the most like my biggest demon nowadays, is that it's in my head. So I can't really and and I'm good at like hiding it and it's not as bad as it could be, because it can be degenerative and that's what's. Scary is knowing that I can really be out here on some like [ __ ] up like shaking [ __ ] in the future, and that really scares me and there's options like I even try to take this medication, but it was like anti-seizure medication and it made me feel [ __, ] up and weird, and I was like I just can't. I only took like two half doses and I couldn't do it, but my biggest thing that scares me is acting because I love acting and I've been doing it recently from mocap with video games to this dope tv show with one of my acting idols joseph gordon-levitt who's, a friend of mine, and you know, movies and [ __ ] that I have already and I'm just scared, I'm not going to be able to stand without my like head kind of shaking- and I know this might sound stupid, but everybody's got problems. That's what I'm trying to say like everyone's got, something that they think about that bothers them and that that one's one that really sucks. But I like to be open about it, because I mean it's kind of like the fat guy calling himself fat before anybody else gets a chance to, because then you just air it out. You put it in the room and then it's like hey okay, say whatever you want now so yeah. So you say it moved up to your head where it wasn't there before, and you mean by that just that your head kind of tremors a little bit yeah. It was like um. Sometimes I know it's not, but sometimes I wonder if it's a tick because, but I don't think it is, for example, um there's a there's, a yes motion and a no motion. The thing is when I'm moving and it's also like sensory. If I'm looking around and I'm slightly moving my head, you can't tell, but if I'm utterly still and standing up straight, my [ __ ] goes like this literally and I can't stop it. It's like [, __, ], crazy and there's there's a yes motion and a no motion and the yes motion is 100 uncontrollable like if I'm trying to like, I don't know, do something I don't know like fix my hair or something, and I'm I'm just giving you an example, and I need to be as still as possible or like get a haircut. I can't do it because I'm so focused it's called. I think it's like also a reaction tremor. So if you're trying to do something uh it can [ __ ] with you anyway, it's it's kind of a boring subject, but no I'm intrigued kind of interesting yeah, oh okay! Well, I have tourette's and ticks too, so I am interested by it. I mean no, I mean I'm I'm interested in in what's going on, does it hurt you physically? No, it's more emotionally honestly, and I know that sounds crazy. But it's like it's like this. It's like somebody like poking you because you notice it and it rips you. I think about it. A lot and my my therapist she's, like um, putting me through pain management and I'm like yeah, but there's no pain and she goes yeah, but there's emotional pain here and if you're constantly angry about it and upset about it- and I didn't realize I'm actually really really hard on myself. That's another thing in general, my my therapist she's, like you need to be nicer to yourself she's, like you're so hard on yourself, and I'm like. I was like what are you talking about. You know what I mean I'm like, but it's how you say: [ __ ] like, for example, a lot of people do this. I do it and then now I correct myself but I'll be like okay. Here's like a stupid, [, __, ] idea right. That in itself is being mean to yourself like here's, a stupid, [, __ ] idea that you're trying to downplay. So maybe it is a good idea, but if, if people don't like it, then it's okay, like bro, here's an idea! My idea is this: if somebody wants to [ __ ] on you cool, but don't [, __ ] on yourself man, you know, so those are little things that I'm learning to just be a better me and a happier happier me through therapy yeah. I have a similar thing where I have uh. I have tourette's, and so I've got all these facial, tics and stuff, and I I assumed that I could never really act either on in like a professional setting just because it's so distracting. So I probably just didn't even ever try to pursue that, but I have not noticed uh. I've not noticed the tremor but yeah my wife. She says it's more like something that only I really notice and most people don't notice it, but the reason that they don't notice. It is because I'm so good at hiding it. So you know like it's honestly, it's why I'm sitting in this chair. It's why I'm in this position right now, because I enjoy because at rest, that's the one thing that makes me feel good. I don't shake, but it's when I go for that action tremor or whatever when it. When I go to do an action, then it then it starts to shake. If you look at other interviews, I've done recently where I like had to sit on my couch and [ __ ]. I kind of move a lot and the reason I move is because I don't want to stay in one position or I'll. It's it's even as simple as like placing my the tip of my finger on my head and kind of moving it to the side and it'll stop it. So I'm always constantly moving or doing little things yeah. But this the crazy [ __ ] is it's like. I feel like penn teller, like I'm doing all these things that nobody knows are being done to like. Well, you know, do the magic of looking like a normal human being, and I'm not people used to say that to me like they go uh, I thought you just had really expressive eyebrows, I'm like nah, I'm [ __ ] up, but you know what's funny. Let me ask you this too, because some days I feel like it's better than others and with tourette's I've seen um, because I've seen like all your guys, videos, you know and I've noticed times where you it basically barely never even would happen in a video. Do you think personally that it comes with stress or is it random or or is it the more you think about it? The more happens. Personally, I'm curious. They said that straight sorry to interrupt. We gotta go to break what we gotta go to break. What is that a sound bite? It was a sound bad. I asked zach to use the bite but uh, but that is true. We gotta go to break let's. Let's you wanna break christian dude dan, just dan. Does this thing where he ruins conversations by saying we have to go to pray huh. I don't know how I feel about getting the sound bite on me. You've told me a million times to use it not on me on other people. No, I'm kidding what were we saying uh? Do you feel that you're you're your tics and your tourette's death, you [ __ ], there's times when it's been, I've noticed where it's almost not even there like yeah? Where were you I want to know? Where were you in your life when um, you know the ticks were less. What were you feeling were you was it even? It was I'm just curious, so um they say that that tourette's gets triggered by stress, because tourette's is a weird condition where it can come and go in severity, but it's it's an uncurable genetic uh issue, neurological issue and it first manifested when I was like eight or something like that. It was super weird. I think I I was at my uh like grandma, was getting remarried and one of the guests. There was like ticking out like doing this with his head, and I thought it looked cool and I started doing it, but my parent- and I that's the first time I remember actually doing a tick, but my parents say that they noticed it before me. The thing is, it runs in my family, so my mom was kind of like looking out for it already, but when I was really young, it was super bad. Like my parents took this home video of me in elementary school, when I was supposed to be standing up straight as davy crockett, I had like a musket, and I was doing this whole david crockett speech, but I was I was like twitching out so [ __, ], crazy I've gone back and watched that home video. I don't remember it being that bad, but it was brutal. Do you feel it when it happens? So the thing is that it's not involuntary with tourette's. It's like you, have an itch yeah and you have the this overwhelming burning need to do this thing so like if I'm sitting in a room, I can not tick, but it's like ignoring this really brutal uh desire to itch yourself scratch. Okay, wait hold on right now: okay, just just just try not to do it. Just stay, don't even talk. I just want to see how long yeah I can I mean you just did it? Oh, I did yeah, I didn't notice. I think it's cool though, like no, it's not gonna, be like yeah. This [ __ ] thing that plagues you is cool, but it's like. I think it's dope. I I think you're, like an advocate for it, I think you're, a very successful person um. I think you have a partner who's who's there for you and understand, and it lets people know like dude like dude. Not only do you live a normal life, you live an extraordinary life with this thing that a lot of people are self-conscious about and honestly, as I'm saying this, it makes me feel better about myself, like that's what you're doing so. Keep thank you. You know, I'm very fortunate, because I have a mild case. Some people have it really really really, but you do go through phases where sometimes it will get worse and uh yeah or you you'll have certain tics that even hurt you and you're like my neck just hurts all the time. I used to get headaches all the time, because I would shake my head like really violently or you throw it when you have like the yeah vocal but the one. Well so, but still that's a mild right because with people who have really bad tourettes, they're just screaming out obscenities and that's a really rare form of tourette's, only like two percent of people have it where they just like scream like they curse. They have this desire to like curse and stuff, but tourette's is characterized by having vocal tics as opposed to ocd, or something like that. So I'm always clearing my throat and going like stuff, like some people may notice that I do that, but um. I was really fortunate growing up to have like an unusually kind and supportive group of friends who didn't goof on me, for it that's dope, because I feel like you could easily get [ __ ] by a bunch of ruthless kids. You know, and my friends were just unusually accepting- I have to say looking back on it um they would go. Why are you doing that and I'm like I have this thing called tourette's and they'd be like oh cool and then they would never bring it up again. Yeah! That's pretty awesome! I was like what yeah looking back. I'm like wow, though that is extraordinary, so I've been I've been fortunate. You know in that regard my biggest thing wait. Do we have to take a break or something? Okay, let's take a break it enough, but it's not it's not a real way. Yeah. We can just say we're just gonna be like okay, we're cutting and then I'm gonna do the add later so here break. This may not look like much to you and stature, but what this little block of indestructible metal is is a wallet for the new world ridge wallet revolutionizing the wallet as we know it no longer do we need to walk around with giant costanzo wallace that, frankly, give you back problems that uh mess your posture up. When you sit down on them, it's it's just out of date. What do we need change for? What do we need all this crap for the ridge wallet money clip boom credit cards up to like 11, fit perfectly in there and slide right out. I use this, but I always show my credit card number, so everybody prohibits me from showing my actual one in my wallet. It's indestructible: you buy it once you own it for life. I'll, tell you what this metal that it's made of actually prevents. Uh digital thieves. There's people that scan your [ __ ] when they walk by you. They can't do that in this and they've got all these beautiful um models too. Look at you that one's sick, it's got a nice rose gold. It's like metallic! Oh, it's rose gold, I mean I'm just saying I don't know if that's what it's called, but it's got like a metallic rose. Finish yeah, it's real nice ridge wallet. I mean I don't know what to say it's a great wallet. We all love it. We all started. We got all got on the ridge, train and uh. We haven't looked back right zach. I love rage. Amazing product could not be happier with it and you're. Not just saying that. Are you absolutely not it's a game changer! Absolutely. How can they tell if you're just saying that or because you really love it? I really love this product yeah, but how can they tell you're not lying zach? I I. I can't express you enough how much I love this product? No but say it. So they do. They believe you, no I'm just kidding. Zach does use it all the time there's over 30, colors and styles. Actually, I want to pull it up because they're, really cool ridge, dot, com, slash, h3, that's right, rich dot, com, slash a tree! Look at all these beautiful colors ooh titanium, like I like my uh. Why is there a little zap corner? I got a little baby zach, oh he's small. Why can you not see? Does it matter? It doesn't really matter he's. Just there. Yeah I like seeing zach, makes me feel comfortable. Oh thank you! Camo uh, aluminum yeah, tiki, pink, it's rose gold you're right, it is yeah nice. Let me tell you about ridge. They've got thirty thousand five star reviews it's durable and lasts for a lifetime. Ridge team is so confident that you'll like it. You can test drive it for 45 days, and if you don't love it, you can send it back for a full refund. Wow. Here is the deal as well. You can get 10 percent off right now, with free, worldwide shipping and returns by going to ridge.com h3, that's ridge.com, h3 and use code. H3, hey ho ho ho ho, hey we're back. So just to end this with the one thing that really freaks me out. Talk shows because of this thing right it's like and that's sorry, that's! My in-laws dogs they're. Staying with us, oh um, yeah talk shows man like I for me, it's where you feel like you can't relax or that you have to stand a certain way or look a certain way, and then I'm like, oh, my god, I'm gonna like shake or freak out or whatever that's it, but I mean at the end of the day, dude [, __ ] it I feel, like you, should just uh. Let it shake just shake and bake shake it up. I mean look at uh. Who was it? Was it um? Was it liza minnelli? I think so right am I tripping. Does she have a shake? No liza minnelli's mom who's, liza, manelli's, mom, who's, the chick from wizard of oz, beauty, garland, judy garland? Yes, she had essential tremor. Oh so there you go! So that's why she was like that yeah. I guess anyway. I think the thing to do is just instead of feeling nervous and trying to hide it. Just [ __ ], let it just let it hang out, and you know it is what it is right. I mean the thing about my tourette's is, I could easily be like? Oh I'm never going to get in front of a camera, because I look like a freak and uh. I think people embrace it because I embrace it. I agree, I think I'm comfortable with it. That's why I talk about it, but I it's still it still personally ails me. So that's why I try to do the things that I can do where it doesn't shake, because I haven't reached a point where um because it like, I said it feels like someone's poking me. It feels like I, I notice it rips me from the moment my son yeah yeah. I see I've had that happen before, like very rarely I'll, feel like someone poked my neck and I'm like you know like that, yeah. Well, no, I mean like it's. I would like metaphorically poking me like, so it takes you out of the moment, though yeah yeah, because, like I'll be talking to my son or or I mean playing with my son or talking to my wife and then I'll just like my head, will start going like this, and then I realize it and I'm like what the [ __ ] and then everything we just talked about yeah. It's like that. But it's not that deep anyway. It is that deep, dude there you go yes, so um. How good are you at swaddling? I'm a swaddle master yeah. I thought it would be I'm pretty good. At a swaddle too. I was pretty good with swaddle man. I I did a good job um for those of you out there who don't know what we're talking about uh swaddling is when you basically take like a like a fat like a like a little blanket for a baby, and you um make them all nice and tight burrito yeah, you put it yeah, you make them a little burrito awesome and it's literally like doing a burrito. You flip it over. You were really good at it. I never got good at it. Somehow yeah same with britney britney was cool, my wife. She was all right, but dude our well. Our nurse is like the [ __ ] mask yeah of the swaddles. It's like it couldn't be out of it. Yeah there's like a straight jacket, so I was living in her shadow but doing my best- and I was just texting her because I told her to come, say hello she's, like I'm shy, is it on the podcast and I'm like [ __ ]. So it's all good, yeah I'd love to see them yeah! I don't know where bobby is because we um, we have his his aunt who's. Gonna start helping us take care of him a few days a week so that way um. You know my wife can because she paints now, which is really amazing, she's, a really good artist actually and just to have that time, because she's 21 too dude like she's, so young and and the thing is- she was very much so like like she didn't want help she didn't want. She wanted to do everything herself, which I get and she's like an amazing mom, but um I kind of was like yo like you deserve to have a life. You know what I mean like it's: okay, you're still a great mom go. Do some [ __ ]! You know whether it's like horseback riding and painting or just enjoying it like you deserve that throughout the week go. Do it so first at first, I feel, like we kind of I totally get that because at first especially on your first kid, it's just you don't understand. What's going on yeah and you just want to be there and experience the whole thing, yeah yeah, but now I don't even see theodore, I'm kidding everyone should be like this is the worst dad out of touch. I know it's funny, though, also how people will just take an obvious joke and really try to like oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so um. Why so you're out of la escape from la what was the name of that movie saw uh escape from escape from l.a miller. You got it well. What was the franchise from new york was the first one yeah, but what was the name? What was the franchise just the escape frame? They just escaped yeah [ __ ]. That was a bad escape saga, yeah yeah. So how has escape from la been for you? It's been great because I was never really an la guy and I didn't realize that until like 10 years of being in l.a, you had just recent or recently-ish moved to the house where we last saw you yeah two years and you were 20 2018 yeah. You were doing a lot of work on that house. Did it? Was it a bummer to like do all that work and then bounce wow? That's a great question. So for those of you out there who don't know what he's referring to exactly. I built this crazy theater for like 300 grand, and then I built a a home studio for a million dollars, whoa yeah. That was a nice studio. Oh my gosh, I loved it yeah. It's really amazing um, but where I am now is like way better um and I love it, and it is a little sad that I don't have that, but I think there's I'm just gonna like I don't know either build a studio or buy one or, but I also don't need it like. I'm still always gonna make music, even though I'm retired, like I love making. I love music like whether it's rap music or any kind. So I'm still going to do that and somehow you know I don't know I might just like andre 3000 it and like every once in a while, like drop a random song or do a feature or something like that because as far as albums and [ __ ], I'm done with that yeah did you you sold? Did you sell your house in l.a? Not yet I'm just fixing a few little things and then and then I'll and then I'll put it up yeah. I was wondering if you got like. I wonder: if you're getting gonna get your investment pack or you don't care, you just want to get it. I don't really care, but I think I'll be able to I'm definitely gonna make money on it for sure, because I improved it so much and whoever's gonna buy. It is definitely gonna, be an entertainer either film or music because of the studio and I'm just going to buy a studio, yeah crazy studio. So it's going to be worth it to that person, so yeah yeah it won't be like a loss or anything, but where you moved it's got to be the real estate. Uh cost. It's got to be way way way way way less right, yeah dude! I bought so my house that I'm in now is four stories, four levels and it's literally four times the size that that you guys saw that's crazy. Oh my god, it's crazy and it and it was for, like a million dollars less than I bought the other house for dude, it's crazy when you just step outside like new york or los angeles or these kind of cities- and it's did it blow your mind what you could get for that price, yeah dude yeah, you get so desensitized come here here we go. Come here come on here. Come neil right here, say: hello, hey hey! How are you guys? How are you good? How are you good congrats on being a new parent? I'm very camera shy. Yeah. Can you hear them? Oh? Can you hear it yeah? How was uh? How was how's being on mom? It's amazing! It's hard! It's hard! It's very hard, dude, the first six months because we're in like year 1.3 now the first six months is the most brutal for sure. It's really tough. It's stressful yeah, but I think now we're getting our routine down we're like creating a schedule. Yeah we have help. Help has been like my mom. Grandma has been a huge help, help I wouldn't have been able to do it without her for sure, but I mean I would have, but it would have been difficult: yeah yeah she's the bomb through the night, oh yeah, baby sleeps through the night. Oh that's good, yeah yeah! We got a night nurse that helped us sleep. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, you gotta get the knife good. Are you nervous yeah, I'm very camera shy. Can I keep talking to you or do you want to leave? Well, oh, I'm! I'm! Okay, okay, we're just talking as long as you're comfortable! No I'm, okay, we're very our privacy is very important. I love how I'm like come beyond this huge podcast with me, yeah yeah yeah. Well, our privacy is important, but we're buddies. So it's a little different. Well, how was the birth? It was. It's really cool to look back on yeah, because now I know this sounds weird, but now I know my pain did tolerance. Do the epidemic. Yeah like it was. I basically went all the way without I got the epidural like last time. Okay, literally like she got the epidural and then 15 minutes later. Oh, my god, really! No, I'm so glad I got it when I did because then I would have been doing it naturally, but yeah yeah. I know it's really cool to look back on and I love telling the story to friends and stuff yeah, because they're always like, I can't believe you gave. I have a audio journal that I've been doing for like really giant moments in my life, and I started with that. My buddy guy roz um he's uh he's got a podcast called how I built this and he basically was like yeah. You should create audio journals where you just record like these these moments, as they happen like like right after they happen, and then you'll have every single detail and that's one of them like I saw them like copper, water and [ __ ]. It was [ __, ] gnarly, oh yeah, like a few days after right, because you were like we have to remember this yeah. It was like three days but to me it was like really beautiful. I know like a lot of people honestly, like certain guys, I know, are like nah man. You don't want to see that [ __ ] dog and you don't wanna. It made me even more attracted to my wife personally, seeing like that and everything that happened. I loved it. I thought it was. I thought it was crazy. It was really funny, though, because my back was hurting. We have to talk about how I [ __ ]. My back up was he complaining about his back hurting yeah she's in bed and I'm like have no idea the pain. I was obviously joking when I was having like the worst contractions getting a needle stuck in my back he's like my back hurts like. I was doing it to make her be like hey, be like hey. Can I get some of that epidural yeah? One thing that was really cool is uh for the show. I told you about my buddy joe um. I was going over my lines and I had been going because like whenever I do something especially acting. I just go all in and I make it like. That's the biggest focus um. Obviously, besides my wife giving birth um, but while she was there in bed, we were like doing our lines back and forth together. Do you regret not getting the epidural earlier? Are you happy that you got it right up at the end? I'm happy. I did it at the end. I definitely could have gotten it earlier, but it was a pretty intense pain right before so. Like I said, I'm glad I did it when I did because then now I know I can go through that amount of pain and it's pretty cool yeah. Now I'm prepared for next baby, but but she has a good time how I felt too I felt like I my I feel. Like my whole life, I had a fear of giving birth like it just seemed to me, like the worst thing possible, yeah and um it just like yeah, it's painful, but it's fine like you can make it through it yeah. Definitely looking back at it. It's like wasn't terrible, yeah yeah. I could do that [ __ ]. I I don't want to do yeah, I'm doing oh, my god, you would die yeah! No, I would die. I don't try to hide it. I [ __ ] care. I wouldn't it's easy for me, but like yeah, I would be terrified to do that. Well, I don't know like when ila gave birth. I was holding her leg like what was your point of view bobby? I was holding her leg and uh looking, so you saw the whole thing yeah. I was [ __ ] there for everything dog. I saw a little alien pop out of there yeah it's really gnarly too, is I you imagine that it's this like cute little flesh-colored thing inside, but it's not it's all white. It looks like [, __, ], voldemort, and then it comes out and then it breathes, and then it looks like barney and it's all like blue, oh all, red purple and red and stuff. I just remember, I remember him coming out and his the top of his dome. Just looked like a meatball like all white and bumpy, it was crazy. I did one of those like like when the baby actually came out, one of those, oh because they took him out and then they they immediately bring them over to some table table to like clean them off and inspect them and make sure he's, breathing and stuff and you're like go be with him yeah, because I was like uh yeah. I didn't know what to do. It's like. Did you cut the cord weirdo? Doctors are immediately all around him and I was like go go be with him yeah, but anyway he held on to my fingers. It was dope. That's a vibe. Yeah birth birth was a gnarly experience and I got to pull him out too. He did watch me yeah, like he after his head and his shoulders were out. Oh oh, my gosh, that must have been so weird yeah. It was crazy. My doctor told me to do that and when she said that I was like what are you talking about? No, you do it yeah for him reach for him and I'm like okay. What was that like? Oh my god, what did that? I mean? What did that feel? What was that like for you well grabbing him? Obviously like feeling him, it was just like a big slime ball. Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah sounds so gross. No, no! It was crazy because it was my first time just touching. Him was weird because I'm just touching my belly for nine months, saying I'm touching him, but then I actually touch him and it's like that's. Where is he, where is he he's sleeping? Oh, don't wake his ass up yeah, it was. The crazy thing was first of all, ela's water didn't break until she was giving birth. So there was like a crazy water break moment and then um did you see the? What was it called the placenta come out? I didn't see it. Oh my god, we didn't, we didn't see it. I wish we got to see it. I saw it. It was the wildest [, __ ], really like alien stuff. They just take the umbilical cord and yank this organ out of her. This is crazy and they just remember feeling it, though I remember yeah. I remember feeling it too. Okay, now you're giving birth to the placenta. How long did you guys wait to [ __ ]? Do it again? Oh oh, we did it like two weeks. After do it again, oh well, ela so ela had like a hair. She got her vag torah. Sorry, we had to do some stitching and it took a couple. It took a little longer, I think than it should have. I don't know, I actually don't know they made it sound like I had just like one little tear, but then she was stitching me for like an hour dude. So I don't really know yeah that yeah theodore got you good on the way out, okay, yeah, but so actually I don't remember because eli healed kind of slow because of that yeah yeah, two weeks wow there you go yeah we weren't supposed to, but we did it anyway, then like we're at what did they tell you like a month yeah? They were like wait a month and then we went supposed to wait six weeks, oh six weeks, and then we were in the um in the doctor's office, and I was sitting there and the doctors talking and I was just like we had sex. Is it okay? She was like. Oh, yes, anyway, all right, give me a kiss. Are you guys? Are you guys planning another one? What's going on? We said we said that we wanted to have another one really quick, but we kind of think we want to chill for a little bit yeah enjoy it we're liking. The only child vibe right now, but I mean we'll, have another one: yeah we're still practicing a lot. Yeah you'll feel it. Okay, that's good yeah! I love you you're beautiful, so it's got that big old white girl, booty, [Music] [Laughter], all right. What's up um, you know. What's weird really quick are you? Are you taking contraceptive if you're not trying to have a kid? No she's? She wants to get like an iud or whatever, which kind of freaks me out, because I'm like what, if there's like a problem with it for a while yeah it does last for a while. No we're just you know! Well, we we don't use contraceptives and it's in god's hands. You know what I mean every time. Well now, since since theodore was born, yeah wow, that's crazy, because we kind of just go by that like first couple days after the period well, but the thing is that um, I think because of her age, you know what I mean she probably would get pregnant a lot, [ __ ] easier than ela. That's true, I'm! I think I'm much older right, like she's 21 yeah. How old are you 32 32.? Because the thing is when, when you're that age, you just breathe on someone and they get pregnant? True, that's how it happened. I was like hey yeah and then it happened. Um yo ela, so you're you're, you're um, our favorite of the h3s. Are you guys I'm kidding, but no but seriously we love you and uh. I should have talked about this. While my wife was here bro, we re-watch the videos all the time for your reaction because I feel, like I feel like ethan, is the best commentator. But the way you react to [ __ ] is hilarious or wait. Maybe it's the opposite. What I mean is like no yeah, you know you dude the fine bros bro like I'll, never forget when we do this all the time eli was like. I mean we already have an n-word. Do you know what I'm talking about wait? What was it about when they were? Like? You can't say: nazis they're like oh, you can't be throwing that word out there when we're doing the seinfeld reaction. Yeah right and I was like yeah because because I'm not sure if what I'm saying is like funny or not or if I shouldn't say it, so I'm always like yeah, so I said it like. I wasn't sure if I should say it, because I was like there's already an animal yeah right. I remember that line, but I don't remember the video I forget the [ __ ] we've made it. Is it the one where they make fun of seinfeld yeah? It's ridiculous! That's my favorite! That's the number one thing there's like shows that shouldn't that wouldn't be okay. Today we made a video about that yeah bro. Are you kidding it's like one of the best ones? Well, I could see myself wanting to make a video about that, because I'm very defensive about seinfeld. I don't have any tolerance for people that say they don't like seinfeld. I don't. I just don't accept that I don't get it either. It's like yeah. How do you not like curb you know what I mean like what what are you talking about? These are everyday. Clearly this is that's it's why I love the reason I love seinfeld is because, if you really notice I mean it's so genius everything they don't there's no like cell phone or this or like it's not things aren't like based on current [, __ ], it's um to me. It's like I watch it and it's something that could easily happen today. I yeah no. The guy was like you can't be throwing that word around these days and you just destroyed him. You were like what what do you mean? You were like you were like there's, uh, they're, new york, city, jews can't say the word nazi. It was crazy and I'm like dude like you're right. I didn't know that that was so funny. I didn't know that that was a thing. It really came as I didn't know it. I don't think it is by the way the soup nazi yeah watch, seinfeld, I mean come on so yeah. We honestly, we like we love watching your videos. You know we check every day wow before we go to bed to see if there's a new um. If there's a new video on youtube, there's not, I know I'll ruin the surprise. I know it's demanding though I get it well. For me, it was just really hard to find content to make for the main for the h3h3 productions channel, and I didn't want to just force it and like ultimately, when you, when you just force it, there are some people on youtube who do commentary that are really wholesome and nice, like um, drew there's. These guys drew goodman and danny gonzalez that make really good wholesome commentary, content that I like um and gus as well. But for me I just didn't, want to fall into this pit of becoming the cynical [ __ ] [ __ ] that just shits on everybody. But that's awesome like yeah, but it could be a point. I don't know yeah, but it's not. For me. It's not like you're, really that I don't think you're that I think you're. I think you're the voice in everyone's head who, like watches the bachelor or something like do you know what I mean like you're, the guy, but it's funny. It's like it's, it's joke, but so I don't I don't. I guess I don't like clowning on people that don't deserve it or who I feel don't deserve. Obviously that's subjective and I think a lot of of like a lot of my early career was making fun of these pranks and [ __ ], and these obvious, like scumbag low-life, [, __ ]. That just deserved to be said, the worst things about so that made it really easy to do my job in that sense. So then, was it hard to do skippy because he's just like so adorable and sweet hippies yeah, you know exactly but well. Skippy was okay because I feel like it wasn't a mean spirited video and it was really kind of funny subject matter, but it's more about, like maybe youtubers who everybody's [ __ ] on, and I just don't want to make a video about them. No, I don't think that I think, like reactionary videos like I've, I've seen your subreddit when I'd gone on when I first discovered you and a few years ago, and there was a lot of well after I met you guys. I don't think anybody even knows how we met. We should get into that, but um, a lot of your fans actually really have great ideas of stuff that you can commentate on that are even just as funny as like old 80s infomercials that are like really weird and like low-key white supremacist, [ __ ] on tv, like you know what I mean like yeah, well, yeah, it's it's just another problem was that it's so hard to know if, if it is good or not and then I'll shoot the video and then be like. Oh this sucks, and it's just so demoralizing- I don't know it's tough, I think you're. I think you're funny, and I also don't think you should ever force it and you should do what you want when you want how you want, and it doesn't matter what iron it kind of got to like just an overall negative thing where the process wasn't fun for us and then also there was a lot of criticism kind of like what you were feeling, I guess and yeah how you described that you just were done with it. You just totally don't want to make another album yeah. We just kind of got to that point with those videos yeah, but you've, also given people literally years and years and years of that plus variety in your videos. You don't owe nobody [ __ ], that's the funny thing I think is yes, we are servants as far as and being entertainers like we do owe something to the people but like to an extent. You know what I mean like. If you're not happy doing it, then don't do it. That's why how I feel about music, like making music um for cons like cons like mainstream consumption and [ __ ] like that, does not appeal me. I've been going back and forth if I should drop this free mixtape, where it's just me, rapping on a bunch of, like famous, beats that I love like we used to do back in the day that excites me. That makes me so excited to be like no. No one is in their right. Mind would even like review this, and if they do like cool whatever it doesn't matter, but it's not on spotify. It's not here, it's not there. It's going to be some [ __ ] dropbox link that I would like tweet out. Like that's that's awesome. I like the idea of free music yeah. I love the idea of just a dropbox link, yeah, it's not even on youtube or some [ __ ]. You know you guys remember how we met yeah. I didn't mean to interrupt you right, yeah justin's house. That was really funny because so justin he was telling me. I didn't know about your music and then justin was telling me that you were in rick and morty and he was telling me about your music and that's how I discovered you and then um. It was at his birthday party or something and I s and then and then I recognized you I don't remember there was also another well, we we got it from two angles. That was one and then mac was the other one. Where oh yeah we went. We went to one about that. We went through demarco what you didn't know about yeah exactly I cause we're friends with mac and he's like yo I'm going to this dude logic's concert. We saw you at the greek, oh yeah, and then he got he got [ __ ] faced uh. No, he told me that night because he was gonna, come hang out at my house afterwards, because we were in la and he was like sorry man, I puked all over my driveway. Oh my god. I guess I left before that. It was awesome. So we went. It was really fun because we went and we were just having a good time and uh. You were playing mario kart and [ __ ] right, yeah, yeah yeah. On stage I actually went. I I went 36-0 on that whole tour. We did like 36 shows and every night I invited either a fan or uh. You know a stagehand somebody who who's working on the show backstage I [ __ ] won every game. It's pretty good man. You might be ready for the pro circuit yeah totally, but I think when we came to the show, we never actually got to see you and then I think that was. I think that happened first and then we saw you at justin's house right and I was like yeah you're like who? Are you? Oh really? That's when how it happened. Oh yeah, you're right, yep 100, because I was actually single then, because I had just separated from my previous wife and then I was there and uh yeah. That was crazy. That was like one of the first times I would like. I had just kind of been out alone. Oh it was nice to be around people yeah. It was pretty cool, but you guys for sure were really sweet and I just remember being like who the [ __ ]. Are these people like they're, so nice, and then I yeah- and I thought you guys like- were just really cool and then I go home yeah. No for real. I thought you were so cool and then I go home and then I'm like. Oh my god. This is amazing, and I just like to do is watch your videos like that's so funny. Well, you make me want to make videos again. Yes, I want you know it's like it's so nice to know that people watch and enjoy it because, like I feel, I feel I can relate very much to your uh, your struggles as a creative, because I feel like we eq. We get a lot of there's so much expectations on the old me, and that knew me and people want me to do it this way and that way and yeah this video is not funny and that video is funny. I saw this comment. We made this video on uh the it was on the something virgin. What was it? Oh, that's skippy yeah, so they go. Someone commented like oh, the good old golden years, which I found so funny, because when we were making that video people were already [, __ ] on me for having changed and saying they missed our old videos bro. When I released my first album, it was this sucks. This is terrible. You sound like kendrick and drake and j cole and this and that this is not as good as your mixtapes and then I released my second album and people were like this is [ __ ] garbage. You did a whole album about space. This is nerd [, __ ]. Nobody gives a [ __ ] about this. You have no place in hip-hop. This is worse than your debut album. Then I did my third album and 1 800 was on it. Oh you sold out. This is garbage and then you fast forward now and people are like yo, your first and second album yeah and I'm just like and you're like. I wanted to die the whole time, yeah yeah exactly so it's funny because, like you're doing those things, thinking, you're not good enough and you're like trying to impress it's like really funny, but when it comes to videos too dude, like I'm sitting on so much music, like I'm sitting on I mean I have 10 000 plus songs right, but those are I, I would say, jordan or lebron shooting in the gym. Like you, there weren't cameras there. You know there's a [, __, ] ton of misses, there's also some really go good gold there um, but even now like the new music, like, I haven't actually written a song in a long time um, but I will I have this whole mixtape, basically that I'm sitting on- and I want to- I want to finish it for fun, and I just say this to say that it's kind of almost view it like that, where, if you do want to make videos, don't don't second-guess yourselves, you guys are really really really funny and at the end of the day it's like the last of us like I remember there was that whole everyone was like pissed off about the game. Do you remember that? No so there's this video game called last of us and very long story short. It's I love it. I [ __ ] love it and I thought it was amazing and people could be like. Oh well, because I'm in the game, I'm in the video game, but like that's, not why I like it if it was garbage I'd, be like yo. This sucks. Thanks for the check, you know what I mean but like so I'm not biased. In that sense, I'm it holds a place in my heart for sure. But I just say all this to say like there were people who were like [ __ ] on that game before it even came out and then still spent 60 dollars to play the game anyway, and it's like these people who say things about you me any anything when it comes to art they just they love you. They are obsessed with you. You know what I mean, and so for somebody to say these things you shouldn't let it affect how you create and it's funny, because only one stepping away and really being like [ __, ] y'all, I'm out of here. Did I personally realize that. So I say that to say that if you guys ever just woke up one day and was like yo, let's find some really funny. [ __ ] and react to it um, and you did that you also don't have to put it out. You could sit there and save it. You could [ __ ] do 20 videos just because you love it because it's a sunday afternoon and you have two hours free or whatever you know what I mean and you just kind of have a good time and just enjoy it. And then, if you ever want to release it, you kind of have that in the in the bag. So just do it for fun. I will say, though, like what you perceive as negative personally, if it is negative, if you sit there and go oh these videos, we're making are like mean: okay, cool. If that's how you feel about it, I personally never saw it that way. I almost saw it like a real life, fontano needle drop about like funny [ __ ], like you know this chick's in l, in love with an amusement park. What the [ __ ] is that, like that is hilarious, that's really really funny, and I think yeah. If you focused on that, unless, like you said any drama or youtube, [ __ ], like [ __, ]- that even though not to get into it, I don't want to get into it that keemstar, [, __ ] was hilarious. I thought it was funny. I thought it was hilarious. Yeah anyways super fun. What you love just do what you love man, [, __, ], all the life is so short like. I think it really is. I do fantasize about like sometimes I I swing back and forth. I fantasize about coming back and making a bunch of videos on h3, but then I just always hate it when I try why, because it's exhausting in what sense, the actual work or more so trying to please this fictional person in your head, that is the viewer before they even see it. I think I'm just always disappointed for the most part by why by the process and everything, but why um? Let's talk it out? No rush. I think I put so much. The thing on youtube is like it's. People really uh put a lot of content out and that's like a way to succeed on youtube. The thing is, I we tend to put a lot of work into our videos, but it doesn't necessarily show, and so I'll just put a video out and a lot of times. I'm not happy with it and I just see all the negativity and then the video doesn't do as well as I hoped, and I'm just like. Oh [ __ ] off, but none of that has to do with the art and it's the same thing I was going through like I, there was a time where I was looking at like travis scott and like a j cole like how many likes do they have on a post and this and that and all this other [ __ ], and it's like. Why am I looking at these other people that I [ __ ] with and respect and I'm comparing myself to them? You know and when you're thinking about like numbers like oh okay, this song's out, oh, but it only has 20 million, plays in a week or oh man like what the? What what 20 million plays, or this none of that [ __ ] it it's all [ __ ] dude, like you, have been conditioned and trained into believing that that's what matters and the funny thing is: there's a par a part of in time in your careers and mine, where it did matter you needed to to like put the asses in the seats, sell the tickets. Do the numbers in order to be successful, but you guys are already successful. You went from the young up-and-coming funny little secret, just like I did to this gigantic company, a walking [ __ ] brand, and because of that, there's all this pressure that you still have to be as good as the [ __ ] kid who plays minecraft and gets like 50 million views and one thing like nah, like you're in a completely separate thing and at the end of the day you should only be doing it for the love and that's why now, when I? If, if there's a, I do twitch or if I post something on instagram or this or that bro you don't even want to know the level of separation. The six degrees of separation tell me that I've created. So if you want to post on instagram what happened, if I want to post on instagram, there is an email thread with seven people on it. I'm not even joking. Everyone has a job and they double check, spelling the caption. Do you want it on the main instagram? Do you want it on your story? Do you also want it on twitter? Should we post this on facebook, whatever the case may be, I'm like. I don't give a [ __ ] right, I'm like just post the [ __ ], like I don't care and then I'm like, don't tell don't. I don't want to see comments. Don't talk to me about comments. Don't this! Don't that none of that [, __ ]! I just want to know that I'm at least giving my fans something because I appreciate them, and I love them. So I don't know. Here's me eating spaghetti or something it's just like. Like enjoy this now, there's that but [ __ ] twitch, I don't I barely. Sometimes I look in in the chat because it is positive. It's really not that yeah when you're on sub only it's pretty good yeah, but it's also on uh, like the slow, where you can't type, but even that it's like. So what I have to do is I my buddy justin he's right next to me right now and he'll go through my twitter and he'll go through the the sub chat and screenshot and send those shots to my phone, where I don't have uh instagram, twitter reddit, anything, nothing is there and he'll personally send me those and then I have to go through and select which ones that I want to see. So this also is like I don't have to hear things like: oh you're, a blah blah blah, and all these like mean spirited things that people will can say, especially on twitter and the reason I love. This is because it kind of encapsulates positivity in the sense of if I'm not seeing the negativity. It's not going to affect me, and all I can do is is be happy when giving that content to the fans. So it's really crazy to think about that, though, because when I first started, it's like I was able to literally just be on my phone and talk to people and have a conversation yeah and now, when you have people like I like towards the end of the, why I got off social media. It's because I would talk to a fan and be like hey. I love you so much, and then somebody would like drop the f word, whatever the [ __ ], you know what I mean just like say these really mean things I mean I I used to tweet out every day, not that I it's not like. I don't do this because of that. I just now people know, but like peace, love and positivity, that's literally my slogan, that's my thing and I would have so many people comment back war, hate and negativity what and they say that yeah gnarly, I just said it yeah. I wouldn't be surprised, though um has your perspective. Changed along the whole uh love peace positivity because it used to be like, I think, like you were touching on, there was a kind of an aspect of forced positivity when you were in front of a camera or when you were talking about yourself. Pretending, like things were all good. Do you think that your perspective on that has changed at all? No, I'm still a big advocate. I think I think I just wanted to be a driving force to do everything that I could to put that out there. Even on my own dark days. You know what I mean, so it never felt fake or uh like it wasn't from the heart. It always was, and I think that's why, when I was down you know in the gutter or going through what I was going through personally, I pushed it even more because I knew that if I needed to hear that someone else out there needed to hear it. So I would I would really push that, not that I don't anymore. I totally do it's like my thing, but I kind of like it's like biracial like we get it like. I mean, like everyone knows who I am like. They know my thing, so it's not that deep, like um but yeah, that was that was hard. Dude like the hardest my life has ever been was when I was rich and famous, and this is a from a kid who was broke on hoc welfare, food stamps parents on drugs. You know I've been kidnapped, uh physically beaten, um yeah, it's just the gnarlyish gnarly. That said it again. The gnarliest [ __ ] has happened to me in my life and it does not compare to what I went through as a as a famous wealthy person, which is so stupid um, but it's crazy. Actually, I think it was more isolated. I was able to deal with it. I never questioned my race or who I was everybody knew who I was. You know what I mean. It's like you said with your tick like oh yeah, I have tourette's everyone's like cool they're. You know they're like oh, what's up white boy and I'm like oh no. This is my dad and they're like oh you're, a brother, okay cool. That's it like that. Was it was it wasn't a thing you know um, which is which is pretty crazy? I'm writing my autobiography right now. Oh wow yeah, it's [, __ ] insane dude like the things that would be interesting, yeah, yeah yeah. Would you say I said that would be an interesting read for sure. Oh man, yeah I'll, send you guys I'll, send it to you um early, but it's like I'm in it, I'm in the thick of it. I'm still in my childhood and we've been working on it for like six months so and yeah. I know it's it's insane and I and that you want to talk about uh, imposter syndrome. Like I read this and I'm like there's no way I was cooking crack as a teenager on a stove. What are you talking about? You know what I mean I'm like there's no way I was holding guns and pounds of marijuana at 11 years old in tacoma park in southeast dc in the [ __ ] hood running from the police no way, and then I'm like yeah. I mean I I've. Never I've, never uh! I don't you know my life is not fallacy, you know it's. Just I've always been honest and and that's what's that's actually really weird thinking about that [ __ ], like I can't believe it. I literally can't believe you look at me. You know I got my glasses and peace love and all this yeah you definitely I don't. You don't strike me as a crack dealer, but I do think that I never dealt the crack. That was my the crap okay, but I did cook you're the chef, I'm the I'm, the rayquan baby. So I do think it's interesting though, because you s you strike, you strike me as a very wholesome kind of guy and I think it's an interesting statement on just being the victim of circumstance and doing [ __ ] to survive, but, like you know, I think people tend to look at people like that as just bad people, but it. But I think when you separate someone from the circumstance of the birth and this need to fight to survive, you can really see people like. I see you as so much different than how I would have seen you as a person back then yeah, it's funny, um drake, just came out with this song. Um forget what the [ __ ]. It's called, I think a little dirk's on it now cry later: yeah god, damn turn your mic down again, but uh yeah yeah. It sounds like the voice of god uh, but yeah drake has some line on it about never being embraced. I was like damn like if he feels still like he's not embraced by hip-hop and he's like that's true. Drake is a lot of [ __ ] I mean it's true. He does he he does and- and the funny thing is is when I look at my life, you know surrounded by drugs, parents addicted to drugs, you know seeing gang violence and prostitution and you know police all the time, eviction letters being homeless. It's like I am the poster child for the underdog that made it. You know what I mean, and yet I think, based on how I carry myself, how I speak the things I'm interested in like manga and [ __, ] sci-fi and all this other [ __ ]. That's a big part of why I wasn't accepted but like who is accepted like the [ __ ], on the block, shooting the tech, nine talking about. I'm gonna [, __ ] kill the baby in this [ __ ] stomach and a drive-by, and, like you know what I mean like you know: okay, like what is that? What is that you know like it's not about? I think that negativity and that's when I realized stepping away from hip-hop that I had always been accepted by hip-hop. For sure I mean I have songs with wu-tang clan and I'm texting eric about do and I'm talking to the rizza and about this and that and me and dj premier are [ __, ] hanging out and joking and clowning each other, and you know what I mean big, daddy kane I mean I could go on and on with these legends that I've met. That just show me so much respect and I'm like these are the people I love and appreciate, and they've always embraced me. I think it's this, like concept of uh, you know like I remember. The source magazine gave eminem like one mic or something out of five mics. That was like the thing back then, and it was like he was pissed off and rightfully so. His albums were really amazing, especially back then in that time um, but that acceptance in a culture. When you look at a lot of the people who are accepted, it's almost like how long do they even really last right? That's what's funny in that in that circle um, but I love hip-hop and I've always loved hip-hop, and it's just was a weird thing to kind of hear. Drake say that and I'm like no one is immune to it. You know I've had some I've had some thug rapping gangsta, [, __ ] call my phone and be like bro. I don't live this life at all. Like sure I wa there was a time when I was around it, but I I never shot nobody. I've never, but I feel like I need to perpetuate this lifestyle on the record so that I can sell records and that if I don't then I'm just gonna be a nobody. But I also feel like the fact that I'm wrapping these things are bringing that negative energy towards me and all this [ __ ] and I'm like man, I'm so glad, I'm rapping about like cowboy bebop and [ __ ] right now, like it's, it's a crazy place. Man, a lot of it is, is fake. You know, and it's just like a fake extra background and a lot of it is real um. You know. J cole j cole is like that's like my brother man, that dude is so honest and so real with what he talks about and he's never really put on a front. I mean besides like his mixtapes, where he's kind of like I mean we all do it. Where he's like yeah, I got this [ __ ] and she bad and blah blah blah and it's like. But that's that's the big l like I don't know if you guys ever listen to big l or even reasonable doubt era jay-z like there's something about braggadocio in hip-hop that it's just like systemic. Like I do, yeah everyone. Does it [ __ ] want to [ __ ] me, but I'm I'm reading anime instead, like that, I'm just it's something: it's really weird anyways. Why is it that you think? What is it about this? That people need to front like they're, killing people and selling drugs and all this [ __ ]? You know what I mean um. Well, here's the thing right. If you take somebody like two chains or um different people, who've actually done this at the end of the day, they're they're still rapping about their lives, so um it. It is bittersweet because I don't [ __ ] with like negativity or um, promoting [, __ ] gang violence or any of that other [ __ ]. But it also is a way of life. You know. So if that's all you know is compton and the street or whatever the case may be, and a family that embraced. You, regardless of literally what the color of their flag, might be uh more than your own [ __, ] parents. You know that either weren't there for you or you were a crack baby and nobody ever gave a [ __ ] about you and then you're 11, and you join a gang of people who really actually do become your family now, even though they might be involved in some illicit [, __ ] or whatever. It's like. This is low-key. What like white america doesn't understand like they don't understand that this is what you were born into and it's all you know, and you never even really have an opportunity. There are a lot of people in the hood who are super, woke, educated, doing great things, not everyone's a [ __ ] criminal. That's like [, __, ], racist view um, but when I do hear some of these rappers rap about that, particularly the young kids they're, really doing that. If you listen to mob deep, you know prodigy, I'm only 19, but my mind is older, like this, dude was 19 years old in queens selling drugs. Like you know, nas was doing the same thing and but nas was also studying the dictionary and the thesaurus and and and doing what he could to tell the story of of his hood um in a beautifully art, articulate way and then, through that he rose above it and kind of got out of that mind you he still visits and takes care of his people and his brother and all that other [ __ ]. So I think, like any young person that I hear kind of perpetuating the gang violence there's a part of me, that's like a little saddened, but at the same time it's like talk. Your [ __ ] black man like that. That is what you know. Don't try to don't try to act like that's, not the [ __ ] life you were born into like you were born into that and now you're blessed enough to be here I mean why do you think rappers buy chains doug, because it's a it's a? It shows that you made it right and even though it's kind of might seem like ignorant to an outside source or whatever it's like. That's all they ever had and that's all they ever knew and the people that they looked up to wore those chains and did those things. And then I think it takes a very strong uh man to make it out of that, while truly educating himself and understanding. So like me, personally, I didn't buy a bunch of chains. I didn't buy a bunch of [ __ ]. I didn't buy rolex until I was 28 years old and going to the grammys and I was like- and I wanted one my whole life and had been able to afford it for six years up until that point, and for me I think, allowing there's just a lot. It's man, it's very difficult when, when trying to discuss this because putting down a rapper for rapping about his life is kind of [, __ ], you know, especially when they're so young, but I think if you're 30 something years old. Talking about. Oh my cue, you [, __ ], I'm gonna put a bullet in you. It's kind of like damn man. You've been you've been in the rap game for like five years and then that's when I get those calls by certain people like that who are like yo. I don't live this life anymore, but I and then so you find that they themselves are torn. I have a song on my last album. Oh, what were we going to say nothing like just kind of stuck in a rut like music, almost artistically, where they have this style and then they're kind of stuck in it 100 yeah um. I have this song called cocaine on my last album that I did before this one and it goes uh. The hook is: cocaine, cocaine, cocaine, cocaine, molly percocet, my rep move up like a dolly. If I talk about this [ __ ], more often, probably so, what I was doing is it was kind of like a social experiment, and I was doing these things called freestyle fridays, where every friday on instagram, I would release like a 60-second snippet, and so that's what I did: cocaine, cocaine, cocaine, cocaine, molly percocet, my rep move up right and then it goes into the verse and the verse is uh [ __ ]. How does it go? Do you know how it goes? Justin I forget. Oh, I ain't, never [ __ ] with no sneak dis, best basket off my dick boy. You better, not repeat this cocaine. Would I flip jump in the whip cannot compete with a real og. Like me, you know I get that dough like deep dish got the party jumping in atlanta, like I'm freaknik got the party jumping in atlanta. Like I'm donald glover, I don't want no good girl. I only want a freak [ __ ], a [ __ ] without a rubber, like I'm saying all this like really [ __ ] up [, __ ] right now. The cool thing is: is it's wrapped from two perspectives? It's wrapped from the perspective of a cocaine drug dealer, and it's also wrapped from the perspective of cocaine itself. As if cocaine is telling the story, I only [ __ ], a [ __ ] raw, like you know what I mean, because it's like raw, like your nose and all this other stuff. So I put that out and for the most part people were like. This is amazing, like this is crazy like and then you had some people who were like logic, what the [ __ ] you talking about like this. Isn't you this isn't whatever right and then on the album. The second verse came up, and the second verse is the perspective of that rapper who's rapping. As this drug dealing guy, basically saying um what the [ __ ] are the lyrics. I forget the goddamn lyrics. No, it's like really important. I'm gonna! Look it up for you because sorry I got so much [ __ ] in my hand, yeah. I don't play anymore um logic, lyrics one second, because it's very okay! Here we go. I got him damn! That's so weird! I can just lift up your own head yeah. I know um uh, I don't so so. I'm going to read this to you. I never [ __ ], with no sneak diss best get off my dick boy. You better, not repeat this cocaine. Would I flip jump into whip, cannot compete with a real og. Like me, you know I get that dough like deep dish got the party jumping in atlanta like I'm freaking. It got the party jumping in atlanta. Like I'm donald glover, I don't want no good girl, I'm thinking. I need a freak [ __ ]. I don't want. No good girl cause your boy. He ain't, no lover, [ __ ] her with no rubber. Then I bounce back smoking on some [ __ ], so good. I can't even pronounce that shawty drop it low and make it bounce back smoking on some [, __ ], so good. I can't even pronounce now it's cocaine, cocaine, cocaine, cocaine, molly second verse. I don't really want to glorify it, but the streets glorify it. So I gotta glorify it before the people throw a riot. If I don't talk about it on my album, then they won't buy it. Man, [ __, ], that listen up quiet. They want to see a black man fall down. They want to see a black man lose, they want to see a black man fall down. They want to see uh, they want more blacks to sing the blues, and then I repeat, this um bank don't want to give me a loan for my house. That's why I sell bricks of cocaine by the gas station. Never had a foundation white man's stripped it from my people on the plantation hope somebody praying for all the salvations. Even though this is the dialogue inside of my brain, I'm filled with pain, but I just can't seem to refrain from cocaine, cocaine, cocaine, cocaine, molly. Now, here's what's really funny about the internet is that I've seen a lot of people say that I ruined the song with the second verse that when the album came out- and they heard the second the second verse- oh, he ruined the whole song. So it's funny to think that me what I was doing more as a social experiment, which is really what confessions of a date it's what that whole album is. It was like an experiment to see what would happen if I just made the most ignorant, [ __ ] and had fun with it, but anyway, it's funny that that first verse is [, __, ] and [ __ ] and drugs, and all this [ __ ] and then the second verse is what that person rapping right. This fictional rap character that actually exists in the world is saying. I don't want to do this. I don't want to talk about this. You know they want. They want to [ __ ] tear the black man down. They want to paint us as this and this and that and that by me saying that real stories, whether it's my brothers other rappers I've, come into contact with who have told me these things and how they felt and and me witnessing it, tear them apart, ruin the song yeah, that's odd, exactly, I think the message of not you know: uh one, judging a book by its color, but also of a strong man in general, but a strong black man wanting to stop that uh negativity and turn his own life around ruin, the song. I thought that was funny personally, some people must have liked it, though I hope yeah I mean those are the same people in the arena that were screaming in every lyric community, because, because that that's more real right, I feel, like that's, probably probably more relatable to to who that person might might be in real life, because I mean I've had a conversation with that person who was like good job. This is exactly how I felt yeah I mean what would you say as someone who came out of kind of that poverty and despair out of the hood and has totally kind of I don't want to say escaped it? How would you describe it? I mean you made it. You made it out right, like from the outside, looking in now kind of like what can we do to like help that situation to make it better, because it seems it definitely is like a tale of two worlds here. It feels like uh in a lot of cities or even in the country itself, where there's like white america, as you described it just, doesn't understand and can't really understand what is it like to grow up in a hood, and I think that's where a lot of prejudice and racial racism stems from is because you can't, you can't understand what it's like to grow up there and then, and then you, you judge these people based on the based on your upbringing, right yeah. I think it's [ __ ]. I think it's systemic racism and it's um- it's just how it is it's like these are people who aren't necessarily as educated as they could possibly be because of their school districts and systems and the lack of funds, and I mean [, __ ]. I was yeah. My school system utterly failed me, like nobody told me I could be whatever I wanted to be or do whatever I wanted, because they tell you that as a child, they say shoot for the dreams, be you know, shoot for your dreams, be whatever you want. Do this the stars, all this other [ __ ], then you do it and they caught. They say it's unrealistic. You know what I mean and um. It's really sad when you see such incredibly smart young people um. You know that are not given the same opportunities that yeah, like some rich white kid growing up in a good you know, county or suburb or whatever um is receiving at the same time. It's not that kid's fault. You know what I mean that that he's has a good education, and you know his parents, or whatever it's really about the country, not to get all crazy political and all this [ __ ]. But it's like it's about how things have been set up and how certain people of color are just not given the upper hand at [, __ ] all, and it's a really sad thing to see. But that's why it's always. It's also really beautiful. When you see these amazing people make it out, and I don't mean rappers and I don't mean actors, I mean doctors and lawyers and uh. You know people who are the real heroes who make a difference and make a change and and make it in their community dude that [ __ ] is like so beautiful, and I think it's amazing. But I can't even really talk too much about this because it's like, I don't know how the [ __ ] to fix it. Bro talk to killer mike yoshi yo, you guys ever interviewed mike. No, but I don't know we would love to yeah I'll check I'll text him for you. That'd be an awesome conversation yeah he's the [ __ ] man, dog, he's so cool. I think I feel like a lot of people. Don't understand systemic racism like for me. There's one easy way: it's not even maybe this doesn't prove racism as much as like classism, when you say local property, tax funds, schools. So when you're in a poor neighborhood where the medium house value is eighty thousand dollars, yeah you're going to get so much less money than in a nice neighborhood where the medium house is a million dollars. I mean there, you go just a loan. You're gonna get 10 times more money so that that that's [ __ ] up like when you, when you just think like poor neighborhood, should these kids should be entitled to receive just as good of an education as rich people, otherwise you're just going to perpetuate the issue of of of class yeah class is a big big part of it right. It isn't necessarily just just race: it's not the black and the white card, it's glass! But let's just come on doug like look, okay, sure, yeah, yeah yeah! No, I mean well when you and another thing is like when, when you're coming off the back of 150 years of slavery, of not having nothing it take and then and then another 100 years of state sponsored racism in the form of like jim crow. It's like dude, you don't just you don't just accumul, accumulate wealth and equality, yeah 100! That's why that's why I have that speech at the end of my album from orson welles from 1946, which still love so relevant today, yeah man like um. I agree- and I think you know it's good to talk about, but it's another thing to really like. I think it's cool that you know you've educated yourself. I saw that one video that you did about how you were quite ignorant to what was going on um and you were you were you were telling the story, how you had gotten pulled over oh [, __, ] and all that you're freaking out and that's that's real. I think a lot of people uh white people are are actually just very ignorant to what is going on and they don't understand it. They literally don't get it because you know um, I think more and more now uh with people speaking out um, it's it's great and I've. Even you know, I've seen it in a weird way. I remember when uh I remember when uh the black lives matter really like exploded the movement, and I it was a very beautiful thing. I then had people being like. Why aren't you hashtagging black lives matter and like even having like little white kids like be like? Oh, what are you not black enough you're not doing this, and I felt it was like really crazy and I called killer mike because I was like bro, I'm actually making an album about all this, that's going on in the world right now. This is for the album everybody- and I was like I'm I'm really talking about this, but I don't want to feel like I have to hashtag some [ __ ]. I want to make an album so that it's going to live forever and it- and I just say this to say that it's like I see I have seen on the internet, where it kind of is also like a fad where it's like the cool thing to do, I'm just being real, like it's the cool thing to like hashtag this. If you're like this white, suburban kid who has no [ __ ] idea what's going on, but then they're not actually doing anything about it, and I have that where I've said uh yeah, I think yeah on hit my line. People on twitter, bitchin, uh, evil, politicians, people on twitter, [, __, ] and hashtag it, but in real life they never pitch in, and it's like that. That's one thing: that's like! Okay, it's cool all right! You know these, like young kids, that are aware because they watch a video and that's amazing, but like what the [ __ ]. Are you really like doing, though? And it's I don't mean you gotta, you know you don't have to go out and march on washington and [ __ ], but like to actually in your own life. Like change, your your perception of how you view people of color and- and you deal with that- I think I think it's really important, but I think it is happening too. Hopefully I don't sound like an idiot, I'm just kind of no you don't know. No. Your point is really valid. I think I think it's it's probably good, at least that it's even fashionable, but I think you're right that a lot of people. You know it's fun, howard stern. I know it's it's to reference another show, but he always has a really good anecdote about. He grew up in new york and amongst super liberal people that were always all pro-black rights and equality and stuff, but he said they were the first people when a black family would move into the neighborhood that they were the first people to bounce in the middle of the night, because the black family brought the property value down. So I thought that was always an interesting insight that he was like yeah. You can, you could say you're liberal and say all all this [ __ ], but when it comes down to it, they're the first people out of that neighborhood yeah, it's pretty crazy man times have time times are changing and there's been yeah. There's it's funny because, yes has there been progress, a hundred [ __ ] percent, but it's like progress dog like how are we even in a world where, like racism, I can't believe it it's, but there's a part of me that just believes change, 100 can happen. Major major change is happening. Has happened will continue to happen, but it's going to be a fight forever like when you have light. You have darkness, you know where you have good, you have evil and um, and it's it's going to be a long fight man, but I'm here to I'm here to fight and and help. However, I can- and I know you guys are too and that's- or we wouldn't be talking about this right now and that's very important, but yeah do you have any reoccurring, dreams yeah? Actually, recently I had a dream uh. I had a dream about call of duty. I was because I wasn't playing a lot of call of duty and then I had this weird dream about jake paul, oh really yeah and I had it like twice and I forget what was happening. He was in jail and uh, something about like playing chess or something. It was really weird. The reason why that happened is because I'd never watched a jake paul youtube, video in my life- and I was like oh man- maybe it'd- be kind of funny, because I think it wasn't something happening. He just got raided or something right by that I was watching your podcast and I was like oh [, __ ], jake paul got raided, that's crazy! All right! So then I like saw that and I just kind of like looked into it and I was like let me like I've, never seen this dude's videos ever so let me go look at them and they're just hilarious. It's like softcore porn, oh yeah, yeah yeah. I mean also I'm not like a hater. You know whatever I don't know like I'm just it just was like kind of funny, and then I saw this music video. He did um and he he actually can rap. That's what's actually it's funny. He can rap um, but it's like hilarious. You know I'm not trying to shoot on jake paul. I don't know this. Guy yeah I mean I'm just saying it's. Every day, bro was his breakout uh debut some of the greatest rapping in the world. It's everyday bro! Oh, that was that's what it is. No, I don't know. I just saw this recent one with like a bunch of fast cars, yeah yeah. It was called girls straight out of london. I believe yeah something and then I don't know anyway. I just thought it was funny, but I just because I wanted to do my my research for once on this guy, because I heard about him, so I was just watching all this and it's yeah he's just got like all these girls and everything's like click bait. But the weird thing, though, is like that: dude does put a lot of at least I think so effort into his videos, because you can see it's like watching a reality. Television show like it really feels like yeah. I obviously scripted and all this like he puts a lot of effort into it. So I was like sitting there watching it and I was like okay, I'm [ __ ] done and then I go to sleep and I'm like no, you were there yeah. No, it was. It was cool. It was. It was like entertaining but yeah those those guys work, hard. There's! No doubt you can say what you want about them, but they do work hard for sure. Are you? Are you bummed out that you can't uh tour? Your new album? Are you kind of really? No? I was I took off. That's the funny thing about this uh is. I took off this whole year. I wasn't gonna, you were gonna, do it anyway, yeah with uh with my son and my my wife, so I wasn't gonna do it anyway and then, even when I do tour again, though it's gonna be very different. I'm not gonna. Do this big eventually excuse me down the road I will, but the next tour I do is going to be smaller venues and by small I mean, like I, don't know three to five thousand people instead of [ __, ], 22, 000 people and it's to be me a dj and a [ __ ] microphone and like some cheap background, I want to just rap. I just want to just go out on stage and spit poems and interact. I'm literally going to let people know like if you want to come. See me on tour. It's not like hey baby. You want to go to logic, concert and pop molly and look at all the lights, like that's not happening like you're, going to come out there and appreciate the music, and that's just what I'm on man. I've just changed my whole. My whole vibe, like I made my money, I had fun you're a dad, no yeah. I I really am like what am I. I love dad bod by the way that song rips dead thanks. That was a fun one that was one of the last songs that and then dark place where the last I love both of these. Thank you. Thank you so much how how um? How true is dark place, because the some of the lines there are pretty are pretty dark for lack of a better word. Is it reflective of? Is it maybe an older version of yourself, or do you still find yourself in in the proverbial dark place? I think that was the la it was like the it was like frieza's form before his final form before, like gold freezing. That was like me, uh at the cusp of like creating this album and then kind of in the beginning of the album where I was and then by the end of the album. I wasn't there and I think that's why I could write that song and that was originally going to be on that free mixtape. I was working on it wasn't even on that beat it was on like somebody else's beat and uh, and then I ended up making and my friends were like dude. You have to put this on the album and I was like no it's too, like it's too vulnerable. It's too like for the math, it's like it's too yeah. I was like it's I feel like I'm whining, I feel like I sound like and me too. I really I'm glad I put it on so yeah. It was literally the last record that we that we had made and um I didn't it wasn't like I was clearing. I literally was turning in the album and then everyone was like dude, it's just so good. You got to put it on my boy schwei, my engineer, everybody was like do it, so I did that and yeah. Those lyrics are very. They were very true at a time, but not not not now um and but once again, I'm not impervious to um. You know human emotion and all the [ __ ] that I talk about in that song. Sure we all I'm going to always feel that way about certain things in my life um, but when it comes to rap and acceptance and all this race, [, __ ] and all this I've really let it go as much as you can. As my you know, if I hear tomorrow that somebody's talking [ __ ] about me that I've never met or shook their hand, I might be like wow that sucks, but I'm also not gonna, let it like keep me up like it used to you know. Um did you know going into this album that it would be your last like kind of your retirement, or was there a specific moment when you're like uh [, __ ], I'm done with this [ __ ]? Was it kind of just a vibe that you were I've wanted I've wanted to quit for, like five years, there's been a part of me that wanted to quit. There's a difference between, I think quitting and me then retiring. I wanted to quit from lack of feeling accepted, or this or all the [, __ ] and the drama and the you know, exhaustion and the touring and the money and the decimals, and you know doing [ __ ], because other people are in your pocket and that is that and all the [ __ ], like that made me just want to be like [ __ ], you, like [, __ ], this um I've wanted to make this album for a while. So it's actually a loaded answer. It's really amazing, though, because that you asked that question so I've wanted to make this album for years there's another album that I had been hinting and alluding to called ultra 85, which is like, if, if you have under pressure, which is my debut and then you have the incredible true story, the album about space. I was always in my head, like okay, I'm going to do no pressure and then I'm going to do ultra 85, which is the is basically the mirror of those later 10 years later or whatever, and while I was in the beginning of making this probably like four months in um, I realized that the only reason I wanted to do ult ultra 85 is because oh look at the duggar alfredo alfredo alfredo it's because I wanted, I guess to please my fans, because I had kind of uh teased this ultra 85 album and it's gonna, be my last album and all the [ __ ], and while I was making this album, I was like this. Is it this feels good to me. This is this feels like what ultra 85 would have been. So I'm just gonna name it no pressure, and this is gonna, be it like. I yeah I just don't. I have no there's nothing inside of me. That wants to subject myself to the form of rap entertainment, anymore. You've got to be at least a little relieved that that people like it, oh bro, [, __, ], amazing. It does it's: it's yeah, it's gotta feel [ __, ] good. It feels great because for so long but here's here's why it's so cool after going through what I did with my last album, where it was like overly hated and yet so uh well-received uh as far as like mainstream and numbers, and all that right. If I hadn't gone through that feeling of like everyone, hating me, the reception was brutal man, yeah yeah it was then I wouldn't have been able to love myself, because I was looking for love and acceptance in others to fulfill the void that was there and when that album wasn't received. How I hoped it would have been received, mind you for me, I was just like I'm just making [ __ ] like troll turn up music like loki. You know what I mean, but after it was received that way. Yeah I spent a year and a half almost two years, looking inside what really matters to to me um and not about the even the kind of music, because it just further proves that I could always make this music and that I have already made this music. I did four mixtapes two albums three albums, whatever all this [ __ ] before getting to this point, where, like logic, wasn't cool anymore or whatever, the [ __ ], because he's not making the music for the people anymore, and so I didn't make this album. It's not a spite album. I wasn't like oh I'm going to prove everyone wrong. I was like oh, I feel like doing this now. I I feel like actually just I mean there's only five hooks on the whole album there's 15 tracks. There's it's just a open journal. It's just bars on bars on bars on bars. It isn't the structure, like hook, verse, eight bar bridge this, which I've done it has been successful. I was like this is literally just poetry and it's funny that I do. I did it and then everyone's like he's back like this is it this is amazing, but it's like I didn't go anywhere, all those lyrics, all those raps. All those things were a part of me, but I was just doing other things. I was trying to do other things, so I wasn't in a box, but did it feel good? Yes, and the reason I say all this is I wasn't on the internet at all. I didn't know what the [ __ ]. Anybody was saying about me. I didn't know how it was being received right at all, and then you know my manager. People are like yo, it's kind of going, it's gonna go and we did you know 200, almost 225 or whatever the [ __ ] thousand units in the first week, which is also amazing, but that's not why I did it, you know, but it just it. It feels really good to know that I I did something for my heart and then it was also so you know well received by the people. But the funny thing is: is I've got songs over here or I could have done? Another album that I just have sitting on here of like pop-ass, post malone type, [, __ ], I'm just being real right, not I mean you know he gets his own hate and his love too, but I could have done some [ __ ] like that, which would have gotten way more numbers and made me way more money. I'm not barely making any money on this album. Yeah touring, I mean that's pretty much, no, not even that the actual album bro has like 30 plus samples right. You have people, it's like. Oh you use this part for three seconds. Okay, that's 45 percent! Oh on that same song. You use this for uh. You know 4.8 seconds, that's 20 percent, and then I have to split between it's like a whole thing, but I didn't give a [ __ ]. My team was like yo, you know, you're, not gonna make any money like I had my lawyers like can't we just change it or do it originally and I'm like you, have no idea. This is about the art. I don't give a [ __ ] about the money they make it so hard to actually care about the art, though it's the same on youtube in a way yeah where it's they make it tough man, but I'm glad you did it that way, thanks yeah, but yes, so long story short. It feels incredible to like kind of go out like this, because it's it's what I could honestly there was this it's so funny, though this reception is the reception I always wanted in hip-hop like, and it's funny that it's like when I'm leaving yeah, and I think, though- and I didn't plan it this way. If I did, I would have sold it, I'm retired. This is the laughs. I'd, have [ __ ] gone off and tried to sell it. That's why I kind of wanted to underplay it like yeah, I'm leaving and here's my reasons. Take it or leave it. [ __ ] off it doesn't. I know the truth, and in five years, when you're, like he's coming back, you know what I mean like I'm not going to come back. Um [ __ ] was, I saying I just forgot. Was it going to say before then? Oh just that it's so funny getting the reaction, you always wanted. It feels like um. You know for the last few years in hip-hop, it's like oh memes and let's make fun of logic, and it's like the thing to make fun of me because I was so popular and known and then, when I'm like, hey y'all, I'm leaving, then people are like oh [, __ ] like not only can we not make fun of this guy anymore, but in a way it's like he's just been a source of entertainment. It's a low-hanging fruit, it's easy to make a biracial joke which is [, __, ], so outplayed or this or that or whatever the case may be. Damn this dude's really going and like he's how I found hip-hop- or I discovered him when I was 12 years old and now I'm [ __ ] 22.. Oh my god! This is crazy. It's almost like it's a posthumous album without the death in a way, it's weird, because people can sense the severity that I am leaving and I'm being true about it, and because of that, I think they went into the album because most people, regardless of any form of media, are going. What can I [ __ ] on? What can I [ __ ] on as soon as like, rather than like just trying to enjoy something, and I think people really went into it like okay, I want to enjoy this album from logic. I haven't really necessarily maybe liked the last few things he did and I haven't [ __ ] with it personally or this or that mind you this loud minority, this this group or whatever. But I really want this to be good and then they sit down and they listen and then they're listening for the positive and the good in it and it just so happens. I killed the [ __ ] album, so they introduced me yeah um. So this is it you're saying right now, there's no! In five years, logic come back with the new album you're, not you! You sure you just don't need a break. Maybe for a little bit, are you gonna? Is there any chance of you returning um? Okay? So this is the thing like? No I'm not coming back, I'm retired. I just want to be a dad shoot guns, act in [, __, ] movies and maybe like work on soundtracks or something or maybe go [ __ ] make my own gorillas. You know what I mean like as far as like logic make your own gorillas yeah, like you know the gorillas, the group, the band: oh okay, yeah, damon, omer, oh my god, yeah he's dope, it's the guy from blur. Do you know that band blur? I don't, but I understand song that goes like this. It goes you don't know that [ __ ] song. No, I thought anyway, so that guy created the gorillas yeah. I got it and in a way it's like, if I could just focus more on production and like just bring other singers or other rappers in or you know, fun stuff like that, like I love music and I'll always make music, and I want to find ways to be able to release music, but as far as logic rapping about yo, I made it in a struggle in my life and all this [, __, ] and logic logic is done. I feel like I'm just you've, taken it all the way that you can that whole persona yeah the only thing that could be fun to do. I think about this. I've talked to mad lib. Do you guys know who mad lib is mad lib is like a legendary producer he's like um a living j dilla. If you will I'm sure you might have heard of j, dilla, legendary producer and um, you know we. We we've actually talked about doing an album together, which could be fun like when I think about that. That's different, but the only reason why I would even think about that is because, when mad lib does an album with anybody, they become a group. So I wouldn't it wouldn't be me. It would be me a part of this thing with someone else. That's like creating something super fun. The idea of that one-off kind of project where I would actually be rapping again sounds kind of fun, but when we're talking about like logic, dropping singles and albums and music videos like that [ __ ] is I I don't want to do it. I have no urge to do it and yeah people make the you know the jay-z. Well, jay-z came back and this and all this other [ __ ], it's like okay as a human being right, justin bieber, like never say. Never, you know what I mean but, like I just have no, I went out season nine seinfeld dog, like yeah. Why would I come back like there's no reason for me to want to do that? Michael jordan came back, you just don't know how you'll feel in five years yeah, but I understand what you're saying is like the uh. The logic story is over. That makes sense to me and that's what the logic thing has always been like when people listen to logic like, even in my turn, up songs, there's still something like a message or, and I'm like over, that [ __ ], I'm like I've spent my whole career being like you can make it believe in yourself: peace, love and positivity, yo black, it's beautiful all this [ __ ], and it's that it's all true, but I'm kind of tired. I'm, like I've literally spent 10 years doing this thing I kind of just want to have fun and be a dad. Now like it's not that deep, yeah yeah, that's awesome man! Well, you certainly like you said season nine. You did it dude, although how does seinfeld end they go to prison yeah, they go to prison and they have their last conversation between jerry and george is the very first dialogue or the first episode ever in the coffee shop. Was it uh? Was it cereal? They were talking about the amount of milk, no they're talking about his buttons yeah, his buttons yeah yeah. That's pretty good, but you kind of did that too, with the reference to the first album, so we got a full cycle. I think you did it good man. I love that album yeah happy for you. I appreciate it dude, it's letting all that [ __ ] go is just like I wake up now, and I just like my my biggest thing now is like damn: I'm not like working out as much. You know what I mean like it's [, __ ] like that like, but even that in itself, like getting all yoked, I've always felt like a very weak, weak, weak, weak person and not even like physically, like inside. I felt like a weak person, because my physique was also the scrawny tiny little guy, and then I got 180 pounds of [ __, ] muscle, and I realized none of this makes me any stronger. You know what I mean and then through that I found strength and you realize like it's just about being healthy and it's like cool man, I as long as I'm healthy. That's all that matters and working out is like [, __ ] annoying sometimes, but I think you, I think you just get in a zone. You either like want to work out or you don't, but I just like haven't been in a workout mood. I still work out like minimum twice a week. I try to hit three days a week and even that it's just like lifting and like yeah, that's pretty good, just for maintaining cardio but then also hiking and [, __ ], because I'm hiking out here in montana. So that's that's, really that's fun me and my wife will go out and I'll ride the dirt bikes around oh yeah, so I'm still getting exercise. It's just not like my therapist. She tells me once again I'm too hard on myself. You know you're also a new dad and I think that kind of you're constantly tired. I feel like at least at least I am yeah. This is exhausting yeah, but these are the things that honestly, I'm happy to focus on like now, I'm like yeah yeah, you know and then it's so funny because it's like well, who do I need to be jacked [, __, ], hugh jackman, for, like you know my wife's, like your dick works and I think you're hot. That's all that matters like you know. I mean I'm joking, but um. No! It's like! I just want to look good for her and she thinks I'm I'm handsome, and that's all that matters to me. You know and that's how I feel about her. I think she's, a beautiful woman like you know she doesn't need to be crazy, shredded or anything or this or that it's just like take care of yourself. You know and do the best that you can- and I think that's important, so I've just been focusing on that. I'm kind of jealous of the leaving you know, there's a whole phenomenon of people leaving la now, a lot of like uh comedians comedians and artists and people just in general, joe rogan. Obviously joe wrote a big one. I get it. You know I feel, like I'm, I'm forced to live here because of our our career choice. It's in your head, so well with the with the fashion and with the podcast like right now, there's covid, but I can't imagine getting people in the studio if I lived in like montana like nobody's going to come monday yeah, but also look at this dude like really look at this guy. It proves that, like especially if somebody gives a [ __ ] to even if you shipped out and paid like bro, you could totally do it. You could have somebody with like a dslr type of camera or sony. You know what I mean show up. You pay for a ticket for somebody with all these guys are like not me, don't send me how to [ __ ] all over the place, but you you do that and you literally have them set it up. It's like what ryan seacrest does. Dude I've sat down with ryan seacrest he's in new york, I'm in la they cut it a certain way to make it for real yeah like you're in the same studio, and they don't and the audience doesn't know that you guys aren't. In the same I mean they probably do yeah, but because he talks about it and he says that, but it doesn't come off that way, because I didn't know that yeah. I never even thought about that. No, but think about that. If you have somebody there with a camera yeah, you know a really good camera and an sm7 hooked up. You know through an apollo through a macbook or something just to capture the audio yeah. You have great quality, but I think um corona has proved that you don't need. You don't need. Look at this you're going to have all my fans here watching this you're going to have your fans everyone's going to be happy and excited I'll. Tell you going into the covid. We were like: oh [, __ ], we gotta go in our basement. We can't have guests, and- and I was very skeptical about having guests on on zoom, but I gotta say I I like it. I don't, I actually think it's kind of nice in a way it feels more casual, that's true, where it's more yes being with them in the first. So it's a different. You definitely get different energy, but I certainly don't. I certainly like it a lot more than I thought it would yeah and it doesn't even have to be like that forever. But it's just we give ourselves these these excuses. You know you could say, oh with the fashion line, I have to be here because the office and then you know the the people that I I work with and art direction and that and all this other [ __ ] or you could do what you're doing right now and you're still working on clothing and you're still getting the job done. You're still doing it like this, just should almost prove that you can be as happy as you want to, and still do that like yeah me acting, I was talking to joe because we're shooting the show and I I have to go back to l.a, so what I got to travel sometimes like it's kind of cooler that way, then you, then you appreciate it and then you know, and you have like a tunnel uh, would you say: do you have a ton of land at your house? I'm on an acre. I didn't want to do it yeah, that's not crazy. I didn't want to do a uh like a big, because I'm getting this I'm in like a neighborhood. I didn't want to do middle of nowhere yeah because it's a little spooky yeah. If I like, broke my leg or something, you know what I mean yeah, just like your [ __ ] hour and a half for you helicopter flight yeah, now [ __ ], now yeah, like I I like, living in neighborhoods, I like that sense of of community yeah, knowing that somebody's there. It's dope, though it's pretty cool man, it's a nice town, and you know I'm just out shooting guns and riding my dirt bike all day. So that's so dope, it's so fun man, it's like a vibe retirement sounds good dude. I don't know when I'm gonna get it, but you can get it whenever you want bro. These are things that we put on ourselves. Bro, because, like here's, the thing you can't not create both of you guys you're artists, like you can't not so that's the funny thing when I was telling myself originally like I want to retire, I want to retire. I want to retire. I was also scared that that meant like no more income, I'm not going to be able to think about the people. You guys employ and work with, like it's scary, to be like, oh well, if I'm done, they're done what the [ __ ], are they going to do? First of all yeah? What is what are they going to do? You know, but it's first things. First, they're gonna be fine. I know you guys are like. Can you please not sell them on this? No, no, no, my guys will never find another job. If you, if you [, __ ], died or killed yourself, everybody would be fine. Ian is unemployable. What I mean is is that all these people can still work with you. Do you know what I mean like it? Doesn't it's not the end of that, because that's what I thought I was like bro I have employees. I got a guy right next to me right now that I like, he has a daughter, and I know that I pay him every cent that he makes to support his family. That's just one person, that's like deep! That gives me anxiety to think about that, but I still have to selfishly go well. I don't give a [ __ ] like I have to be healthy, uh, happy! You hear that this healthy and focus on and focus on me, but if I'm all those things I'm still going to be creating and honestly be be creating as an even better version of myself to ensure that he gets a paycheck, so I just say: if you ever want to step away yeah, you guys are fine. You'll be able to continue to employ them and do whatever the [ __ ] that you want to do man just like if you're not happy, they're, not happy bro, I am actually I am happy. I don't want to give that impression. That's not what I mean. I'm happy getting away, stepping away from the h3 stuff that was making me unhappy, yeah yeah and the podcast. I really like working with these guys and having this whole kind of community. I love the we're kind of. I just want to figure out how to get it, make it better and make it more engaging and just like. I want to keep it going for years to the point where I just I'm super unhappy with the product still- and I know that hey this is all you have to do like literally people tune in to what I just wanted to be better. I just want it to be better, but it's great, it's great like don't fix what everything's broken. Just like your therapist keeps telling you we're totally like that, we're like so hard on ourselves. Yeah sucks, no you're, not you're, asking incredible! Bro we've talked about race relations, depression, anxiety, health, happiness, things that make we've literally. I think, because we're friends, it's a lot easier to talk to you. I have a lot. I have a really hard time talking with like people kind of cold, and I just sometimes the interviews are just [: __ ], don't [ __ ] those people, don't book those people now yeah. That's the lesson, yeah! Here's another thing, don't get me wrong. It's like you, know sure book, a big person every once in a while, because people are going to want to see that or know about that. But dude like. I can't tell you there's a lot of people that you guys have interviewed together and I'm like who the [ __ ]. Is this person? I don't even know who this is. That's the point you you want to. I want. I watch and I listen to discover new people and new things and it doesn't matter they're, [, __ ]. You know angelina jolie famous or you know they made a youtube video that has a couple million views and it's funny like yeah. That's why we I'm in the conflict of like when we have a lesser known, guest. First of all, the views are are way less or not, always but sometimes, and so that that always just feels bad from an ego point of view and then also because we have sponsors, then they [ __ ], when the views are less but but okay, whatever that [ __ ] doesn't matter, and then it does people just I mean yeah. It does that, because that that that that's a part of what affects the quality right, because you have more fun interviewing the people that you guys want to interview, regardless of views, because you you, this is one thing I love about you, because this is how I feel when I'm in the studio it doesn't matter. If I'm making some turn up, trap song or some super deep song, it's always from my heart. When the song is done mixed and mastered, then I go into business mode like okay. Now, how can I market this and get the most out of it? So the fact that, for the most part, you guys are doing interviews with people you genuinely care about is like why we listen. You know what I mean. It's just is what it is think about it when you have a brad pitt on your show or some wild [ __ ], like that those aren't your fans really tuning in that's like brad pitt's fans and [ __ ] like that and that's cool yeah, but but ultimately that's how you grow the show too, which is also another objective right. So it's tough, but ultimately, ultimately I do think I'm a shitty interviewer and I hate no you're, not I'm just kidding you're, not you're great. You guys are both fantastic. Thank you, h3 [, __, ] yeah, exactly like, for example, dan, like uh zach, used to be a super fan, and now he [ __ ]. Hates me not true at all. I love you zach's. Actually, my golden boy, but that's true for ian ian, doesn't like me anymore. Yeah ian was never a fan. He faked it dude his brother is a super fan, your mic dan what'd, you say: oh, I was just saying that uh we found out recently that ian ian uh snaked his brother's fandom to get in with us, because ian wasn't really the fan. It was [. __, ] ian wrote me a bunch of cold emails. Looking for to become an intern saying, he was like a huge fan and [ __ ], but that that's not why he just he was really persistent and he wrote really good email. So I was like [ __ ] it. Let's give this guy a shot, that's cool! We love ian, but we recently found out his brother's the super fan and he didn't know anything about us. So he's a [, __ ] fake ass fan. That's not true! I liked your guys's videos, yo um. Before I moved, I was out driving and I was with my wife and my security guard, and I saw this kid, these three little skaters where and they were wearing the um, the the hat. What's the one the teddy for the one with the little it's like a design like this, it's like a little teddy. You know what I'm talking about and it's like almost like a corduroy. Looking hat, oh yeah, the thirty fresh. It's like two bears the crest yeah yeah yeah. That's my favorite one and you guys actually gave me one and I [ __ ] lost it. Oh I'll, tell you another one! Well, you're, sweet! No, we'll send you a bunch of [ __! ] it'll! Be great! Thank you. So I see uh. My wife loves it too. So we'll share. She wears all my [ __ ] anyway. So um. I see these kids and I'm like yo do a kick flip and they're like logic, and I was like [ __, ] yeah. Let me come out and I got out of my. I got out of the car and I did a nollie flip on this kid's board and he was like whoa yeah anyway. It's just a fun story because I stopped because of the cool hat. They had that's fine! I wish I could do a kick flip. Then people would like me all right. Well, it's been awful. It's been great man. I love having you on here yeah and I'm just so happy. I was, I really loved the album, I'm just so happy that it uh that you were able to get that. Get that just I don't know everything you got. You know what I mean it's just it's I'm just so happy the way it turned out at the end. For you thanks. It was a bit of a hurrah moment and it's funny because of course I always cared and I would have loved it. So when I say it's funny how it happens when you don't even care like, I, you always care, but it didn't matter to me anymore. You know and then, when it didn't matter it happened. So it means a lot. I'm happy. How long have we been [, __ ] talking right now it's been a minute two and a half hours or something geez bro. That's like a [ __ ] christmas. How long has it been yeah? I know I think it's two and a half years. Yes, that's good wow, no um! I just want to say thank you guys, um thank you, everyone, dan zach, ian um, ethan and ela for always going hard and and really supplying fans with incredible content and um yeah man seriously. Like I [ __ ] love, you guys, and it really is a team. You know, and- and one thing I really respect about you both- is that you let it be known that it is also a team and you don't just try to like take everything for yourself and that's really uh, really special and humble of you and um yeah, I'm just I just I don't know yeah. I really appreciate you guys and, and I don't know man it's so weird because, like me and my wife are such fans of you, that's so nice. I can't believe it. Thank you guys. So much and you guys are so sweet we're happy for you guys. We already have one n-word, [, __, ], love that clip dude all right dope, um. Any last minute questions you can think of. No, I think we've said it all. We've said it all. We've done it all! We'll have to do a play date: bobby hall senior and junior yeah. We gotta meet bobby the third yeah we should come. We should come come on tana come to your four-story house. You actually should come through like it's really dope and you have guest rooms and all that stuff, it'll be really fun, but um. All right, remember to create from the heart have fun, and I I appreciate you guys thanks man same thing right back to you, god bless peace out. Are we doing the actual piece where I like leave, or are we doing the like? Oh it's cut. I think [Music] dude.