In five, four three two welcome everybody to the h3 podcast experience and since its ends, we are joan oil. First of all, before I forget, we are sponsored today by policy genius, quip, honey and stitch fix, and today we are joined by the Renaissance man, prolific, individual Bobby, Hall, aka logic. What's goodie, who is a one of our most requested guests of all time we didn't say really: oh people are pretty fired up at electric about this episode, so I. Thank you so much for coming and joining us today. It's a treasure to have you I, appreciate it. I'm happy to be here. I was telling my buddies in the car that I'm like nervous, I'm, never nervous for interviews because I'm always like alright, whatever, but there's a there's, a few interviews that I love doing I'm, not gonna like promote a bunch of other people but like Naru, are you know, nargile of nard wah buddy of mine Nick, like there's these different, just sources that I go to that? Are super cool and fun and then I look forward to. But this is like an experience right. I am yeah. Thank you, yeah yeah, very sweet of you to say, I'm, nervous, I, get nervous. Every episode, I was just saying: yeah I have anxiety problems, I get nervous. Every episode, I wish you know. I always talked to comics and performers and they're like I, was like to get nervous like I was talking to Bill burr and he did a show us in was it in New, York, the gardens or whatever there's like fit 33. Both yeah house like do what Madison Square Gardens yeah the gardens, but I was like. Do you get nervous cuz? That's like a big show and he's like now. I, you know I used to get nervous, I, don't get nervous anymore. I get nervous every time and I'm just seeing in a room. It's just three of us. No I mean everybody. Does it different when I played the gardens yeah? Oh you played the guard. I did gradual I. Thank you very much excellent. That was fun. I wasn't really that nervous. I was more so excited, but that's the thing it's like when you do something a thousand times in a row. Yeah it's yeah. It's kind of like I, don't know how to explain it. It's just you get used to it, but it's not that you get something. You know you don't care, you're, not excited. It's just you're like it's kind of a job, but when you do stuff like this because I'm like such a fan of you guys and I've, been watching your videos for everyone do since we first met. You owe me you remember when we met right yeah at Justin, roiland town and you guys were super cool and chill and I was. We were like whole area with the [ __ ] wait can I, guess yeah you can and if you want ya, [, __, ] juice, anything but ya, know I met you guys there and you were super cool I'll check these two out and I've been like standing. That's super sweet! Well. Finally, the first time the first time I ran a new found out about you. We went and saw you with Mac DeMarco. He was like hey. Do you want to go see this I wanna go see logic with us, yeah and I was like yeah. That sounds fun, I didn't know who you were, but the show was it was at the Greek yeah. The show was let the audience was just they're, so electric bro, your fans, are Saints, so passionate yeah, that's one thing that Irish show was amazing tonight any played Mario Cart on stage yeah and then what did I play after that I played something else. Street Fighter on the next tour did Street Fighter, no I, really pride myself in my fans, because I feel I, don't know their I, just don't necessarily know like I feel like. Maybe they feel about me kind of how I felt about Kid Cudi like here was this guy coming in like talking about his feelings and emotions and all the [ __ ], and it said that was like them a time that was kind of like weird to do that, and he just was himself so I, don't know um, you know I've always been like nerdy and I love, sci-fi and books and movies, and this and I just integrate all that into the music. But the biggest thing above all was just always the you know: peace, love and positivity and doing what you love and for a long time in hip-hop, when I was doing my thing, I was definitely scrutinized because of it. You know it was like people would call me too nice, or this has got to be fake or it's not real, and then obviously you know just time. Time tells the story, and it's just honest, so being able to have thousands of people who are like-minded, who enjoy a guy? Who can you know, have fun rapping, but talk about a positive message and just be himself is really cool, but it is hard to be yourself. I'll tell you that it's hard yeah, it's not ironic! That just being yourself is so difficult yeah. It should be the most natural thing in the world right, hey, I'm, just being myself yeah, it seems like a tough crowd, especially like being hey pop yeah. Definitely it's it's wild hip-hop is to me it's just like the epitome of pop culture. Now it's like just it's the most I, don't know like loved and it's quick. It's crazy that I can like hear a country song and it's like driving down the street and my Ford truck, and then you hear like these like 808s and like and I'm like holy [, __, ], everywhere yeah, it's really wild yeah, but honestly, like true hip-hop, like true lovers of hip-hop and true journalists and true, like I've, always received love from that I mean [. __ ], wu-tang clan was all my you know, so I've always gotten the love and respect from like what hip-hop really is and hip-hop is beautiful and it's you know, it's definitely burst by. You know incredible black people, but it's something that has been shared and has allowed many doors to open for all cultures and races to come together. So to me like real hip-hop is built on love and and diversity and differences and accepting others and regardless, if you agree or not, but to be able to peacefully just speak your mind, mm-hmm yeah. What do you think about like terms like just because you bring up the idea that black people mm-hmm brought about hip hop and a lot of the musical movements on yeah, jazz, rock and roll right? Yeah I mean really All. American music is kind of has origins in yeah in black culture. Definitely what do you think about the terms of that I hear a lot being thrown out like cultural, vulture and stuff like that I think it's a real thing yeah, but, but it depends. You know, I mean, like people have said that about me. You like just like on comments. It's. Why I? Don't really don't know how you could say that about you. I, don't understand that either, but it's it's almost like what I've learned is is I, don't understand hate because I'm, not hater, I'm, a lover. It's that simple. So it's like me just telling it like it is. Is you know, I came from nothing the fans out, there will know. I came from section 8 household welfare, food stamps, you know, cocaine being cooked on the stove drug dealers, murderers in and out of my house, and coming out of that and rising above it and actually talking about it and making it out and having some fun, and you know making some kickass raps while doing it. You think people would just be like damn. This is dope, but perception is a big thing. How I look my race, my swerve, my skin color, all this other stuff people do it's. Just a big I mean Drake said it best at the Grammys. You know, there's a lot of people in positions of power who for them it's more so kind of like a it's like a political game. You know, if you look the part and you kind of act apart, then you can be more accepted as if you don't like I, don't know it's weird, but that's the one thing that is odd is I've, always been myself and then people are like. Oh, like they could say. You know I'm corny, because I like sci-fi or I, rap about it or this or that or bubblebobbler. So you could call me what you want, but at least I'm myself and I've said this since the beginning of my career rather be hated for who I am than love for who I'm not yeah? What do you? You said you find it hard to be yourself. Do you find these external forces of everyone having expectations and judging you and kind of not allowing a lot of people not allowing you to be a part of whatever culture they belong to? Do you find that they're, these external forces are sometimes making it difficult to be yourself? Do you ever find yourself being swayed by their their opinions and their perceptions? And you know what I'm saying you know: no I can directly get yourself. Yeah, see I've, always felt accepted by hip-hop, as I said. You know like true, oh geez, that built our culture, love me and I love them and like I, didn't, have a dad growing up and so I listened to NAS and Tribe Called Quest and Big L, and you know all these amazing emcees and like learned a lot from them, you know so I've always felt accepted by the culture. That is a loving hip-hop mm-hmm, but it's more so like blogs and back in the day of blogs and [ __ ] excuse me and just kind of like the tastemakers or this or that and I just felt, like I, had to push my way through to try I, don't all I know is I stopped, giving a [ __ ] after, like my first album yeah cuz I really wanted to be loved and accepted, so bad and I still do you want to be accepted, but you're not totally. You know what I've realized is you have to truly, first and foremost, love and accept yourself all right. It's the same reason I'm not on Instagram all the time in social media anymore, and it really hurts me to say that, because every day, all the time since 2000, ten, nine or ten, whenever I created my account I was on it all the time. Every day, like my for one of my first fans ever her name is Larissa Larissa, she's, Native American. We call her an initial her name and, like that's still, my homie, like I, see her on every tour I go on like and and these were people that I've connected with I, can't tell you how many times I go to concerts and I, see somebody in the front row or five people in the front row that have been to ten shows already on that tour or a tour from before. There's this girl, I forgot, I, don't even know her name. I always forget her name but I. Remember her cuz she's blue coat girl and she'll always bring a sign that says: blue coat girl and the first time I did the shelter in or no I wasn't the shelter but anyway in Detroit and it was freezing outside and she wore this blue coat and then I saw her again in Florida and she was like. Remember me: blue coat and it's just like I know that I'm loved and accepted by the people that matter most and then and that's that's it because the thing is as artists and as creatives. You know just like yourselves, you create the content for people who enjoy it, not to people who don't I know so you so hard. You know, I agree. I I have the same the same issue or hold on dance. Giving me not was this ten Oh Adam your manager says, is her name? Apparently that's what Dan says shout out autumn yeah blue cool girls, more of a title of honor, though it to be yes. No, it can't totally I. Have the same I've been going through. Some similar issues works like the people that don't even wish you well the people that don't even care about like your work or your well-being or anything are the ones that can be so overbearing, li-, yeah and most the you know, most of the people that enjoy just consume it and move on yeah. They don't usually bother to share their thoughts anywhere, and so it's so there's there's almost like a confirmation bias like what the feedback you received because, like on a YouTube video you'll, read the comments and a lot of times the negative one will flow to the top, because a lot of people who have that similar negativity are looking for that comment. Yeah and they're there there's. Maybe there there's so much less of them, but they're all looking for that. One negative comment to be like yeah, but the message is we also look for the negative I know. As you see a million positive comments like think about it, I actually I'm working on an album right now, I'm, not gonna, say what it everything about it. But I do talk about social media and effects the effects of it, not only on me as a young man, but you know your average social media user and as well as other artists alike. It's crazy to me, for example, rest in peace. Like you know, Mac Miller could pass away from you know drug use, but it's deeper than just the drug use. We have to understand that it's it's it's coping. You know what I mean with the things that we're dealing with, and it's kind of messed up to say this as like you know, you see it as like a 1%. It's like! Oh people, don't know what it's like for me and you know, and then you have somebody's like. Oh, we got millions of dollars and you're rich and you're loved and you're this and you're that, and it's like yeah sure, but just imagine knowing that right now millions of people are [, __ ] on me right now, yeah like there's just somebody out there, just cheating on me and you have to like cope and understand that and that's why it is so sad because you know a lot of artists. Human beings, people in general will turn to substance or this or this and it isn't just drugs, it's alcoholism or it's even the drug, that is social media, instructed behavior, yes, social media, because it's a again and part like when you're depressed, and you have everything in the world. You know that that people associate with like success and Happiness when you have all those things and you still feel bad. It makes it even worse, yeah right, because people don't care as much. They don't want to listen and you feel like what is wrong with me even more, but if they're but there's nothing wrong with you, because happiness is internal and it's a personal journey. So it's like, you could have all the money in the world and money can 100% buy you comfort. It's like oh yeah I can go on this vacation, but if you're like depressed in the Sun, then what the [ __ ] is. It doesn't really matter again who described it like this, but when you have money and comfort and everything in life that that you need all that's left is the mental aspect yeah, because you, if you have problems in your life, you can go grind a 9 to 5 and you have bowls like I, just want to save enough for this new car for this new apartment or whatever, but when all those goals and all those motivating forces that kind of distract you or give you purpose are gone, then really all that you're left with is the mental yeah. But it's like it's, then what and that's something that I had to look into like with myself like I was I was like really working myself to death. You know it's. Why I'm happy that I, look healthy, I feel healthy, I'm eating, right, I'm, working out and I wasn't doing that before and and it's I had to ask myself. Ok, what's the end right when I first started, it was oh man if I. If people could just listen to my music, then they'd listen to the music, oh man, if I could just have followers, and then you get flowers, oh my god, I got fans. Well. If I could just release a project, then you release the project. Oh man, if I could get a record deal, then you get record deal like the biggest thing in the world. For me was the you know the double XL freshmen covers. Do you guys know about this? No, it's like the it is the epitome of you've. You've made it except you haven't made it yet by putting you on double XLS, freshmen cover, and so I was on there with Travis Scott in Action Bronson. All these incredible artists and I did that I'm like oh, my god, then it's like ok get your record deal. I got your record deal. Then it's ok put out an album and then you think, and then you put out an album and you're like wait. There's so much more still to be done. Then you put out a second um. Then it's okay, alright I'm touring at like 200 cap. You know two hundred people are coming to see me, but then it's five hundred, then it's two thousand and it's five thousand. Then you do the garden. So then you're sitting there I'm sitting at the Grammys, you know nominated for song and song of the year which I didn't take home, but it doesn't matter. I was like, oh, my god, I'm here Grammys, so it's like you're at the Grammys you've been recognized, you're selling out arenas. Well now what mm-hmm and I was like pretty [ __ ] up for a while, but it seemed the depression that I went through. I didn't know, I didn't realize. I was depressed, which is a weird thing, because I was I was counting all my blessings. I'm like I'm, surrounded by incredible people that are my family. My best friends I have fans all over the world, but then you look back in retrospect and it was like yeah, but I felt so empty. Why? How did I feel so empty because I wasn't truly fulfilling myself? I was just making hip hop album after hip, hop out mind you putting my heart and soul into every song for sure without a court without question, but it was still like repetition. It was still the same thing and that's why I've been you know, playing the piano and you know singing over guitar and having fun and branching out doing film as well, which is very important because I need other outlets that are that's not just music. However I'm not gonna. Like turn, my back on music music is not only my my bread and butter, but it's my my main source of true creative form of expression and therapy, but I've just realized for me personally, you got to do other [, __ ], but the biggest thing I had to do was live. My life right, yeah enjoy I. Think also. You just have to learn to not be so focused on the goal and like suffer all the way through so and understand that you gotta enjoy your everyday too, while you're working towards our goal, that was the biggest thing I had to learn. Cuz the before you're, like I'm, just focused on these goals, like I, got to put out an album, yeah and once I get dialed on. Everything will be amazing yeah. But when you get mm, it's like you, don't even think about you're. Just like this is it it's so distracting and it's so motivating and you just work every day. It's what motivates you and you never stop and think about like what anything. That's wrong. In your personal life right or your mental life and and once that goal is achieved, then you no longer have that purpose and yes, [ __ ]. No, it's insane I completely agree. I! Think that's like the biggest thing that I learned with and I still learned. Like you know, I have a tattoo here that says: look around and another one that says balance yourself and that is a huge deal, is actually enjoying the journey. It's funny. I was telling my friends this that back in the basement in Lenny's basement when I had no job, no money. No anything! You know he let me live with him for a year, big limbo, and when that year was up I signed. My deal to Def Jam told him to quit his job at 12 years, and we moved to LA and we've been going ever since, but I would always in the moment, be like damn like I, don't wanna be in this basement, I, don't wanna be broke, I, don't wanna, be this and I was constantly looking forward to this other thing, that's why now in film I'm loving every moment of it like there's so much [ __ ], like I'm working I'm, doing a movie right now that I won't get too much into it's. It's another film about stand-up comedy which I'm really I did too I've already written it. It's really exciting and I'm funding it myself. For a nice amount of money, and but it's because I believe in it so much and there's days when I wake up and I'm like [ __, ] I wish I was on set already or damn I wish. I was at the movie theater watching this with the world or at the premiere. But then I, remember dude, like you had those memories in the basement. We're like the best memories of your life. Hmm! So stop focusing on the goal and you know enjoy the million producer meetings you have to meet with, and directors and actors like soak it all up. Yeah yeah. It's tough, it's so hard to keep things in context, but it's so important. Otherwise you just lose yourself. Mm-Hmm I mean I had like a mental breakdowns kind of recently I'm better now a little better, but that's normal bro, it's normal. But do you know how hard it is to do that [, __ ] in front of the whole world yeah? No, it was it was. It was a very personal experience, though, but it's nice to be able to share it with people and for them to to listen. Yes, I started taking antidepressants and I started going to therapy for the first time, I go to therapy it's great yeah. It is it's so important to it like. It gives new context to everything in my life yeah and makes you dig down. God I realize how awful my parents were mostly that's my parents, yeah mom's, but speaking of interesting parents, your upbringing, you had a and absolutely incredible and I I mean just origin story. Like you have seen and done it all. I mean the circumstances of your of your growing up was was extremely harsh, no yeah, it was pretty gnarly man you're from Maryland. My Maryland originally place in Maryland, see here's the crazy thing. So the way Maryland is, is it's like anywhere in the world, there's good places and there's bad places and where I lived, you know you it's like Oh, suburban beautiful area, and then you go a couple miles down and take a left and it's like you don't want to walk down here. You know yeah, but I always say even much more than just your neighborhood is also where you lived. You know, I mean, and so it like I said in my house. In my apartment, like the gnarliest [ __ ] was going on, but even in the building you know there was people who, like would rent various apartments and in this, in this apartment they were cooking crack and this apartment. They were pimping out prostitutes in this apartment. They were selling the the the narcotics and this and knowing that all this is happening and seeing it and being invited and like you're, like eight years old and you're like crack, it's like it's pretty pretty gnarly but I. Never you know, even though I went through a lot of messed up stuff, even when I was young, I always knew it wasn't right. It wasn't like a like I've said that I've done dumb [, __, ], I've, shot guns, I've run around with knives. I've done all types of crazy, [, __ ], but nothing I can ever look in the mirror, and, like regret you know what I mean like nothing like that, but yeah. It was really difficult, but I just never focused on it. I always focused on how to get out, and for me it was music and I always looked at um I, never looked at it like oh yeah, [, __, ] and hoes, and boats like I'm, just gonna like be a rapper I, always say: persistence, determination and realism, realism, persistence, determination, realism and wanting success more than your next breath. Like that's, how you can get there and some people say: oh, it's not realistic to be a rapper, but I never looked at it as that I looked at it as a business mm-hmm, and if I could market and brand myself a certain way like Teddy French, then you know people would want to buy into that brand. But the thing that I didn't want to create was a brand that was built on fallacy. So I was like all right. Well, you know what I'm gonna be myself to the utmost degree and it's either gonna work or it's not gonna work and it's [ __ ]! It's pretty doing this isn't working! It's do it: okay, yeah! So but you're, both your parents, when you were growing up yeah we're drug users. Is that correct, yeah, yeah and alcoholic as well. Yeah, so tell your dad you've rekindled your relationship with him recently yeah. Definitely he's a good dude man. He was. There was a point in his life when he wasn't the best guy. One of my earliest memories was probably at 4 years old, being left in Southeast DC. Well, he went to go smoke crack with some chick that wasn't my mom Jesus yeah I would have preferred if they smoked crack together. Yeah at least share the crack yeah I was I was conceived out of wedlock 3 days after they met. Oh my mom's best friends, Flor apparently leave it up to my dad to tell you that yeah he's like son I, have something I wanted yeah, so they were never really together, but nice I saw your dad and I think it was like an MTV interview and he seems like your biggest fan. No, usually he had the Rat Pack dad on yeah the one of your album cover, shirts, yeah, all decked out he's a good dude and what I've realized seems smart and thoughtful yeah. He there was just a time when cuz, like my dad, has stolen my identity and, like created credit cards with them, he's Wow. You know yeah like when I was a child. When I was 10 years old, he cuz we had the same name, so my name is Sir Robert Bryson second, but his name is Robert, Bryson hall and so I guess. That's one reason that yeah, but there's a name yeah, there's a there's, a million and one things that he did negatively. But what I would like to talk about is deposited yeah and there was a time in my in my life when you know he kind of did me so wrong. I stopped talking to him and then he like showed up at the signing I had out of nowhere and which was really weird and I basically told him. I never wanted to see him again and that the next time I would see him would be at his funeral, which is [ __ ] up, but it was. But it was honest because of what he's done and I was like I've. Given you a million chances and he's like I just won a million, and one and I was like no and so years. I didn't talk to him and I thought about it about a year ago and I was like. You know what it's not that I'm angry at my dad. It's that I don't want to be hurt. I said: I: don't want to open up this door and his vulnerability to be hurt again and I really thought about it, and I was like sixty year old me is much wiser and would probably still want to do everything that he can to have some sort of relationship with this man, while he's still here so even though I might not be wise enough to do it. I'm gonna do my best, but I'm gonna lay down ground rules and I was like. Don't ask me for sure. There was a time my dad asked me for eight hundred thousand dollars to buy him a studio. Well, I gotta work. Here you got a you got a creep in a little more subtle, yeah, a couple hundred groceries, so where's things. There's things I've I've just learned, like my dad is he's my dad and he's kind of like a really cool uncle. You know who lets you do: [ __ ] you shouldn't do or talk to you about [ __ ]. He doesn't do like my dad steals. My weed like that's funny. It's hilarious, but I I set ground rules and I was like. Don't ask me for [ __ ]. You know, there's certain members of my family I. Just don't talk to you cuz. They asked me for a bunch of stuff or they wanted things for me. I'm like I, don't want to talk about them. If we're gonna have a relationship, it's about me and you here and so I laid that down and it's been uh. It's been really good. He just got married mmm with a blue tooth in his ear. My dad wears a blue tooth. Oh that's, good! That's dad as [ __ ]. Yes, however, my mother last time, I talked to my mom, was on my 21st birthday and yeah, so that was like a while ago and I called her, because my sister called me crying and she was like mommy says that that you don't talk to her because of me and and I was like what that's [, __ ] up that doesn't make any sense and I called her and I basically said mom the reason I, don't talk to you and I hadn't seen her since I was 18. I said the reason I don't talk to. You is because it's your way or the highway, my mother's, a type of person, who's like she's super, religious and she's like don't take the Lord's name in vain god, damn it [, __, ], [, __, ] like that is my mother. So it's like it's a very like hypocritical and I was raised. My whole life. This way, you know to the point where, like you know, I was raised Christian my whole life and then, oh, you know her best friend of 20 years, just convinced her to be Catholic. So now we're Catholic for like two months until they get into argument, and then we go back to being so so sincerity yeah, but it was she judged. She judged people with like super hardcore and I'm, not here to bash my mother I'm just here to give I'm just explaining why I don't have relationship with her and she's just the type of person that it like I, said it's her way or the highway from religion to life. To this to that, and but it's like you know, I remember when I was 14. I was still a virgin. It was ninth grade and I had condoms in my backpack and I. Didn't really like me: I'm, not the type of person who has sex with a bunch of women. There's just not me like that's gross like I, have to I have to have some connection. You know in a relationship to somebody even back then as a kid. So but anyway, I had these condoms and and she found them and she was like. Are we gonna talk about? You know what I found in your backpack and I was like? What are you talking about? She was like condoms and I was like well I'm, not having sex and she was like. Well, you shouldn't have condoms and I was like, but what? If something happens and she's like? Well, you just don't have sex and I'm just kind of like that's, not realistic man, you know like, wouldn't you prefer I'd be safe about it and smart about it. So it was with that. Along with you, know, the alcoholism- and you know she took me out at school to home-school me for three years and she didn't teach me anything because she drank all night and slept all day and I was alone and that's when I super got on skateboarding and I. Don't know, though yeah and the fucked-up part is so my mother. Unfortunately, you know she had dealt with. She'd been raped, sexually assaulted, her entire life molested as a child, and these are things that [ __ ] with you. Now you take that Plus drug use from LSD to you know alcohol in general, then antidepressants but mixing antidepressants with alcohol. It's the gnarliest [ __ ]. So it's like you have a tortured soul here, but also the gnarliest part is my mom's [ __ ] racist I, know I've heard you telling talking about and it talks about how your mom is racist yeah, like my mom, that I find just completely almost fascinating I'm comfortable times a week. My mother called me a [ __ ], the cranes not [ __ ]. Ever so you know all of her. Children are from black men, but yeah, but it's systemic. You know she told me a story about how, when she was a teenager of 13 14 years old, she brought a young black man. You know she was dating a young black man and her parents were like no, like. You know, there's no way that you guys can be together and blah blah blah, and it's just really messed her up because she's she genuinely was attracted to you, know strong, beautiful black men and but just society. It's just it's just it's it's something that I've had people be like. Oh, that doesn't even sound right like you're lying that doesn't make sense, but it's like okay, whatever imagine growing up, and it doesn't make any sense, oh and definitely yeah. It does make sense. In a way I mean it fits the character you're describing of the whole package of yeah. It was first, it was really gnarly and the thing that hurt the most I think is when I, you know, 15 16 years old first start got first started getting into rap and hip-hop, using that as a form of expression to be like life is hard. Sometimes it's hard dealing with this [ __, ] and she'd, be like [, __ ], don't you curse and then I'm just like? Oh my god, it's just such a brain. It's just [ __ ] yeah, it's not it's. So it was so gnarly, but once again, I'm not here to bash this woman only paint the picture I understand. But it's a burn. You know, but so yeah you had. You have those two sides of parenting. Do you feel like parentless in a way I mean I, know you're in touch with your father, but it doesn't seem like yeah, not my dad, my dad. It's not the kind of relationship you would want in a perfect world with your father. Definitely yeah. It is hard. Sometimes you probably feel like you're taking care of him more than the other way around Oh every time. Really what you want to be feeling as a son, you don't want them to nurture you yeah, you want to be vulnerable. I have had some really great people in my life, like my godmother, like I, just call her my brother but Mary Jo and Bernie back in Maryland who I first met when I was 14 and it's funny cuz Oh, Eddie's friend, my my godmother, told me I, didn't know, I told her this. She said when you first came to me and we first met. You said: listen my mom, like my house situation, is really terrible. It's really messed up, but please don't call social services. Please and she said that I said said that, because I was like and I know, why is because I don't know what the hell is out there yeah, but I, don't better the devil. You know exactly and I. Remember that I, like I, mean I, remember, windows being shattered by cinder blocks like my mom, throwing she like just the gnarly [ __ ] and me crying as a small kid like. Oh, not the knowledge I've been kidnapped, I've been held hostage but like took the craziest [ __, ], dude, I've seen and dealt with and I just always knew it wasn't right. I, don't know how to explain. Just knew it wasn't right. I was like hey. This is not how you treat a child. This is not how you treat one another and seeing my mother being beaten and bloody and drunk and one of my earliest earliest memories. It's about three and my mom was having some kind of an argument, but I was asleep and was about three or four in the morning and I woke up to the police, raiding, knocking our door down and handcuffing her and dragging her down these like cobblestone stones from our townhouse in her blood soaking, the the sidewalk which was so gnarly but I was like yeah. That's not right for sure it's it's it's pretty insane, but it's like damn. It just seems like pretty dark right now, like no okay, it's fast I mean yeah. Listen, we got to go to a quick commercial guys, we'll be right back with logic. I want to pick up right where we work. This is just absolutely okay riveting! Oh thank you too Bobby we're gonna, go pee! You guys we'll be right back. Insurance is one of those topics that everyone knows a little bit about, but do you understand it well enough to feel comfortable buying it? Whether your insurance, expert or newbie policy genius has created a website that makes it easy for you to compare, quotes, get advice and get covered now before I discover policy. Genius I was paying a certain amount with a certain company and I came on this website and compared for auto insurance and I saved $100 a month for the same coverage, the same exact everything with another company and that's the power of policy genius, because there's so many different prices on insurance from home insurance to life, insurance to audio shirts, auto insurance and whatever their shirts. You can imagine policy genius has got you covered. They get a check across the board for all the companies that offer it and make sure you're getting the right price. That's why it's the easy way to get life insurance and anything else under the moon and minutes you can compare quotes from top insurers to find the coverage you need at the price that you can afford from there. You just apply online and the advisors advisors that policy Jesus will handle all of the red tape, they'll, even renegotiate your rate with the insurance company. No extra fees or commissions sales agents, just helpful advice and personalized service and policy Jesus doesn't even take make life insurance easy, whether you're shopping for disability insurance or protect your income. Homeowners, your auto insurers. They can get you covered fast, so no matter how much or how little you know about life insurance. You can find the right policy and minutes at policy genius.com policy genius the way to compare and buy all insurances under the moon quip. You know what time it is put this in your mouth and brush, because your breath is awful, your gums are receding. You don't brush your mouth long enough. This is what this toothbrush does. It addresses all those problems and it's packed into a tiny, little vibrating tube. It's everything you need to keep your mouth and your breath fresh, cavity, free, kissable and beautiful. This is on Oprah's oh-oh list. Okay, GUP loves this toothbrush and forget about those people, don't even care about them. I endorse this. This is a toothbrush that I use. Now, let me tell you about this toothbrush softest bristles in the game, easy. You turn it on in fibrates, phone and pulsates when it tells you when it's time to switch sides and it times you and tells you when you're done, brushing to make sure you get that thorough, beautiful brush that you need every time to keep your mouth beautiful and kissable and fresh oral hygiene is the most important thing in the world right EULA. Yes, last thing you want to do is kiss some nasty mouth [, __ ] loser! Don't let that be you! Okay, that's right! Whip is the one place and let me tell you the best part about quip. It starts at just 25 bucks. You want to get a vibrating toothbrush on this level. Is gonna cost you at least two thousand dollars and uh the market or wherever you buy that crap. So that's why I love quip guys, let's give it a shot. It's $25, just to start they're, backed by twenty thousand dental professionals. They're backed by me, forget about the dentist. Okay, quip starts at just 25 dollars: go to get quip, calm, flush, h3 right now, and you'll get your first refill pack for free with a quip electric toothbrush guys. That's your first refill refill pack for free at GE t qu, yp.com, / h3, give it a shot. You're, gonna love it get quick, calm, /h, three honey. What do you say about honey? It's free money. It's really so simple! It's an app that you install on your browser and when you are shopping online at all the major stores, Amazon Walmart Best Buy, whatever it's all covered, it's going to clip all the coupons like an old grandmother's got your back and it's gonna make sure that you're getting the best deals. Every time you shop, honey saves me money every freaking time, there's no catch! It's a free browser! You get in Bob's your uncle! It's that easy! Okay, I saved 30 bucks on Amazon the other day, just shopping for baby stuff. I think we bought like a. We were buying so much baby stuff behind, but the total comes out because it it compares prices on Amazon, because there's so many different ways to buy and it intelligently crunches the numbers and includes shipping, and all this stuff shows you prices string, make sure you're getting the best deal crunch. The numbers on all this baby, [ __ ] we bought $30 it saved me for nothing. I'm telling you honey, must have saved me a hundred of dollars since I started using and it's effortless it's free. It takes two clicks to install guys. You be a fool not to dip your toes into honey. I know that sounds messy, but trust me. It's great. There's 10 million people using honey right, fricking now and honey has over a hundred thousand five-star reviews on the google chrome store, but again forget about them. I give a five-star review. Those hundred thousand people could take a hike. Take it for me. Time magazine calls it basically free money, hey they still have for me: [ __, ] next time, you're shopping on Amazon. Don't wonder whether you found the best deal just add honey and get the best price automatically? Okay, it's free guys go to join honeycomb, slash h3, that's join honey, comp, slash, h3, okay, the smart shopping assistant that helps you save time and money install it. It's a free, app give it a shot for a week and tell me you don't save a bunch of money, I do not care about clothing. I! Do not care about shopping! I want to look good and I. Don't want to put the effort in right. That's what most guys I feel like feel like and girls, I. Think a lot of girls feel that way. That's why a stitch fix is such an incredible service. You go online, you get an online personal stylist. Okay, you take a survey, you tell them what you like he's on what you don't like. You tell them your budget and they go to work, putting together the beautiful, perfect outfit to fit your body, whether you're, skinny little twink or a fat fat fat, oversized mama this fee being fed to death by your significant other. It doesn't matter they got space for everybody. Okay, just go to stitch, fix, calm, /h Street! You tell them everything you like how much you want to spend Bob's your uncle you'll be paired with your very own personal stylist, who will hand, pick items and send them to your door. You try them on you pay only for what you love. You return. The rest. Shipping exchanges it returns are always free, you're, basically trying on clothes in your living room, and then you send it back. It's easy as eating a piece of pie. Okay- and let me tell you, that's easy- there's no subscription required. You can sign up to receive scheduled shipments or get your fix whenever you want. Styling fees are 20 bucks, but guess what it's applied towards anything you keep from your shipment. So it's virtually fruit, get started now as stitch fix, calm, /, h3 and you'll get an extra 25% off. When you keep all the items in your box. That's stitch, fixed, calm, /, h3 to get started, a6, calm, / h3. We are back with logic and the beautiful and very pregnant ela, just a ship with our baby Theater on it. Before we get back into it. I've got a video I want to get your reaction on. Okay, let's just watch. Okay! Here we go. Is there audio? There should be I, can't tell if it's right or there's no audio. Oh no I said doing the same thing: hey what happened. These things happen, yeah, okay, there! It is there's no way hello. I got to start it over because there's the suspense is important. So for those who are listening on audio, it's just a man recording the bathroom floor, okay in a bathroom stall, actually probably hearing something I think there is sound. It's just a quiet. It's a quiet moment. You know dan! Is there sound I feel like there's, not sound. I. Think you're right come on Dan check something else: Dan Zach, Ian anybody, the love of God, is the sound working. I mean we tested it right before we went so, let's see yeah, there's no sound! Oh, no! There's no wait. Okay, maybe it's my fault! They were come in and check. Let's check this home. What the hell was that I know, and now it's not I know you blew it for everybody. Listening so uh it was your sound down on the computer. Yeah I, muted, it bro I came in a muted, it Oh when it got unplugged. You know what right before t1 live. This is the boys thunderstruck. So here we go what sound one more time here we go. Okay! Well, we got a crackle here. So where were we let's um? Well, you can play it yeah, that's all yeah you're doing so good! No! No! This is good. It's real life bro! So the people. Why I can't do that crackle? Why wait? Listen? Okay, you guys did was spying on him, taking a [, __ ]! Oh my god and I know this guy I, don't know if I'd be flattered or yeah. There should be flattered. I've always been someone I have friends to get a lot of attention from gay men and I've always been a little jealous of them. I'm not gonna, be completely honest with you guys. Yeah I'm, like no gay guy, has ever tried to [ __ ] me and that's the real test of a few tracks. Maybe you just weren't in gay spots, I pin to so many gays I go hang out at gay bars. Just do it come on Jesus. No, it doesn't happen, but definitely some element of being flattered, but the guy must have seen him laying on the floor there put on his camera and I love how casual he is. Why on the floor, mm-hmm, sorry, what imagine like what would you do if there haven't you like legit? What would you do? I, first of all, I wouldn't be a spook than that guy I, don't know what well I don't know. I wouldnt have the presence of mind to film it. I would just yeah me neither freak I'd be like what the hell are. You doing I'd be like. Why are you doing this? Excuse, hello, yeah I, don't know it's, but imagine why I don't know why that guy thought he won't be able to see him yeah and he's a he's in a suit and a tie, so he's kind of somewhat pretty right would like be willing to just lay on the lake floor like that cuz. He wanted to see this dude taking a [, __ ]. So bad is there any? Is there like a is there any like backstory have now found out with madness? Is all it is. This is all you get well somebody's got to be able to identify this. Maybe the people who are doing all those Taylor Swift face motion. Yeah dude. Have you been deep faked? No, no that I doubt not that I'm, aware of is that kind of a flattering thing: okay, I, don't know it's kind of a weird thing: Neela's been deep, faked really did I know, there's a deep fake of you in very this. At me, it's like like taking dick I, mean oh, be frank with you and it's pretty gnarly you. If you type Eva Klein, don't gets loud, I, just fine I'm, more I'm, fascinated I'm. Just this someone would spend their time doing. That is incredible! Just watch the porn yeah exactly you know that is, but not as where does this [Laughter]? It's not like. It wasn't the first time, but it's funny. Cuz yeah, like he's annoyed, like he's, upset he's like God or the guy laying down I, think it was the guy on the [ __ ] said sorry. Sorry, man well I gonna have to put an end to this. Why would you do you're, predator right, sorry, man it's in today, so it what I can piece together is that this wasn't the first time I feel like this. Guy comes in after him. Every time and legs on the floor, I wonder if in his mind he was like he's into it. He goes in. There takes [, __, ] and I lay on the floor. That's how we do it I creep on Reddit I creep. What's your subreddit? Where do you [ __ ], around I love, better every loop, I love that one I love the Red Dead Redemption - I'm, always on Oh for real yeah I love that man I tried getting in that game, so I actually didn't try that hard, I bought it I played for 30 minutes, and it's just like all this. No no! You gotta do this. No, don't trust me dude you get through the snow and then it gets really great. Really I still didn't beat it. Cuz I've been so damn busy, but I started playing super meatboy again. Oh I, love that such a you know. That's like, in my opinion, the perfect video game. Simple, addictive great controls compelling good. It's like ma. I really want to do a video game. I was talking to my art director, one that I brought about it. I think it'd be pretty cool, so I have these ideas. Mm-Hmm it'd be sick, but not like if it's like 100 million dollar video game like I, want it to be like Super, Mario Bros on acid. The best games are indeed come on. Yeah. Listen, let's be serious! Here it's have you played a cup head, yes, yeah, but not on my xbox yeah I said I can't be this too hard. All right, I think I got pretty deep. I was playing with ela, but I think the skill, the skill gap got too extreme. I loved the art and I wanted to play the game. Cuz I love how it looks, but it's too hard and I got it. It's insane, but that's kind of what makes it great yeah. That's right, I mean because dude old games used to punish you yeah, like you, could only beat old games. If you were mental yeah, you had a snap, you know how to do it all the time you had to be like a Rain Man here this. This is the sequel to the first video. Okay, oh my god. Wait you gotta watch that again, can you not autoplay YouTube Christ, let's get back this. Is you by the way, pretty cool the link to inception? It's pretty it's pretty late! That's good see! That's in case I, like flip out and punch me in the face. No, no yeah I, don't think we'd. Be able to correct anything true I wish there was some, but you can read the comments peeping creep. Can you ask about a post, Malone, collab post? Even one people know one apparently alright, let's not get to inception yeah back it up, Mexican crawls, the guys. What if he's like Salvadorian yeah, he could be that's true, that's very true, and so there you go. That's my series. Come Abby, bro yeah, it's pretty pretty gnarly. So tell me about the fact and I love this. You hadn't do not have social media on your phone, I, don't yeah! It's it's like I said it's very bittersweet. Let me just sip this. Please hydrate. We tried it for like a week, were you but it erased it. It's so hard to keep that I erase it and then I had Eva checking it for yeah I feel like it may. It must be even harder with you guys, because you know it's such a core like direct to write a job yeah. It really is and I feel like for me. It really was a part of the job I think for any up-and-coming artist. It is and I'm just not enough incoming artists, anymore mm-hmm, and because of that, so many people are aware. You don't need it really anymore. Yeah, it's like I want it, though, like I want to be able to cuz it used to be a safe haven. It used to be a place that I could go to, and people could genuinely have like conversations now. It's like if you drop a song. First of all anything, that's new people like freaked out about it like it doesn't matter what it is like I remember, astral world came out and I love that album, and there was all these people's like it's, not as good as rodeo lovable and then and then it becomes this huge thing and everybody loves it I liked it out the gate. But it's like that's that's the world we live in now everybody feels like they write for Rolling Stone, who has a Twitter account. They feel they feel the need to say something and I feel like people more so enjoy pointing out the things they don't like. But it's sickening because we, as you know the artists and the creatives are drawn to the negativity. For example, you know if I did a post and it had a million likes on Instagram or something, but it had 30,000 or 50,000 comments, but out of those 50,000, maybe 5,000 were like truly negative comments, one it's like why am I so focused on this loud minority. That's the gnarly part about it, because dude there's a million people who liked it and didn't even have to say [ __ ] about it, but it's just it's though it's the feeling and the wanting of acceptance, but that was a big dark place for me. That's why I got off it because it was making me depressed every time I went on social media. It was a truly negative experience of like you suck or you're whack or you're this sea, or that or just so many negative things zulan. You know, I've heard it described, I think Jordan, Pearson I asked him. Why do we- or maybe it was my therapist I? Don't remember, but I said. Why do? Why is it that we focus on these negative ones, and it was described to me as it's an evolutionary being where you want to identify the danger, and you want to identify the wink points in your character where the danger or the criticism is yeah, because that's the stuff that puts you at risk. So from an evolutionary standpoint you were you are those are the things you are trying to again. That's insane about you right, so yeah, there's kind of an explanation for why we seek those out yeah, but it's but see that stuff doesn't serve us well anymore, but so many times I'm not even kidding like 99% of the times that I either investigate it or have like said something cuz, that's the net. That's the part that also sucked is like I. Never did it really bad, but somebody could hate on me. They could say something like like I had like a funny line about fortnight, and this in this last song, I did Keanu Reeves and I'm like I. Don't play enough games, that's we talking for at night, it's just like a funny. It's a not a big deal, and a year ago I had like kind of teased the song and everybody was like. Oh, this is crazy, that for nightline blah blah and it actually didn't come out till a year later, and then you have all these people, like all I, turned it off after the fortnight and that's like I think that is so idiot. First of all, we all know you didn't turn it off. You played it a thousand times yeah, okay, but it's night. It's just it's just so funny that people just want to like cling on to these dislike negative stuff. It's really odd to me well and also an important distinction for myself when thinking about these stuff is that these are people having a conversation about you, not with you yeah. You know how you talk about people when they're, not in the room. You say stuff that you don't necessarily mean, of course you say stuff that you would never say to them. You say stuff that you would be so embarrassed and politic. Batchelor right, I'm gonna, be honest, guilty pleasure. I need to watch the bad. Why you would love it I love? It took me so I'm so into reality. But do you want a fiance 90-day fiance bro? That's the trash, the real [ __ ], really, okay, I have to check out two hours: long bro, oh my god, my point is- is like I rip those girls apart I'm like in my bed, I'm like this chicks, [, __, ], crazy. This chick like I, don't exactly like you! You say these things, but they're not like I would never. Actually she was in the room. Never do that! Here's the thing I would never tweet something like that, like even take like a Glock out of it. I wouldn't I'm, not the type of person who would open my phone well at that person and be like you're, psycho, I. Think those first of all, that's because you're you're, sane and well-adjusted I mean you know relatively I'll, say the same for myself, but these are people that don't ever expect that you would actually read that now. Here's the gnarly [ __ ], and this is why I don't respond because I've done it in the past and somebody will say something like that for Nightline in the limo, so turbo blah blah blah and I was like I wrote that line because I thought for tonight was kind of fun and I was a year ago you were playing for tonight, yeah and so I, so I just said the line. Would you rather me rap about something that I don't like and that isn't myself and they're like yeah? That makes so much sense? Hey bro can have some tickets usually, but like it's always so it's very it's very like the there's, the 1% that will stick to their guns and be like [, __ ], you, you [ __ ] like yeah, it's pretty rare but I've. Yet to ever have like anybody like in my face, say some [ __ ], because it's the thing is, everybody knows I can rap and everybody knows their substance and my music and I talk about [ __ ] from the heart. It just is what it like you can't. You could be like. Oh, that you know that Keanu Reeves, like somebody tried to say it, was a glorified mumble, rap and I'm like this is hilarious like that we're just in this place where people, but they have their own opinions, and what I've learned is. Is it's art like back in the day you know, you'd have kings and sorry I, keep feeling like I'm only talking to him, but it's good, but there's like um there's. You know there was kings in the like Renaissance and all this that would Commission these artists, and some of these artists would paint like you know, men having sex or or women together or this or this these things that these artists would be murdered over hmm and it's kind of no different today, as far as social media and just in general, like your art, is not yours anymore. When you release it, it's just yeah, it's just not yours, and at the end of the day you know this loud minority could say things like. Oh it's not the same, or it's not that this or it's not that and it's like well then stop listening to my music. Stop coming to my concerts, stop giving me millions of dollars and buying my merchandise, stop doing all these things. But the thing is: is those aren't really the people who are or not or not? That's the thing yeah. Another thing that I kind of accepted is that no matter who you are or what you're doing when it gets to a certain scale, there's just a statistical inevitability that there's only a certain amount of people. They're gonna hate you and not like what you're doing yeah. So if everybody loves you first of all, that's impossible, but when you get to a certain scale, there's gonna be people that are contrary. N' I mean that's all. It is there's every carryin one of the gnarliest things I think I ever saw on the Internet was a comment for Kendrick Lamar's humbly mm-hmm, and he says what did you say like show me something real or something like ass with some stretch month out the photos yeah without the Photoshop, yeah and so I love. That line, because, basically saying like yo like ya real natural women, sure some women look like goddesses, but you know there's other women who you know just got it a little thick and they got some stretch marks or what it is and he's like. I don't want the fake I want the real I, don't want the facade, and so I saw some comment. That was like how dare you with your sexual fetishes of stretch marks and your objectifying? You can't say anything so it's a I think, honestly, being off social media is the right play, because it's just it's and I think I'm happy what you're tapping into yeah we're. It applies to normal people at almost as much because dude, when everything on social media is so depressing. Oh, my god on Instagram everybody looks I know this is like a a well-trodden comment, but it's so true that everybody you see them at their best. You see them at their happiest. You see them with their best clothes on vacation in front of a mural with their friends. Wait for my album. You know what I'm saying yeah. It sounds really. You know I get I start I, find myself thinking a lot about it, because we're gonna have a kid, and now kids have smartphones like from a really young age and I. Wonder like I, see how it affects us and we're adults yeah, and we in it really affects us, I want what is it like for a kids changing their brain yeah, but that's. The other thing is I was looking at other artists years ago, not not as of recently but I was looking like to him like how come he gets more likes. How come he gets this? How come I'm, you know, I'm selling out, shows way bigger than him or this or that, and it becomes this like nasty thing. What a trite well yeah and now I'm like man, anybody who's winning I, don't give a damn who you are I, don't care the type of music like if you're talking about like [, __, ] and hoes. It's like hey man nobody's at the club, like you know, [ __, ]. Listening to you know, NAS is illmatic like in the club like we listen to NAS, because we want to you know, provoke our thoughts and like really digest that [ __ ], with, like a you, know, bomb we'd strain but like when you're in the club like yeah, you want to listen to post. You want to listen to. You know whoever's popping like that's what you want and there's a time in place for it, but also there's this this. This negative way of thinking cuz, you know, like I'm, excited I'm working on the soundtrack now for my novel and it's all like it's hard to explain it's like a it's. Definitely like some indie [, __ ], it's like Indian singing, and it's really. It's really awesome and it's a story of love about shredder, about just the main character and how he falls in love with this woman and all this other stuff whatever. And if we're talking about super Marcus, super Marcia talked about that and I novel yeah when I was young. I was like yo singing is wack like if you sing it on your track, like that [ __ ] is garbage. Son like this is me at like 17 years old and I couldn't sing at all and as I got older, like I said, I wanted to challenge myself, not just doing rap album after rap. Album I like I, want to do different things and I want to grow and so I started. You know singing and and and doing different things, but the funny thing is there is no [ __ ] way. That's somebody. Anybody would be like you'll sing in his garbage if they had a voice like Adele right but they're, listening to like the most underground hip-hop. Are they really gonna, say I'm, not gonna sing like an angel, because that shit's whack yeah, but it's just these people that are so in their own box in their own thing. You know it's the same [ __ ] like when Drake came out. Everybody was clowning him for singing mm-hmm I was clowning, I was like what is this and then I'm like oh [, __ ], it's the best I ever had like you, because I was just so underground and idiotic and like Drake, inspires me to you know, be a better artist. So it's pretty funny but yeah the book supermarket is a novel. That's coming out actually have the date here in March, yeah March, some I forgot you've you've written a 26, the March. This is what I call you a Renaissance man in the beginning, because thank you, you are an artist you're, a musician but you've just you're about to release a book which is on pre-order. You can pre-order an Amazon supermarket and you also are working on a movie. You told me about yes, you are. You are everywhere man, you are hardworking individual. Thank you so tell me about the process of making a book, because that is just a completely different medium from what you're used to working on uh. Well, I was reading like I always hated reading, just because of the school system and just how they like they just they just made it. This totally unappealing experience you're right, like you have to do this or you have to do whatever yeah and I just wasn't with it and I never enjoyed it, and so, when I was like 25 years old, that's the first time, I really decided to like read a book. Hmm and I. Don't know why but I picked these Indiana Jones novels, I! Guess because it's like I've seen the movies I can relate. I can see this character in my head, so I read like eight of them and then I'm reading, like hg wells time, machine and all these other different novels and I got into a ready player. One by Ernest Cline was more my favorite books of all I love it and he's become a good friend and mentor of mine. He's a bomb and I was like. You know what I'm a red book and my buddy Christian who's in the other room who's. My day-to-day manager, [ __ ] [ __ ], he's like he was like you can't write a put bro and I was like yeah I can't easily get his red book cause. You read both for a week. Yes, I can and then I did well. That's a yeah. Most of us I'll read a book for a week. I'm like I'm gonna write a [, __ ] burn yeah, but then I forget about it. Maybe that's the difference between me and you, man, I was just driven. I was excited and I honestly him telling me that, like actually kind of lit a fire under my ass right, but no I mean I, was going through a lot of [ __ ] man like a lot of [, __, ] and and the book it's so weird, it's hard to kind of explain what it is like I did my best with my editor Stewart I Simon &amp; Schuster, to create, like a just a just a brief paragraph, on kind of what the the book is about, but it's basically about this guy who deals with insane anxiety and depression and loss, and it's I just it's so weird because it's like how do you promote a book without giving it away mm-hmm, because it's like very important, it's sci-fi, so it's like sci-fi, but it's it's! It's I mean if it it takes place in the most mundane place. Ever in a supermarket, but I wrote half of it. I wrote the first half of it when I was at my probably lowest point when it came to anxiety, and so much of the book is like, with the exception of you, know, hallucinations and gnarly [ __ ], like that it is what I was experiencing and I just but I put it in this fictional place and then I stopped. Writing it for two years and the second half of the book actually takes place two years later and then he's in a much better place where I found myself mm-hm and so by the time I, like you know, hit the hand. It was like very emotional, because I was like I'm a totally different person, as is my character, and it's also about it's. I mean this isn't a big deal, but it's about a guy who's writing a book for the first time. So that allowed me to kind of get away with a lot of [, __, ] and just say you know who gives a damn and there are moments when I think, like man, you know, there's there's like the the highbrow. You know: establishment of people who that are gonna, read this book and be like oh, but I didn't write it for them. I wrote it for myself, I wrote it to vent and I wrote it for honestly. I wrote it for not just young people, but all people who don't give a [ __ ] about books and I, wrote it in a very just fun way where you can go through this, this entire experience and this this story and enjoy it. It's like full of like sex and murder, and you know, drugs and all this cool, [, __ ]. You know that it's like yeah, it's really it's really fun and I. You said you were inspired by Quentin Tarantino, oh yeah, and that's that's a very Quinton Tarantino line, oh yeah, where he's like it's when he gets approached by like really nasty I, some be interviewed by this like old, Christian, lady and she's. Like do you really think that young people should be watching your video v's? She was talking about Kill Bill he's like yeah. It's got a murder he's like it's fun chanted he's such a legend. I know JJ Abrams was telling me about him, I gotta, say James gotta, say the mold name yeah, my buddy, you gotta. Let him know uh Nobby hehe he was I was like man he's so like awesome. Is he that cool in person he's like yo he's even bet he's? Oh yeah you'll meet him. I was like what you'll meet him and I was like it. Didn't. Pop fiction was one of my first movies that I, like I, fell in love with yeah mine was killed bill. That's how I discovered hip hop. Did you know that? That's so strange yeah I mean that's really so the RZA made the sound trade, the soundtrack and I didn't know who the hell RZA was, but I knew wu-tang clan. We all know what an clan you know and then I found out that RZA was in whoo tang clan and I discovered wu-tang and then through that I got all their individual albums and I got only built. 4 Cuban Linx by Raekwon, the chef and nas, was on that and that's how I truly discovered all new houses, music and then from there it's a it was a rap but yeah, it's all cuz of Terrance. You know who I still have I can't believe it tell me who are your favorite hip-hop artists currently or currently, and and seriously No - yeah man. Well, I love, Kendrick, I, love, Drake, I, love, Cole. Those those guys are just like just a plethora: yeah I, loved Travis is super fun, but you know: I came up on Big Daddy, Kane and Big L and, as I've said before, Tribe Called Quest and you know, Biggie, and but even dilated peoples and Jurassic 5 and, like all the super underground fun, [, __, ], yeah I mean there's there's so many especially the roots. Oh my god, Black Thought, yeah from the roots is like to me. Just you perform with a great at all. Yes have been strange, I was that's. Why I did it twice? The first time I was like freaking out. There's these moments. My buddy told me about that. That I don't have many more of, and it's nervous like true to form. Oh, my god, I'm gonna throw up and the last one. So it was when I did Jimmy Fallon. So it's like, oh my god, I'm performing in front of 9 million people with like don't mess this up. So I did that and then what else the Grammys was a huge one. Just being there did, that show was wild. That was a wonderful. You had an awesome one on Jimmy Kimmel - right, yeah, everybody yeah, oh yeah I did a black spider-man that was so fun. I was walking down, I'm, saying the part of blacks by the way black spider-man came to fruition. Good. Do you feel, like you, can kind of take credit for that? Well, it's funny before everybody's. In the comments Miles Morales is but no I meant like when I was saying that I meant like a black Peter Parker like walk, am Peter Parker be bright and yeah, but into this spider-man you got you got um halfway there we didn't get a black Peter, Park, half black way. There ya know that was fun and then meeting a man damn right. Yeah I wanted to talk about bro. So, first of all, so you recently performed with Eminem in Hawaii - a huge how many people were in the ATM I. Don't know it was a lot as a state line. I was like 30 to 50,000 yeah insane amounts yeah. First of all tell me what is meeting Eminem mean to you. I mean. Was that so much listen, - I haven't been like there's. Yes, of course, like he's one he's the first rap verse, I ever memorized on forgot about Dre, hmm, and you know I was so young I remember. My sister took two sides of a tape. This is I'm dating myself right now, but the you know these old cassette tapes and she had it on each side of it that she had done for me and dude I mean it's Eminem bro. You know what I mean. It's like the goat, yeah, so really I was excited that he first and foremost had invited me to come. Do the show. Out of that is really come through. It's a long story, it's a long story. It's like we got time. If you don't want to say, I can't explain, but it was very cool. That's all I said I get this invite from him. That's amazing yeah that recognition from really the highest place insane so we're in Hawaii and I'm there and I was just like really stoked and I know: I'm gonna meet him and I, but the whole time I was like cool like whatever, like it's all good, like yeah. This is cool and even in the stadium, like I, wasn't really nervous about the fact that I'm in a stadium, I was just excited. It was my first time performing in Hawaii I've always wanted perform, never had so I was just excited and then I didn't realize the magnitude of [ __ ]. Until you know his security guards. Tell my security guys tell me that it's time, and so it's like a seven minute trek through this stadium. Am I getting like a car and I go through all the gnarly [ __ ] and we get. We walked there and I'm there with Paul Rosenberg who's over at Def Jam he's the president Def Jam and he's his his manager. So I don't know if you remember those old, the the first songs he would do and he would like Paul would call him, like. You can't say this crazy, ass, [, __ ], and that was him so we're there and he walks me backstage and who did I see. First I'm trying to remember I, think alchemist came out. So Alchemist is an incredible producer, he's also a super ill spitter and he's Eminem's, deejay and he's just like I mean he's worked with everybody's, been around everybody. Primo and and Dilla and I mean just a huge staple and hip-hop for me and for many others, and so he was super cool as [ __, ] and then I saw Royce, two five, nine and Royce me and him are homies. So seeing him made me a lot more comfortable which was really awesome and then and then mr. Porter was there and he was super cool I didn't know. I was like I, never met this guy and he was just like so just cool and open and nice and then having a game and Eminem comes out of [ __ ] hoodie wrapkin in a napkin knows super [, __ ] cool man, just like so he's like hey. What's up I'm nervous and I'm like hey I'm, [, __, ] nervous like I, just let him know I'm like yo, you guys, if I'm being weird. This is a big deal for me and I was like look I get it and I wasn't trying to sound like I didn't like say this, because I don't want to sound like an [, __ ]. But it's like I know what it's like. When people are nervous to meet me, you know and they're like shaking crying [, __, ] and but I get it I'm, always cool about it. But I didn't want to come off that way, but I also didn't want to come off just in genuine, like sup yeah nice to meet ya yeah. What's up Marshall I was like I was genuine. I was just like dude. If I seem a little weird or a little red in the face, it's cuz I may be on like I'm so happy to be here with well I'll, say: I saw you kind of gushing on I could tell you was so excited, I! Think it's good. It's such a meaningful experience and you were very expressive about that. I think that's very cool yeah. It had to be so honest, but the cool thing like I've met a lot of people and they've. So many of them have been insanely cool and they invite you in a sec, hey what's up and you guys just kind of talk for a while and then you know if they want, because I'm not big on pictures mm, I I don't want to invade anybody. Space I don't want somebody to think I'm there for a picture, but it typically tends to benefit both parties. If you guys take a picture and post it on Instagram, because everybody gets excited that you're together, but they were like. We want a picture and I was like. Oh, my god, that's so cool, and so you know we took a picture, but the biggest thing was just talking. Hip-Hop. We talked about freestyles versus writtens versus like the arrow we're in and the time and the [ __ ], you could say, and the [ __ ], you can't say and he's like I just say, but you know, but it's just like all this stuff it was. It was a really special special experience and I won't really get into what we talked about, because it's a it's a memory for me yeah, you know, and it was. It was really spot everybody. It wasn't just em and it was mr. Porter and Royce and Paul and an alchemist. They were all just so kind and it I mean we were chilled like 20 minutes. That's awesome like I had to go to the stage you know, and it was it was. It was an incredible experience. I'll always cherish and he's a really good dude man and he just loves rap right. He just loves rap yeah. You can tell yeah it's incredible. Damn yeah! That's awesome! Pretty sick I'm glad you had that experience me too, it was, it was a well actually. You were supposed to come on the podcast last week. That's why I can it was a big day and you're, like hey man, I heard from Dan from your manager, yeah yeah he's like Oh mm, invited him to do a show in Hawaii and I was like that mother to blow me up, yeah, it's pretty, but I wasn't even like I'm at [, __, ], jay-z and beyonce bro yeah, and they were super cool. They were like they're like royalty. It was weird they way. I can say. Did they look? Did that that or of like guilty? They walked in. Like slow motion like you know, there's like 90, like the white girl walks in it's like, oh, my god, it's Jenna right yeah that was jay-z and Beyonce. That's why but Eminem it was, it was like I was different, but I was also bombarded by jay-z and Beyonce. I was in New York at this spot called legacy records which I love to go not to flex, but I was at Jerry Seinfeld's house. Oh, that's a flood, yes, look something like and his wife was like you. Gotta try this spot and I was I really rhyme, Phil's house yeah back it up in in Manhattan. Where does he live? Don't give me the address yeah yeah yeah he's in the city, but the wild part. Is he wasn't there so I met him in Vegas. I met him in Vegas and he was so. There was literally nobody there. He just walks in he's like, oh, my god, he knew you yeah. He knew me because of his wife. Well they'd saw my professor fin yeah she's super cool Oh and so but their daughter as well Sasha, who's, really sweet, and so they saw me on the Grammys when I basically was like all these countries aren't [, __, ] holes and, oh sure, oh she's, ready and yeah. They were super cool and then they he was supposed to be there, but he had a gig and I was like. Oh I, don't give a [ __ ] I, just wanna hang out with you guys. You guys seem super cool, so I went to their house and we all just hung out and like got food, and then she told me about this. Spot called legacy records his wife, so we went to legacy records a restaurant yeah. It's like a restaurant, lounge bar it's like really cool. It sounds super bougie, but it's like very chill. It's not weird, and so we go and I go a couple times and then I. So this is one of the later times that I was there for some I forget what anyway and we're just chilling and in [ __ ] walks jay-z, and we hear that the door opened. We hear that we hear that jay-z was like next door and I was like. Oh that's cool, but he's probably not gonna come over here, like no biggie and then Pepe. My security guard walks over and he goes like this and he shows the rockefeller diamond. So I guess I wasn't as nervous for that, because I didn't really know his ID on me like a sudden thing, but with Eminem it was like his probably was one of the nerd most new build up, but the crazy [ __ ] is is I, was so nervous when I met em, but by the time I left. It felt like a friend now that was so cool like it wasn't. It wasn't weird yeah, Jerry, Seinfeld's and and Larry David yeah, our what's Jerry's Jerry's like a billionaire, was his house [ __ ] out of this world. It was insane, wasn't Matta, but I only saw like two storeys of it. So you know I'm pretty sure he's got like a five story. Yeah he's got a building, it was cool man I mean not to like give the details of his house away. So he was the in breath. It was Jerry's, got it on lockdown. What's it? What is it? What's? His Simpsons address six something yes, Evergreen Terrace! No! No! It was super cool, though it was really sweet. It was really nice. It was cool. His wife loves to cook yeah, see on it. I follow on Instagram yeah she's, like this she's, like so cool yeah, you got to be a special character. I feel like to marry Jerry Seinfeld yeah anyway. I got some fan, questions all right and there there's some really good ones here. So you know, I was biracial. I was there. There were a couple of those I made the editorial decision not to ask so this one comes from yourselves and he asks hi, Bobby and Ethan I went to gatorsburg high school okay, let's say that right, gatorsburg Gaithersburg high school a few years ago and I'm a huge fan of both you. My question is to both you: how does the balance between luck and hard work factor in to your success? How does look play into having a hit song or a viral video? You built very successful in the ways that some people claim requires luck, it's my belief that, no matter how hard you work, at least some luck is required because there are so many people that will work very hard and still not make it actually I've thought about this, and the truth is that there's always luck and success. But luck is the outcome of like resilience and dedication hard work. The luck that I consider in my life was being born in America. You know my the luck that I consider my life is the happenstance of meeting ela, which mole good things came in my life at the Holocaust Museum at the but like if I didn't, meet, ela, there's no way, I, don't think that in a parallel universe, that I would be an entertainer right because, well, you guys know the story. So the luck in my life I consider to be the things that were completely out of my control. That I was just so fortunate to have these opportunities to be born in America with opportunity to meet ela. You know to go on this trip to Israel and all there's. So many opportunities for those that path to be diverged in a different direction, but I was so fortunate that by spite that's just a pure cosmic luck that the path led to you- and everything came from that. So, oh my god, but in terms of like the hard work and the dedication and the being on a mission to succeed at what we're doing that, I, don't think was I. Don't think about that as well yeah. That was we worked for years and years and years before anyone care to watched our videos or [ __ ]. We made [ __ ] for a long time, but we just stayed focused because that's what we wanted to do. You know like sorry, that's it that's not! No! It's I! You know how many songs I have and there's you know. There's fans who know that I have all these songs, but the reason they never came out is because it's like there's no footage of Jordan in the gym missing. You know to me and it's like for me: yeah, you can call it luck. I moreso see it as like energy. You know it's just weird: I'm yeah, the energy man, you know II think, but for me, I worked every single day, yeah every single day on music and raps and rhymes in production like I made it my entire life. There was no way that something was not going to come from it just right. There was nothing else and I think that's a you know, there's a not to plug somebody else's book, but it's a book called Think and Grow Rich and there's basically this this quote unquote secret to success, but I, don't think it's a secret I think it's very simple. It's very easy and I've already said a persistence, determination, realism and wanting success more than your next breath. Right and I. Think the truth of the matter is that you cannot read a book and then be like. Oh it's is you have it you have that right, yeah, you know what, if you can't teach it yeah and learn it you. You know, there's no book, that's gonna, tell you you just you. Have it and you're gonna get it or you're? Not because this person's point is some people work really hard and they don't make it and I mean, but it's like it's not I need to see really really hard I. Something will come out of it, but you also have to be good because if you're working really hard, that means that you're good. So is that I guess? That's luck. You know yeah I! Guess it's luck to be born with a certain. No no, like I couldn't sing I couldn't sing for [ __ ]. Now I can sing I'm, not I, don't sound like [ __, ], Sam Smith, but I can sing right, but I couldn't before I couldn't play the piano. Okay. What about someone like Jimmy, Lee, EULA, who's, Jimmy, Lee, okay, so Jimmy Lee is ways there. Another P break because I have to pee so bad you can. You can run, go to the back, I'm! Sorry, guys, I'm, gonna, I'm gonna go pee! Really quick! That's all good! You guys talk about Jimmy, Lee yeah! That's a great thank you long to describe who J yeah. So what do you think about Jimmy Lee's case cuz? He works hard, he is dedicated. He emails me every day, his new videos, that's full dentist, that's true! You don't get you don't get to be everything. You don't get everything! Okay, you get something ready. That's a good point! Yeah! You worked hard and hard and hard and you didn't make it show me so people we don't know. Jimmy Lee is like he's a dentist, and then he decided to try to become a comedian when he it's not gonna ball. He yeah, but he's a successful dentist, extremely stylist. You wonderful dentist, a few offices and multiple locations doing really what bubs yeah I don't know that I. Consider luck to be the things that are completely out of your control, everything else, the work, the learning, the dedication, the sacrifice. That's, not luck! You know what I'm saying you got to accept some credit. There's a certain level of humility where you're like you want to be like, oh yeah, no I was I was lucky. You know you, you want to be humble, but sometimes I've always liked. Jerry Seinfeld's take on it and he doesn't like to think that anything is lucky. Well, what's useful about that, he's very he's a super hard-working oh yeah comedian and he's very meticulous and tedious in his writing and like he's every word has to be the exact right word to be funny, and he, when you ask him about that, I've seen him talk about it. He's not really like accepting that statement of oh I was lucky you're telling me there's comedians out there that were more dedicated than Jerry I mean Jerry is like a max dedication. Mm-Hmm his life. Every breath he took every moment every day is also a genius yeah buddy, but yeah I, don't know. I I always had a problem with this question. Cuz it's a it is a question. The problem is that it doesn't do anything. Did you pee that fast bro, what never [ __ ] you like teleported video, a real MIT dude that was a fast world record holy [ __ ] I wanted to leave people hanging I'm, like legitimately out of breath. Yeah I appreciate that I. Think. In short, the answer is that question doesn't help anyone. It's like this question. Do we have free? Well, it's like who cares? It doesn't do anything you just [ __ ]. Let me just [ __ ] on this guy's question. I love my problem. For example, your answer said you said that you're lucky to be born here. Well, I wasn't I was born in Israel, right I'm here now, so I don't know it. That was my luck. Though. Hey can I ask you guys a really quick question: yeah yeah. What is your I'm just curious, because I see some people do and some people don't reason you don't rare, wear wedding bands? Oh I, just find it awful it's annoying. It's really I am OCD about it. I, don't I, don't care about the whole like symbolic, yeah I. Have my wedding ring I'll, wear it sometimes, but I just I have a different ring that I find more comfortable. Is it just so you get hit on when you go to the club, I just gonna say: I, don't even go to clubs he's in the club. He's like yeah mistake. Us first thing: Elkins we're always together and we we don't go out really to clubs. I was another guy. Yeah I was really good to wear my wedding band when we got married and I worked for like three months but I'm I'm, really OCD, yeah and I was just fidgeting with it all the time it was just driving me crazy, yeah, okay, yeah, so comments, mm-hmm questions and yeah next one. Thank you yourselves. Even though we trashed you dougies asks hey, Bobby long time, rat-pack member here. What is your favorite video game currently or which one are you most hyped for in the future? Oh man, that's a good one! Can't wait for the last of us to so that's a big one for me and my favorite video game. Currently the office season he's in a revolt, I, don't know, I got really baked. Last night it was playing a super meatboy I'm just so into there me I, just love it right, it's so fun! Maybe I should hit those devs and see if they'll make my game that'd be sick right. You should hit those already have a title and everything but I don't say. Is it Bobby boy [Laughter] I've been playing Kingdom Hearts? Is it good I? Never it's the worst [ __ ] game, but I still keep playing it, so it doesn't make any sense. The combat is insanely stupid, you're you're, triggering the [ __ ]. Out of you note here, the dialogue is the dumbest [ __ ]. So what I do is I mute. The game I skip every cutscene I've been listening to Howard Stern, while I play and I mute. It I skip every cutscene and um. It's tolerable that way. Nice yeah, oh I, read I, read a 5 out of 5. Ok, ask em! Everybody in is like red in the face right now: Ian, it's you have to admit in. Even if you love it and you cherish it, and you know it's part of your childhood and sequels so exciting. You have to admit on some level that it's awful I'm just gonna mute. You like you, mute again, you're being cheeky, but I want to be real. I mean it like. You think that the voice acting and the dialogue is good. I don't want to get into it's to my gun. All right. Next question from Peter Vanek: oh I'm, skipping ahead: oh Jesus, Christ, listen! Let's take it back! Danger moves one: two five Sinatra gained you get a lot of flack in the industry from haters too even your own fans trying to tell you what to do. How do you stay true to yourself, despite all the people actively trying to change you? That's a such a great question. You know that's so gnarly um man, how do I answer that I I am the same person in my heart that I've always been I've, changed it matured and grown as just a human being and as an artist and all that, but like the values and what I represent, and what I do are the same when I record a turn up song I do that because there are so many people who really enjoy Bobby Tarantino. You know that that, like that Lane of music, when I make boom bap hip hop I do that for those people you know when I have this supermarket soundtrack, there's gonna be it is not a hip-hop album period and a lot of people could be like bah, bah bah, but then I have another album. You know it's there's all these, these things that people can say and do say, but a true fan of somebody is gonna, love and appreciate them, no matter what and they could sit there and say to themselves like. Oh this song, like a real fan, points out the things they like about something before they then go. But you know I, like the beat better on this song or I, like I kind of like the the more turn up stuff, because it's fun with my friends when we're just hanging out having a good time you know or whatever so I, just don't really think about it, whether it's fans or haters or this or that because, like I always say, I make the music for the people who enjoy it, not the ones who don't it's. Just the it's kind of just like the most honest thing ever, the gnarly [ __ ], is when you have people to be like. Oh he's changed, or he's only doing this. For this, like like when 1/800 came out the song. There was all these people, like, oh he's, making songs just for the radio, and it's like oh yeah, yeah I was in a studio like man when a song about [ __ ], often yourself be like the best marketing ploy of all like no way dude like I. You know I'd traveled the world and had people say that my music saved their lives and I was like holy [, __, ] I didn't even try, so imagine if I actually took the time to just write a song from the perspective of somebody who's really going through it. You know to me because I know what that's like and I just did it and I did it from a place in my heart of love and happiness and and hoping that it would just be there for anybody who might need it. The gnarly part is- and this is like not. This is just fact: there was a lot of celebrities, unfortunately, who took their lives and a span of it coming out. There was the whole 13 reasons. Why thing that was like you know pop in, and it was just all these things and like mental health like I used to get made fun of for talking about mental health like just even a few years ago, I was I was in a Pittsburgh and I was crying onstage, because I was throwing up just before I hit the stage. I was so Slyke messed up and yet I'm being told, like you know it just felt trapped like I had to do. You know, 50 shows in a row and I had to do this in Xyz blah blah blah and I was just honest with the crowd and I broke down, not because I was all like [ __ ] up I broke down because I loved them so much and I was like I. Don't even want to be here right now, but you make me want to continue and I love. You guys shredder ready, he's, feeling me and I love you guys and and and you're. Why I do this, but even more important than you guys is me and my my mental and physical health and being happy with myself. So you know I've been there and it wasn't a cool thing to do a song about. So that's not why it's not. Why I do anything that I do you know I mean I, don't do it just because it's cool, like even in my turn up songs, like oh yeah, sure I'll, be like yeah all these [ __ ], while my deacon blah blah blah but I'll be like, but can't [, __ ] with no hos need a good girl, though like, if that's still who I am as it as a person. So when anybody ever tries to like tell me who I am or this or that I just remember these are people who've never met me. Anybody who shakes my hand and I have a conversation with they're like oh [, __ ], like I, don't watch how do I introduce myself Bobby I'm Bobby, hey I'm, Bobby like when we sit down. We do [, __ ], like this okay, yeah sure, I'm, logic yeah, but when I introduce you know myself to your buddies, helping make. This show incredible. It's like I'm, not looking [ __ ] lot like these people, don't know who the [ __ ] I am so I. Just remember that and I remember, like that's, okay, even the most die-hard fan, who like supports every little thing shredder. Does he get a peek, even the most die-hard fan? Who supports like every little thing that I do they still don't fully know me, you know and, and it sucks on both ends, because it's like I wish I could know every single fan, but long story short I. Do not let it affect me it used to when somebody would be like. Oh, why are you talking about fortnight in a song like why the [ __ ]? Does it matter? Is that really what we're talking about here? What about all these other lines or all this this and I feel like it's? The maturing process of every artist involves confronting that yeah that challenge people challenging who you are, and it's like, you think you know who you are, but all of a sudden all these people that don't know you are challenging who they think you are yeah and there's a really there's a real crisis of identity. That I think is only inevitable for most people to go through. We really struggle with the concept of yourself and other people's concepts of yourself. I know, that's what I've been dealing with, but the biggest thing I talked to Jay Cole about that when I was in it, this was like a while ago. This is when I decided to give up social media for the most part and and I was like talking to him, and all these people are saying all these things about me. You know whether it's like personal things or things I've gone through publicly with relationships or XYZ, and all these people think and they know why X happened or this or why you suck or whatever, and he was like. Why do you? Why does it matter to you and I was like what do you mean, and he gave me this really sick tip and basically you just kind of interview yourself. It's it's like you interview yourself. So this is what I did. This is how he had me: do it and I still do it and you go okay, I'm really upset that people think X about me, whatever it whatever it is. Why well because I'm, a good guy, okay, cool you're, a good guy, you tell yourself you're a good guy, so why does it matter that they know you're a good guy? Well because I want them to know I'm a good guy I'm, not this person that a TMZ tabloid has made me be yeah, but why does it matter and I'm like because yeah? But why do you want them to like you? Well, I guess, because I want to be accepted. Well, why do you want to be accepted because it's human to be accepted? Okay, yeah? No for sure it's human! You want to be accepted by your friends and people who love you and care about you, but you want to be accepted. Why do you want to be accepted by the people who blatantly don't like you, mm-hmm? Well, I. Don't know well, think about it. Why I guess? Because if these people and these tastemakers and these blogs and these hip-hop, you know whatever accept me- then it'll. Allow me to feel better about accepting myself and then you just ask yourself these questions and get all the way down to it and that's like, but I already accept myself, so [ __ ] you like and then, but it's easier said than done dude. It really is. You know people hate, Jay, Cole, I, see a lot of [ __ ] they hear gets in a cyclist. Oh your bathroom key I saw oh thank you. Yeah. We lose those a lot. We go, I don't get that people I saw a tweet I thought it was so great he's like people who hate Jay. Cole are just weirdos because there's like because people are just contrary, they'll hate anyone, and it's just one of those situations where it's like. Why do the [ __ ], like that's? It comes back to where we are right now, like there's a difference like I've seen you guys rip people apart mm-hmm for entertainment as it as a joke. You know and I've also seen you do some very serious things like as far as just like, where you may stand politically or whatever I [ __ ] hate that all that. But you know what I mean, just like your take on like the world and that's okay, but there's a difference between like that and being an entertainer and being on camera and knowing exactly what you're doing and then just really trying to hurt someone yeah tear them down, tear them apart. Yeah and that's the thing is everybody wants to be famous, that's a real thing, I'm, so excited for you guys to hear this album I'm working on it's so gnarly, and it's about that. It's about Fame and social media and where we are, as in society and cliques and likes, and and not just from like the perspective of someone who's in the in the limelight, but somebody you know a 13 year old girl in eighth grade who's like looking at these like Instagram models and saying oh well, this has more likes than your. You know, Jane next door, so I got to look like this or I have to alter my body. It's another thing like even with like plastic surgery and [ __ ] right I'm, like hey, do whatever you want to do. You know like do whatever? Whatever you want to do to be happy, that's fine! You know if a chick wants, bigger, boobs or I, don't know, for you know, ladies in her 60s, and doesn't like her neck flap like okay. If something, that's really bothering you for you personally cool, but what's really makes me sad, is when both these men and women completely reconstruct their bodies, not for them, but for how they are perceived by others, and that's sick man that just that's the [ __ ]. That makes me sad, and so when people come to me and they're like because they're like oh, you know, they could say whatever to this. This girl, like you, know your face, is this or your ass? Is that or blah blah blah people say that to me about my music? Oh, you rap like this here and you don't do this here and you don't do that and that can make you want to change. Mm-Hmm and I've had to realize like no I'm, not gonna change, because if I do all that, if there's this people over here that are like change all this about your album and then you'll be good mm-hmm and then I change. All that about my album and all those people go everyone's mad yeah, but then they'll be like you know, you might have these people that that's pretty cool, that's pretty cool, that's pretty cool, but then you have your entire fanbase. That loves you. That goes. Why did you change? Those people will never be happy either exactly, but you'll never be happy. If you want everyone, it's just it's it. No, it's sick, I know exactly what you mean: man yeah man, god damn anyway, but I will say you can do whatever you want with your body. I, don't give a [ __ ]! No! But you're right! You got it it's hard to know the difference between if you're doing it for yourself or for other people, but yeah. There's such a like I mean you. Have you look at to someone like Kim Kardashian, who was kind of ideal beauty? These days or something but her her body is not realistically obtainable without plastic surgery, she's got a huge ass. She got huge fake titties. Her she's got plastered all over the place. It's fine for her. She makes it work. That's you know, she's got a thing, but people look at that and they don't know that that's not natural and they compared to their own body. Yeah like [, __, ] like why don't I, you know it's like dude, that's not possible. That's that's! Literally. It's like when girls used to look through magazines at models and they would say. Oh that's, not realistic, because it's Photoshop, you got that in real life. Now you've got real life, photoshopped bodies walking around yeah. Now it's pretty it's pretty gnarly. This wasn't! No. This is a super EXTREME. What I'm about to say? But you know you have indigenous peoples all around the world. Who could do things like elongate their neck or you know cutting into their body, and it's these things that seem. You know sexy you're, attractive or whatever, so they are all turret cutting their lips in their ears and oh, like the gnarly [ __ ]. Now you know Beverly Hills 90210 like doctor, like there's a big difference, but it's funny how, in a way it's like that, you know that's our society's way of making ourselves more sexy or appealing it's weird yeah, it's pretty gnarly! It is straight, but it's also cultural. Like there's times period like now, we were very much about the ass. That's what it's all about! 10 20 15 years ago, the ass wasn't really. It wasn't like that. Yeah and I feel like in ten years, different fashions yeah, but it was weird cause like in 90s movies. Like you ever see, white women be like it's. My ass fat, like all the white dudes, but the brothers were like hey. You know what black culture is is influencing culture again, indeed booty. That's that ass influence now make that ass. Shake that ass girl. You know that song yeah, that was in whatever soda Rican already oh yeah funny, where richest party, let me see what you got. I always thought it was strange how girls were worried about their ass licking big though I mean a man I think women are beautiful seriously, like all colors shapes and sizes, they're, not a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman to me what's attractive, is a woman who takes care of herself. That's it that's the big that is the biggest thing it's like. If, if she just takes care, it's not like you have to be this like insane athletic or XYZ. It's just like you eat moderately, okay and just exercise right, caribou. Talking about that recently. That's so much about what being attractive is yeah just taking care of yourself yeah. That's it that's! You could be the most beat-up-looking [ __ ] up genetically. But if you look at and take care yourself, somebody's gonna, [, __ ], you yeah, you know at any rate from so just read her get the [ __ ], see what I know he doesn't see. What I did there he is. He is always snubbed. He [ __ ] everything that moves, but I think the girl, the girl dogs, don't like the little the little guy. You just got to bring him over to my crib, so he can hang out with Stoney yeah. You know why my dog's name is Toni, because every time I smoke, weed, I, say I'm buddy to get Stoney and this she always come running when you call her name: yeah stoner baloney, gang Stoney. This question comes from Peter, Vanek, giant logic fan and when I was at his show last year in CT there was a fight in the crowd and he stopped the entire show mid-song to make sure everyone was safe and had the girl getting attacked come backstage was just wondering. What's the craziest thing, that's ever happened to you at a show. There's a couple things that have happened. I mean one time this, like really burly [, __ ] jumped on stage and well. I can come in at me Wow. He was just really drunk and excited, but, like he literally broke, you don't understand yeah, so Jordan him pet. My security guards, where I think it was in Canada and like I, wasn't looking and that's another thing when I perform I'm, never immersed in the music, and it's kind of sad actually like I'm, always looking at people like if somebody looks really suspicious I'll go and I'll tell somebody like yo this guy with the trench coat like what the [ __ ], like you know like legit like it's so, but that's just my upbringing right, like I, could never feel like I could just relax and I understand that it's not only am I a target, but so are my fans and I want everybody to feel comfortable we're in a gnarly time. I mean it's always been crazy, really but anyway. So this dude, like totally comes at me and I, think he was just trying to give me like a bear. Hug. My but I didn't see him and I was turned this way and I was just chilling like doing my little wraps whatever and I see pet and he comes and his eyes are wide he's like move and I just like jump up on this like contrat mint on stage and the guy just misses me, and they just choke in the hallways and do that yeah. That was one one of the one of the big ones that comes to mind as I was on. I was on tour like 2013, and this kid jumped off the second balcony and landed on stage. What and I think he might have broke his leg holy [, __ ] and he just gets at it just like Falls and into like a surfing the crowd. My never that was crazy. I've had people throw [, __, ] onstage, but I, don't [ __ ]. With that, oh yeah, you get kicked out real, quick I'll, stop the whole. You see him. Is it easy to tell her through it a lot of there a lot of the times? You can see the direction and people are people like it was this guy. Do they call me? Sometimes they don't cuz, they don't want to feel like a snitch but I'm just like, but it's like dude yeah, an idiot who's willing to throw something on stage like nah. That's not is not it's not happening, but then yeah I've seen I've seen people get punched, yeah I've seen like I've seen really, but you know who those people are. They aren't really fans. Those are those are like the plus one. When the super logic, families like Dan yo, do you when it comes like she logic and they're like hey I, guess they get shit-faced and they like group, someone and yeah, but I don't play that. Oh one time, I was in Canada and this girl she was like half drunk and she walks up, and she just starts flicking me off as she's walking to her seat like. Why are you here? I stopped the whole I slept the whole show and I'm like. Why are you flipping me off what the [ __ ] is wrong with you and she's like? Oh, she and she like starts hiding behind somebody. I was like no you're just go through you really just gonna. Flip me off, like that. Like a [, __, ], serious and she's like yeah [, __ ], you Baba and I, just let her stay cuz. She was just funny like she's, just like a no. No, she like intently meant it. She just obviously wasn't a fan of mine, but I was like what was were you headlining? Was that yeah? It's like what what are you doing here? Yeah, it's pretty weird another another time, I think it was actually at the same show. This is what's really gnarly when, like acts of God stopped you from doing something and people get mad at you so like it was raining in Toronto yeah like in st. there's, lightning and I'm, like I'm, ready to go on and do the show, but the cops are like no, you are legally not allowed to do this and then I was on Twitter like damn. You know this sucks like and I'm seeing comments and one of them Oh shredder, one of them's like logic you're such a [, __, ], piece of [, __, ], you're, really gonna I've been waiting out here for you, blah blah blah [ __ ] you like, and they really meant it and then like I, went back and I've seen like tweets where they're like I, Love, You, Man and you're, great and they're. Just so torn and I went out on stage and I was like, because I looked for him and I sent people into the crowd to look for this kid because I was gonna, be like [, __ ] you and kick him out like. Why would you say that, like straight up and and so I started the show and I'm doing that and I'm all like yeah peace, love and positivity, except that one kid who was like [, __, ] you and [ __ ], your mom and all this other [ __, ] and I, was like you're an [ __ ] yeah. But if you love that yeah, probably that's the thing you give them attention, they love it I just I'm, just not a big fan of bullying. Man like it's like I, don't like people who are just mean and nasty and negative towards one another. I, don't think it's fair I! Think it's kind and I won't take it for myself and I won't take it for anybody else, I see being uh being taken advantage of or treated harshly. You know a lot of people that do it just think, they're being unnoticed and can get away with it. So when you have the spotlight on me, like hey dude, yeah Blaine, what you're doing what's really funny is like I, can't explain exactly I'm trying to think of a time but [ __ ], like that is actually happened to me before, where somebody's been like so vile disgusting and nasty and I'll like retweet them and like call them out and be like like but I'm, not even like you, [ __ ] [, __ ], like I'm, not like saying the gnarly [ __, ] I'm, just like like I'll just retweet them and then like thousands of people, just destroy them mm-hmm and then I get called an [ __ ] right, because all these people and I'm, like you, know, I, don't hear these are things you learn, then I just don't do that. Yeah I want to end on this note. I've got a an email for my quote biggest hater and it was titled. Your biggest hater and I was like oh wow. This sounds phenomenal. I'm gonna read this email, so here's the email, let me put the guy's- got a My Little Pony icon, - of all things: sick, hi, Ethan, cut I'm, a TV series driver I've watched your video and futures for PewDiePie. Do you have any guess how much you made me? Angry I'll make a missile and Senate your house and blow it up. May you and your wife die I'd, be better it'd, be better. If you give me your address, I will bring a gun with me and shoot you and your wife I am your biggest hater I'd be ready to go to jail, no to go jail. I would be ready to go jail yes thing, but I would really feel good. That I wiped out a racist from this planet. May your pregnant dog and the puppy inside of it die regarde, XX, yeah love, you kiss love the kisses, love that he's like um you're, a racist and I'm gonna kill you there's! No that's great yeah! No I I was first so I like to know, wait. Ow, okay, cuz I was like this is the best one of the best yeah. A lot of likes, bro, Thank, You, Man yeah, you know so I, so he he saw that I tweeted it and he was like um he's like dude I can't. Why did you tweet that you got to take it down? He said: please don't report it to the police. I, don't know why I didn't take that part. I just took this part here and I was like hey. I. Hope. You've learned your lesson that you should not send emails like that. That post will stay up, and hopefully the FBI does not send that report to India, because the police won't investigate he's like oh I'm, just a kid in India I didn't mean anything and then he responds. But why did you report it to the police? You made a video disgracing, Indians and Indian culture received so much hate. That's why I sent the email, but nobody actually talked about it. It was nothing more than a joke. I don't even have a passport and guns are banned in India and also there's no chance. I can make a missile. I haven't even seen a gun in him. Oh, my god, I'm showing his email address. Oh yeah, buddy everybody just be [, __, ], nice and, like don't say anything, please don't it was an accident. These things happen. Can you do anything about it figure it out. It's it's out there. Okay, everyone that was a weekly show. You can cut to it for a microsecond. Well now they know and that's all I really -. It's all good. Just like people just [, __ ], be nice anyway. Say he's a sweet kid from India. That I was just messing with, but he goes to continue now he's not that [ __ ] sweet well he's a little [ __ ], but you know he said right. No, you know what you know. What happened? Is he got dogged publicly and was it came back with his tail yo? He threatened to murder your own cousin posted it on Instagram too, and she was like what is going on. You see. I was blown away by. He says he goes uh I, don't know how to make a missile there's no chance. I could even go to the United States. Even when I travel alone in my own, even I, never traveled on my own City, what will happen after the police investigate? Will they come here? Please tell me that nothing's gonna happen to me. Yeah I, don't know, but I don't know, here's a crazy thing. This is every day for us yeah every day, somebody's trying to kill you or murder you or that you're, terrible that you're stuck and [ __ ], wonder why we're humans and our feelings get hurt. They think that, because we are successful or famous or that that [ __ ] shouldn't affect us, but again we are biologically human that [ __ ]. We are not immune. It's not it's not fun. To know that someone out there doesn't like you, it's first of all bad for you being yourself yeah! It's like you know. Why do you dislike me? Yeah, no, there's a sign Phillips about that, one that one short when Jerry's girlfriend dislikes George crazy and he falls in love with her yeah, like that. I want to [ __ ] this kid you know, but you know you know that Seinfeld would not hold up. Today you're aware my dick my brothers yeah well on that note. Oh let's put this play off with that is that it yeah I think we're good. That's it I mean we've been going for two hours what's up two hours and are you serious? Yes, what's the longest podcast ever done, Wow, not fair, we did it. Our charity stream, okay, I was but a normal one. I guess like three hours yeah, we did like three and a half. Those are too long, though, to be honest with ya. Really those are tools, I'm having fun yeah, I, guess now the music's already playing all right, I appreciate you guys, thank you so much h3, h3, podcast, okay I, want to say guys make sure to check, yellow stuff destroyed. That's the theme song yeah, oh and I, want to say story, I want to say to everybody check out super market coming out in March. They can be pre-order now on Amazon, it's there it's available to be no I'll play for you guys. You just come to the crib I play for you in my studio and do it again? Okay, you can, if I can break your finger off, no no freaking engine master, they can punch the audio book which is not available for purchase yet, but it will be, is completely read by myself. That's amazing, have you been? Have you been working on that for a while yeah I got to finish? I got like another three hours to go, but it's really quite a lot of reading. I do voices and [ __ ] mm-hm, yes, I'm gonna, listen like you can see, go beyond inaudible yeah, Shay's gonna be everywhere. I'm gonna have like [ __ ] I have so many credits inaudible, you do their bite seven times really I have seven credits I'll give it all of you. Alright. Thank you. Please I love. The book cover, oh yeah, the art I didn't have to fight for it, but my publisher, it's great. What do they want? My poster just was like they want it. They wanted Sam Spratt, the guy. Who does all my albums to do it? Let me open the cover which I get but I. Don't really give a [ __ ] that I'm saying this. They wanted to change it and I was like [ __ ]. Now the fact that it is so simple and so easy, it's not a flashy thing. I just want you to enjoy it. That is perfect. You really for it. I mean it doesn't really get better than this there. It is. It's gonna be a different size, though I found out that it's just gonna be a little bigger which isn't a big deal. I'm gonna do a later edition. That's exactly like this, but I wouldn't have been a I, wouldn't have been eligible for a New, York, Times, bestseller yeah, and it's looking guys yeah. It's looking like I'm already gonna, be from that Olga's teller out the gate, which I'm really excited major time sales yeah, but they were like. It has to be eight inches by this, because the literary world and I'm saying this is so stupid. I almost didn't. Do it I, like almost like [ __, ], that it's like the people buy it do people read it. Yeah they're, like oh yeah, but I, mean I get it I mean there is a it's just, a way that they've done thing on a book. Unless it is 8 inches nice. Well, they got at least it wasn't too late, yeah yeah, that's true and yeah. So it's cool, so I'm excited guys Supermarket on Amazon, go fricken, listen, I'm excited for that. I'm excited for the new album everything you're working on and I very much appreciate you can hit it hit it welcome to Papa's house goodbye. I am so excited that you came here thanks sponsor the sponsors today were Paul's new genius money and stitch fix. Thank you for supporting us, of course, and it'd be really cool. If Nike could give me my own shoe Nike, please get a hold of my own. You know what I want to call it Nike. Let's what I want to call it? The actually I can't tell you: ok, Nike the bobble push the Bobby swish, the Bobby swish. You want to hear my yeah. You know I want to join you on a on a this. Is a night honey. What, if you go in time, sounds, are off way, you're missing something really important. I just wanna be able to hold on let's, let's get out of this fever. I would love to do really great, but we gotta go. We gotta, like like [ __ ] on some super pcs. So what I'd love to do is uh, there's a format that I absolutely love to do with you. I'm gonna find the perfect video I'm gonna be like this. Is it can you do it in white vase, [Laughter] I'm such a fan of you guys, you guys are great people. Thank my family because you're sweetheart, you were a try. Your Europe I'm, a sweetheart you're ruining my day raining, yeah, dude, HP called me sweetheart, I, think being a sweetheart is cool. Not me too I said somebody was really sweet. I said a rapper was really sweet once and they were like what the [ __ ] yo dude. So it's always a sweet [, __, ], [, __, ] I can sit here and talk with. You can say, you're worried about like the hardest. Dude, though it doesn't contradict this yeah. It does it doesn't contradict it. I really want I really want to do my own podcast I've thought about for a long time should I think a little nervous, though I. Don't know why what the [ __ ] am I gonna talk about it does I wish. I could be like you and say all this [ __, ], I, really want to say, trouble cost me a lot of anyway. We should end right yeah guys. Thank you. So much for watching next week will be your first guest I mean you probably have people more interesting to us. Hila cares about next week. Show is over forever. No there's the pinnacle. This is Bobby, but again just go back. It's a piece of art yeah! You can cut us off down. Thank you guys.