Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast formerly live, but now previously recorded podcast welcome everybody. Today we are sponsored by Ridge Wallace. Thank you. So much to Ridge wallets now is a good time to go check out. Teddy fresh seafood, there's something you like there I'll support the show, and today we are joined by Mark, rub EA, that's right! Who is a talented, improvisational musician comedian entertainer? He is going to be doing a live performance for us, slash interview after the break. I am super excited to meet with mark. He is a mega Talent and actually Ian, who is not with us today brokered the whole thing, but Ian is like a mega fan of him, but he's gonna miss it. Well, we all are not and introduced us to him. No yeah, yeah well, I knew I mean I knew of him, but Ian was is the puppet master yeah yeah, actually in a in is actually going to find love right now can I, say I. Think I can say that right, I mean it's. A fantastic little tale ian is on his way. The batch, the Bachelorette, who stole Ian's heart during our season of The Bachelor, is moving to LA to be with Ian and Ian is flying to her right now to bring her back. True love exists, I mean it became such an actual love story. It's such an actual love story that came out of this stupid stupid segment. It's unbeliev at least one iteration of The Bachelor worked out yeah. What's what what we thought was a tart. It's time our greatest failure turned out to be one of our greatest successes and that's a beautiful thing about life. Isn't it we posted some new videos? You may have seen if you haven't seen them. We posted two new videos both about keemstar, the DJ I, don't know what's DJ about him and he calls himself DJ killer keemstar, but is he as he ever DJed I've, never seen him DJ fake news? He does weddings or something. Anyway, we made video called content nuke that we've been working on for an entire month, hundreds of hours of editing and research and I'm really happy with how it came out and the second one we actually was working on I'm really happy with how it worked out, because we had done so much work that the second video was like. We had completed a lot of the main pieces of the second video by the time we posted the first one so so worked really great, where we were, we were able to rapidly post the second video that was still a really good high quality polished video as well. So that's a set of videos, I'm very happy with over on h3h3 productions. You know chick-fil-a is open during this pandemic and they are taking no chances while you laughing at me because I have ice in my mouth. Yes, yeah I'm, not very professional, not such a good. Can you see him? No chick-fil-a is taking no chances. Okay check this [ __ ] out they actually have their workers and little bubbles is amazing, but good on them. Right, protect your people. It looks custom-made, I love the laughter, though you think that's not good on them. Put your person on a bubble, something out there. Yeah I would want to be in a bubble. Files were contributing, did you've gotta just be taking so much [ __ ] all day, though, when you're in a bubble, but here's the thing: if the bubble is good for chick-fil-a, maybe we should all be walking around in bubbles right. Maybe the bubbles is the way of the future of society. Would you to try and find them and yeah? That's for us here on the podcast. Well we're thinking of going back to the podcast studio soon, so I wonder if we should all be wearing these little chick-fil-a bubbles yeah, you should come down, I wonder what you would call this: a human, a contained human environment bubble, chick-fil-a brand, like I. Tell you, though, since I watch this video I've been wanting. Chick-Fil-A I've been wanting to filet, so bad, so I think that's gonna in our future. Here soon speaking of corona, another brilliant invention has come out of it so that you can eat food through your. Your mask and I have to be honest when I first saw this from Twitter I thought this was like, like something terrible or you know that website something like they just post, weird old content, but this is real and this is happening right now. Everything is terrible. Everything is terrible. What did I say? Should my mouth [ __ ], my tits anyway? This is horrific yeah. This is perfect. Just take the thing off and good thoughts guys, you can't see it I'm watching it just doesn't seem that necessary. Couldn't you just lift up your mask, he looks so pathetic. He's still hitting the thing when he's eating, like the food hits, the you're gonna be such a nice even in there sample video, dangerous and I mean there's a big gap where your mouth is so I have to assume that this is way less safe, look, always struggles easy. This is the best thing ever. You can't even fit a little bite of chicken in there. It's scary, looking yeah and you have to like work the mechanical hand, I mean guys so buy that - yeah, please one for each of us and see if I can track it down. I would like to see a video on youtube of ten hours of this you know. Jeffrey star has and then another coronavirus, a themed story. Jeffrey started the cosmetic guru and youtuber has come out with a new palette called cremated bad timing. People are saying bad timing for a cremated palate. The point of course it's bad timing, because what do you do with a disease-ridden corpse? You cremate it and I like how he's fading away to like damn he's like God Thanos snaps like I'm. Not wanting to put this makeup on just be obliterated. Look at his face is just melting away, I'm kind of confused by this busy beyond the bad timing. He actually had got a lot of [ __ ]. He had to make a statement which is kind of it's funny because obviously probably was working on it for a while for it to come out now. Yeah I mean when we do like a Teddy, fresh drop, the packaging and everything it's a long process, so I totally get that I'm not offended by the by the name. I think it's funny. People are giving him [ __ ], but I am confused by who the [ __ ] would want to look like a zombie like I. Don't anything about makeup, but I am I, know so serious makeup, artist, I'm sure, but I thought he loved that makeup. Artists yeah, but why is he but he's doing like mass production of cosmetics? Well, isn't he trying to sell to a mass audience? He does so you wanna buy the Frankenstein palette I'm just saying he probably knows: Monster pellet sewing yeah. Oh that's yeah! I really! Would that one I sold out? Oh, it is yeah. Don't [! __ ] me in that again: [ __ ], my dad cremate, my ass [ __ ] me and cremate me I, just okay, I guess hold on: let's see if you're right, cremated, eyes, shadow palette. No, it's not so Otis sold out 58 bucks. Oh man, do you buy one ela I wish. We were selling cosmetics, I, don't I, wouldn't even know what to do with it. Cremate put it on your put it on my body when I die of Corona, I kind of think it's a cool product. You do. Oh, okay, well, I think I, look at it from an artistic point. It's like when I buy a marker set. You know, there's like a grayscale set mm-hmm. It's probably kind of like that. Mmm I can see that it is like quirky and cool you gotta have all the colors of the rainbow yeah, but like his the photo shoot. Give me something he's a zombie in the pool he's trying to be like casual like he's using it like casually. It's not like I'm doing I'm on a set, no he's in his pool. Looking like a damn undead zombie, then D selects it, incidentally right or wrong you're right then, when you're right, you're right, here's a video! Okay! Do you have a calming table, and this is where you get cremated to much to take in here, Jeffrey star, he's in a black room. What's his leather laws and a table female on all fours, it's a statue of a female all fours and in a glass that's the table. Everything is black and white too, was the whole room made for this palette. It certainly looks like it. Oh my god, yeah this guy's I'm, just telling you do. We need to sell cosmetics. I'll, sell some [ __ ] cremated cosmetics. What palette will you come up with? What pal should I sell? I will sell the spaghetti sauce face ballad make your face. What about all the fast food yeah fast food, inspired, yeah jump on your face? Am burger meat Brown right, let's see where the palette goes on the fast Gordon, probably brighter the cowboy that looks like me from 90th day. This looks like me from the ninety. The fan slowed down. Ethan get your words together. This guy looks like me and the 90's boy band video. He literally is dress, k identical to me. Look at that tan amazing! No! Listen! You guys! Really Slade modeling, when do I, see the cremated and this shade where he makes a statement lipstick this crazy Lana's, [, __ ] those fingernails really gorgeous. Okay, they're, not they're, not putting the makeup on how they, what am I supposed to do when they're, not showing me the makeup, which we the video where he addresses the backlash, so he used the backlash to sell it better. That's a genius marker right there. Oh my god! Yes, you guys today, one of my best friends on the planet, mister lipstick naked. You know what would have been a better name, in my opinion, good um, something like film noir inspired. Maybe no film new are [Music] cremated and it definitely know I like cremated, but pops. You know what have been better plague just play and death. You know, be better, been a corpse corpse, just corpse. Okay, just corpse! That's been rotting for at least a year right right, exactly how the hell she did. This unreal, cremated grayscale makeup map I, just don't get it I'm! Sorry! Where do you put this on? Exclude me from this? I bet the like of the goth communities. You know maybe I'm just trying to understand and I obviously don't know anything about makeup, but maybe it's really hard to get that clean white palette from makeup I, don't know yeah I mean when I did white man face I that my makeup, when I'm pretty easy, but it's not Jeffrey star quality. So what kind of backlash it again, let's see Jeffery start so you're gonna tell me Jeffery stars: releasing a palette called cremated during a global pandemic where thousands are dying, please who are as PR team. Also these shades are so nasty. Tell me they aren't all dupes of themselves. Oh the girls don't shade! Well, if she liked the palette would she have not complained like what's the bigger issue right just by the way, we're just not a fan. That's a good point, yeah the fact that she doesn't like it discredits her outrage. What does dupes of themselves mean? Oh there ii thought up and there's only one white. So what am I supposed to do with all this other crap? It's just one way and then a bunch of glitter like when I got one of my [ __ ] tin man. I, should buy one of these into a review, so it sold out, though dad sold out so anyway. He says it didn't come from a bad place and obviously I. Of course, I totally agree that that would be crazy. The reason he didn't postpone the release is because he has other pallets coming out this year and there was just no place to put it just like the body's Jeffrey I'm kidding, I'm, not I'm, not angry hundred thousand people almost dead by the way and Jeffrey star is out here making cremated guys at this point, I want to give a huge mother-loving. Thank you to Ridge Wallace, which is quickly becoming what can only be described as the greatest most efficient wallet around you slide your card in you keep your cash right here. Your money clip it's slick, it's modern, it's tight and it's just right comes with this little screw. It's the anti Costanza wallet for those of you who know what I'm talking about this is a light. Sleek industrial wallet, it doesn't fold awkwardly bulge in your back pocket and it has seriously changed my whole pocket situation. It is designed to easily fit into any of your pockets and most people who are still using walls designed in the 90s carrying around all receipts gift cards, hotel keys and an unorganized mess. The Costanza wallet is now a thing of the past, so here's the deal it holds up to 12 cards, plus it has room for cash. There are over 30 colors and styles, including carbon fiber and burnt titanium. I personally really do love it, but don't take my word for it. They've got 30,000 five-star reviews, the durable material means each wallet has a lifetime warranty. You could buy this one wallet and carry it for life. Brij wallet. The rich team is so confident that you'll, like it they'll, let you test drive it for 45 days. You could send it back for a full refund. If you don't love it. Oh, that's awesome, so you got nothing to lose guys head on over to rage, calm, slash, h3, use the code h3 and get 10% off today with free, worldwide shipping and returns by going to Ridge, comm, slash h3 and using code h3. This Ridge wallet is going to change the game. I got to tell you I hate the Costanza wallet, I hate having [ __ ] jiggle around my pocket, but this is like I love it Ridge wall. Thank you guys. Alright and Joe Rogan, making big moves. Actually that affects all of us really in the podcasting space. Joe Rogan has signed an exclusive deal with Spotify. There's a lot of interesting facets here, one being that he's moving his video portion of his podcast to Spotify, which means the videos are going on Spotify. Now that doesn't exist right now. Does it know YouTube should be scared. Yeah dude Spotify is such a huge beloved platform that videos going up there could could really YouTube could be, could be facing a crisis here for sure I wonder how they feel about it, and if there was any negotiation at all with YouTube - like dude the money he came on YouTube but I feel like they made a big I mean it's a big loss for you, - well, I, don't think YouTube would have shut out the kind of money they say. So they reported that it was at least a hundred million dollars. Now I've heard from people I've heard from people that that that maybe ripped a good source for this that it was well over. A hundred million I've heard the number as high as five hundred million yeah that's great, but is it crazy because didn't when they announced that they signed him exclusively? The market cap for Spotify increased by 1.7 billion? Look at that spike in their stock on the announcement that they had signed, Joe Rogan it they got 1.7 billion dollars of new value. That's holy crap I'm! Not there, though, I think a lot of that was probably the fact that it came along with this announcement about that they're they're entering video like some is for sure that Joe Rogan is like kind of the lead pilot guy that they're bringing in to spearhead that, but just the the fact alone, like you, said that they're they're, going in on on YouTube space, is a huge deal yeah. It is gonna, be really interesting to see what happens, and you know I, don't think YouTube would have put out that kind of my and and and well Spotify is a paid service, so they have a lot more. They have a lot more to gain by bringing Joe Rogan over. It reminds me a lot of like once Howard Stern. What's a serious, they gave Howard certain like ungodly, hundreds of millions of dollars you know, but but ultimately it was. It was a totally worth it for them. So this is really really interesting. His podcast is now on Spotify and it will be going exclusively by the end of the year, including video. He says it will remain free and will be exactly the same. Show it's just a licensing deal so Spotify won't have any creative control over the show. They just want me to continue doing it. The way that I'm doing it now yeah I, wonder if thinking buy, keep buying up such a big move. I have to say that I'm, so I have to say I'm so impressed by Joe Rogan's foresight because he intentionally kept his show off Spotify for all this time. Now our shows on Spotify and I really like it there. We got a lot of audience there, so it's really good for us, but I guess his shows so big that you know whatever amount of audience he gets is negligible there. But the foresight to not go on there for years was so genius. I will never I wouldn't have thought of that he's playing 3d chess with and there go it's uh. It really is well-deserved. - I mean what he's done with the podcast is just insane. You guys were talking about um his downloads I. Don't you say: I was surprised by the number they mentioned that somewhere. Briefly, over his YouTube channels, enormous to eight and a half million subscribers and a musician would need yeah. I, don't see it. Maybe you can find it I know. A lot of his fans are not happy about it, though they see it as selling out and I. Don't know actually to do the show better because it gets so difficult on YouTube to do the show yeah we experience it all the time I mean money. Aside. There's issues of this new issue. That's new tormenting everybody is the block the block worldwide. So money aside, okay, you have companies blocking your video because it has content. They have it's like go ahead and claim it I don't give a [ __ ], but they block it. So I think it's time for some healthy competition. You know in this space and I personally think it will only help it will help everybody. Ultimately. Last year the podcast was downloaded 190 million times per month, 100 million times per month, 190 190, almost 200 million million. Well, that's probably why he had so little loyalty to YouTube anyways I mean that he gets a small fraction of that from YouTube's vast majority of that is still in audio downloads. You know. So what does he really care about YouTube in the grand scheme of things? I wonder if we're gonna get more audience on Spotify. Now, though, cuz they're, all these people are gonna, go to Spotify to listen to Joe right in this article. They say they quote someone and he's saying: Joe Rogan just got paid the equivalent value of over 26 billion streams for a podcast license, 26 billion streams, mm-hmm well they're, saying it I think that's assuming that hundred million dollar paycheck number. How many streams you would need to get to a musician would need to generate twenty three billion streams on Spotify to earn what they're paying Joe Rogan for the rights, but because any one stream that much because I know like post alone, like his big hits, are doing like a billion streams. But that means yeah. You see he's probably done like five billion or something that's a long, yeah I, don't I, don't know if anybody has. What did you say? Twenty one bill, 93 billion streams, but that's that's just what they paid him to move it over I. Also wonder if he's gonna be able to put ads on it if they're gonna control that ads, how that's gonna work I'm very curious about this whole situation, but congratulate Joe on a on a bounty, well deserved and I'm very curious about how that shakes up the landscape. You know speaking of failed tech initiatives on the other side of the coin. Creepy have you guys heard of creepy these guys spent 400 to 500 million dollars, advertising and I've never heard of it. This has got to be one of the biggest epic fails in modern day tech startups. It stay is short for quick bite and the premise is that it's Netflix for its mobile only and they making 10 minute long content productions and that's really high high-end production, with famous actors and comedians and all this [ __ ], so they spent like here they spent I. Think, like a billion dollars or more for chrissake 1.75 billion dollars, they raised and it's just a total flop and I mean I wish. They would have consulted me first, because I could have told them straight up that this idea was awful. I don't want to watch I, don't want to pay money to watch 10 minute videos on my phone yeah I I mean that content is supposed to be free. People expect that kind of content to be free right and how much is it it's kind of expensive to $8 a month, man, [ __ ] off, so this guy. This is even better he's blaming the rocky launch on get this coronavirus. He says he says the company courted a list talent like Steven Spielberg, Jennifer Lopez and raised over 1.75 billion in funding. Qui B was ultimately meant to be a service for users on the go, which is a selling point that disappeared after coronavirus, forced people to stay inside I'm. Sorry, if you're, making a media company that that when people have way more free time on their hands- and they usually do is up- is a strike against you- then your [ __ ], sucks, like man I, bought all this time on my hands. I, definitely don't want to watch qui, be there's a way better [ __ ] than that he says it's not really unexpected. That query has a rough start being a mobile. Only streaming service was all they are always a risky bet. I mean most services are multi-platform and consumers have made it clear. They don't want to be a dedicated and how they watch entertainment. So why did you do it? Then? This is the guy who made it. The corona virus pandemic has only exacerbated the underlying issues that cui B has as a service yeah there's. Actually we actually have some footage from a qui be original here. You won't take alfredo poor boys, not feeling well. So this was um here we have some of their great. The Golden Arm show my god Dan. You want to set this up, oh just as far as that clip yeah. So actually I think it's better if people just see it cold and then I can give a little bit of context a position, but I think it's actually. So this is an Emmy winner. Rachel Brosnan Brosnahan plays a woman obsessed with her Golden Arm. Now this isn't a comedy because I saw this Mel's like oh it's just it's like a weird zany comedy, no really [Music] them course we'll check, maybe already no, you can't be serious. I still look it up. I mean this is a. This is a famous folk. Nobody needs a job. I can't take no, but their acronym. It's a comedy they're like overacting and stuff like this is a continual look at the badass thing. That's not serious, I refuse to believe I, don't believe it I, frankly, don't believe it. Someone said its threat level midnight if it is oh, that was Chrissy, Teigen, famous Chrissy Teigen. Ladies and gentlemen, I, don't believe that that's not a comedy and I will never I mean I'm. Gonna have to download qui bein walk well, so, okay, so what I will give you is that it is part of a project from Sam Raimi. It's a horror, anthology thing that he did for qui, be you know, kind of like or what was that show that was an info American Horror Story right where it's like each one is kind of its own little sub story, or maybe a Twilight Zone is a good way to think about it or black mirror, or something like that. So each one is like its own little thing, and you know this is Sam. Raimi has always been a little like tongue in cheek with it's not like Evil, Dead and and stuff like that. He's a little goofy, but still I mean this. It is supposed to be scary. No Meg Whitman said our target audience at quippy is 25 to 35 years old, see that's already bad you're a mobile device. Look at dude your audience should be ticked off everyone yeah. What better way to get content for that target demo than hiring our target demo. I love, Millennials and Gen. Z errs enthusiasm and can-do attitude. I mean it's like a condescending parent. Does that just mean they just hired cheap? They work very hard and they want to do great things and I think they love that they can get more responsibility at a start-up like qui B. That sounds so bad, so they started with 2 billion in the bank and over 200 employees. Not exactly this tech startup that you would think of also I'm noticing in this article that they quote the founder and he says he's unhappy with the company's results he's miserable yeah. But then the CEO, which is a different person, is saying she says that she thinks it's it's doing pretty: okay, yes, she's spinning it he's like [ __ ]. This I just wish a billion dollars yeah they go. The CEO goes I, think you'll, see nice, slow, steady growth, no like I'm, curious and I'm, not even gonna, buy it and I'm rich and I'm. Frankly, I'm rich too I'm. Not it's like not worth the effort to download their stupid app and don't worry about canceling I'd, rather open YouTube. It's what you guys! Think of the name, just that's awful! It's awful Inc! We beat everything about. It's awful I'm surprised. This thing made it to light. Other news raging, Hollywood, Hills house party ends when a man shoots himself in the groin. That's it. Okay, just a headline large gatherings are still prohibited in Los Angeles, but that didn't stop a raging house party Saturday night in the Hollywood Hills that ended when police say a man himself in the penis. Now that's a [ __ ] rager [Laughter]. When they responded. They found that more than a hundred people were gathered at the short-term rental property that appeared to be reserved for the occasion. It's a nice house. You can see pictures of it I just like to imagine. 100 people gather around this one. Do it do it? Do it and then finally ending? Ah wait real quick in that article? Did you say that when, when the paramedics showed up, there were still hundreds of people gathered there, yes for a dude had shot himself in the dick I would have bounced at that point, nah dude! You don't know how to party bro. This is a good runner virus party bike when people start shooting their own. Dicks off is usually when I dip from a party yeah. You win evade the scene on down why the party climaxed at that point, it's all done. Where do you go from? There shoot the tits off Lori Loughlin and Massimo Julia Jian Li, Li, Jian newly so many times that we still don't know how to say anyway. These are the parents. During the college admissions scandal that paid half a million bucks, so they're dumbass Oh, their daughter was a youtuber and they faked that she was like on the ski on the on the RO team. Yes, you can get into USC and they were trying to fight it. Unlike all their parents who are like all the other parents were like. Yes, we [ __ ] up. This is humiliating. We take the plea deal whatever I plead guilty, but these two geniuses wanted to fight it in court and the government is just piling on charges being like. Okay, okay, you don't want to take the plea deal, here's another charge they were looking at. They were looking at like 40 years in prison or some [ __ ]. If they lost you know, so the government laid heavy enough that they were like alright, so the new sentence- this is the plea deal. Laurie has agreed to two months in prison and a $250,000, fine and two years of probation. She also has to perform 250 hours of community service, which hopefully means her and orange jumpsuit on the side of the, but now with coronavirus. That just means she gets to do that at home. You're right, that's absolutely right! So she basically was house arrest, good well, they're, definitely dragged forever yeah and then her husband is going to do five months in prison and two hundred and fifty thousand dollars of fine and 250 hours of community service 250 hours. That's quite a bit. I mean that's! That's like eight hours. What's 250 divided by 8, they probably didn't do 8 hours like what do you imagine? It's probably like a three hour shift right or four hours. So, what's 250 divided by 4 we're talking about 4 when people have to do the community service on the side of the road or whatever yeah it's it's a full day. Oh second hours, I've known a few people that I've had to do community service and an you look up their whole day. Ok! So what's what's a 250 divided by 8 I'm, not smart enough to do that in my head 31 days, 31 and a quarter, so that's a straight month of yeah! It's pretty good! You might! You might do like a half, it's probably over 2 months or 3, something like that and then it said he's and then he's going to jail for 5 months, huh yeah, but as he'll pointed out, they won't put him there because of the virus. Yeah they'll be under house arrest. They had vowed to fight the charges. As for why the charge change of heart, they were facing multiple felonies, the feds kept adding charges the longer they resisted and a convicted on all counts could have served more than 40 years. Yeah [ __ ] that damn yeah you take the deal at that point. Oh yeah, oh and then another one, Kendall gentle, a kendall Jenner agrees to cough up $90,000 over fire festival promo, because she was one of the models that was promoting the [, __ ] and what's actually interesting. This is a lesson for all you, kids. In business. She got paid 275 thousand, so she's still walking away with a cool and clean one. She's got a lot of money still on. Eighty-Five thousand pretty well yeah. So that's that's a lesson for you when deciding if to break the law, just think that if you get fine just make more money than if what the fine is for that's how pharmaceutical companies think about everything they're like damn, we put so okay, this medicine killed like a thousand babies, but we did make a billion dollars. The FDA is gonna charge, us 250 million, so we're still gonna make 750 thousand the babies is just collateral million. But the point stands yes, what it's a thousand! Instead of a million well million babies! No did you say: million babies, you just no. You said: go ahead and correct me: you uh, you meant to say 750 million. You said 750 thousand millions, but why do you say million babies died? I did not start. Well. You put that image. No babies were harmed in the making this podcast. Oh yeah, that's my favorite rule the fire. That's the fire! Fraud! Ja rule goes it's not fraud. It's just false advertising right! You [, __, ], idiot! Okay, let's talk with mark Ruby, a we've got him on zoom. We are gonna. Ask him some questions. We are gonna, get some live. Performers I am super excited to jam with our boy mark. Welcome back everybody. We are here with Mark Ruby, a did. I say your name right. You didn't, and you know what that's okay wait say it for me. It's close. It's rub rub rub: ei France, very French and yeah I've heard every permutation. It's okay and are you uh? Are you a French man? Have you been? Are you from France, oh yeah, I'm, a little French boy, I'm, a half French boy, my dad's French and or was French and my mom's American well mark? If you don't know, is an improvisational musician, extraordinaire mega talent, [, __, ] and correct me, if I'm wrong here sprung from the bowels of Reddit, the first time I, remember seeing you I, don't know. If that's if that sounds uh Ben, that's pretty accurate. Yeah reddit was really helpful in the beginning for sure I think I could say that I also sprang from the bowels of Reddit, but the thing that I would the first time I saw. You was on this strange, reddit Live tool where I don't know if they still have it, where whoever has the most viewers is on the top and everyone watches, and that was yeah right yeah. So we were you already kind of somewhat reddit famous before the public asset access thing, or was that part of your eyes? Um I mean I, guess I, don't know to a degree. You know it's like every once in a while, I would upload some [ __ ] and then read it. You know the videos subreddit would would share it and just depending on the video it would do I it would do well or it would do very poorly. But you know reddit is fickle like that. It's, like the timing, has to be right. The title has to be right and then the video needs to be it's like within the first like ten seconds. You need to be interested, or else people will just [ __ ] all over it, so it was it took. It took a while. Well, rent is like boot camp for a content creation, but it is funny. Sometimes when I was coming up, you post a video, you could post the video on reddit and one day you will get downloaded into oblivion, you'll, post the same video, the same title same everything the next day and it will go to the front page. You would place a song. You want me to make you a little something. What are we what's on our minds? How do you? How does your musical creation work you just kind of go off you riff? Do you have make music I know your bicycle? I make it from scratch. I've got my little my little looper right here and my little keyboard and drum pads right here. I, don't know if you can see that, but you might be able to once we switch over and yeah I. Just start selecting sounds, and you know like a drum, sound and then I'll put some shakers on there and a little keyboard, a little bass and then they'll all just layer up and then I just make some [ __ ] up over it. This is your medium of choice, but I know you were classically trained. Is that right, yeah? Originally, when I was when I was a tiny, tiny little child I started, taking piano lessons and and then I, basically classically until I was maybe 15 and then I stopped and taught myself sort of improvisational jazz, so classical I don't know, there's a foundation for music theory, but I, don't I, don't I! Couldn't I couldn't play a piece of music off of you know off of a sheet interesting huh I'm, just saying either yeah I was watching some of your live performances. Oh and it's it looks like it would be so scary, because it's just all on the spot and you get you even get naked and then not make it like I do I do it's. The live shows are the same where I'll like I, have no plan like if you've ever seen, Reggie Watts yeah, you know it's like that's it's the same idea where I walk out on stage with no plan, no setlist, nothing prepared and then just see what happens. You know and just see what the [ __ ] happens, and sometimes it's good. Sometimes it's a little less good. But hopefully it's like you know, there's a baseline of entertainment there and are: do you find it terrifying, berating and walking out there without any plan any set I mean how do you how how kind of have you prepared for a show I guess - uh? It's definitely both it's for sure, terrifying and very liberating, and it's also plays to my strengths because I'm like just a super impatient person, I, don't like planning for shin practicing. This thing and I, don't like doing all of that. So if I can it's a pretty amazing job, I just walk out there and like do my thing for an hour and yeah man, I, don't know I I, don't really prepare much I sort of you know all like drink a little water I'll have a beer and I'll just sort of stand back there and like jump up and down, and you know psych myself up a little bit and and then off we go. You just got to get out there and [ __ ] on it. The energy levels are insane and actually I want to watch this one video if I may- and you can't see it, but it's you I'll play for the audience now. [Music] [Music] [Music], so tough about the setting, because it looks like you're just a sandwich strong and these people don't know who you are right. So you're kind of just like blowing this place up, the energy is insane. Everybody is like what is going on. Tell me about this. Show dude that that was that, like that was I, would say I think two years ago, when I was starting in Dallas. That's where I'm from originally I live in New York now, but when I was in Dallas, I got I sort of managed to finagle these, like three weekly residences at bars and restaurants, where, like they, they especially that place that's brain dead brewing in Dallas and they would pay me to come in at like 1:00 p.m. to their lunch crowd, who doesn't give a [ __ ]. That has no clue who I am and they would just. Let me do us like a three-hour set justify, but it seems the reception is good. I mean people are like holy [, __ ]. You know, yeah that that was a few I think that was maybe like towards the end when I had started to establish a small following. So people started like coming to the restaurant in the afternoons and [ __ ], you know, but at the beginning it's like there's videos, I, live streamed, all those performances and like it's just like ten people in the restaurant, looking up from their [ __ ] bologna, like oh, this is I love all these performances. From the from what I mean it looks like a sandwich: shop I, don't know bar yeah, it's like a brew pub a brew pub. So with that being said, would you like to play play some music play? A CD make some [ __ ] up I thought maybe doing something for like h3 might be fun, I love it make it make a little something for h3 I, don't know maybe it'll suck but like we should give it a shot. I'd love to hear that all right, yeah we're gonna, do that [Music] [Music] good, get that in there [Music] get in on the microphone. Everybody sit. The [ __ ] down yo it's time for the podcast [ __ ] be thinning, Neil and Dan and Zach, and me and baby you're, coming through little [Music] [Music]. That was to a chorus [Music] [Music], some deep cuts, dude I liked it good I. Even the are Kelly. Do you have your passports, Wow fantastic. Did you get your shots? Tell me about your setup here. Let's see what you got here, you got that the audio with all the fat buttons tell me about these huge buttons. I heard you got to check these big buttons out. This is a buss RC 505. It's got five little channels. Excuse me where you can register all of the tracks. All of my little looping tracks, like the pianos right here, I, muted, I, muted it so you can't hear, but anyway, there's five channels that you can load in sounds and like overdub sounds on. So that's how you do the harmonies and that's you know, and then there's little knobs for you to [, __ ] with stuff and filters for your voice, and then these are my drum pads got my little drum pads here, there's 16 of them and you can assign them all to play. You know whatever sample you want them to play and then I've got 49 velocity, sensitive keys here that are just silky and and and light to the touch gave me some give me some velocity examples. Show me show me, show me the how the feather and weight differences or tell you. Let me show you exactly how that works. I'm gonna now mute my voice here and go back to the stream. So you can hear fantastic so now that we're back velocity of light velocity is gonna, be okay, heavy Wow, very, very [Music]. So you know you got its expression. It allows you to be soft or heavy with it to get. You know to get to get thicker light with it. So would you be open to I'm gonna I'm gonna, throw you a idea, keemstar song, with both light and sensitive touch. Let's say like let's say like this: how about this team start chapter 1 comp the nuke goes off. That's obviously ice high velocity, the nuclear fallout is more of a feather touch. Still deadly, though Oh baby, okay, we're gonna hit a little keemstar trying to think about. Oh yeah, yeah, okay, alright keemstar team stars, a giant piece of [ __, ], yo baby, said, came stars. A giant piece of [ __ ] goddamn. It baby became stars, a giant piece of [ __, ] goddamn it baby [Music] I can't do a light touch, there's no light touch when it comes to keen I'm getting old, [ __, ] I'm kidding me. This is star walking around a juice child, unique juice, child team stars, a damn: douche [, __, ] juice, the damn couch, [ __, ], douche, [, __, ] team stars, a [ __ ], damn douche [, __, ] [Music] relentlessly I, don't know how is that I was fantastic. What big boys are talking, I was a head bobbing the whole time. I couldn't go light on it. I really couldn't do keemstar with a light. No I totally understand. There's no light touch. There. Yeah, you I, assume it takes some time to master the arts of improvisational music. Tell me about your process of getting to become the music ninja that you are today like wonder. How do I mean how even doing so glad yes yeah it? It I mean I, don't know dude it took it took a while for sure, but basically I mean I've just been playing piano since I was a kid and also acting since I was a kid, and this show is like it's a marriage of those two things. You know it's. It's just sort of an absurd, completely ridiculous journey into whatever the [ __ ] I feel like doing that day and I. It's it comes I mean I've, been basically trying to make music for the last 13 or 14 years, I, guess very, unsuccessfully mmm. It's deeply, unsuccessfully, and and then I found this little loop station and was still very unsuccessful for a number of years and then I lost a job and that's when I decided to try and like book gigs in Dallas and that's when I sort of you know you have to take it seriously. If you're not right willing to take it seriously, it probably won't. Take you seriously, you know, and at what point was there a moment where you're like oh [, __ ]? This is actually working. Uh I think it happened fairly quickly, like once, I was able to get those few gigs in Dallas, I well, I think there were two different stages: it's like they're, the the gigs in Dallas were paying my rent, so that already was amazing, yeah amazing to me that I thought that was that happening and and then, when I moved to New York I had to sort of start from scratch again I had a small following on YouTube, maybe like ten thousand subscribers and and and then a couple months into being in New York people started sharing the stuff around on Facebook of all places. It's my largest platform, believe it or not. Wow I did not know that. Tell me about your Facebook page. What's that tell me about your Facebook page, because I, don't I, don't spend any time on Facebook these days, so I mean I, don't either, but apparently a lot of people do yeah. So wait how many followers on Facebook, how many views to your videos get there I have over a million on Facebook and they get I mean it depends on the video. But there's there's plenty with 1015 million views, that's fantastic to find an audience on Facebook thanks, dude I mean I, didn't plan it at all, I, just I, just sort of started uploading. My [ __ ] natively, to like my you know, my page and at some point in their like late 2018. I noticed that, like some of these videos, that I had made like a year ago were all of the sudden like hitting I mean wow wow I had like 10,000 likes on my page and within a week it was like fifty a hundred thousand fifty thousand and the Zach smiled upon you wow. You guys decided to light up sunshine, hey. Why don't we do a song about Mark Zuckerberg? That seems like a fun topic. That's a great idea! Why don't we say our prayer to Mark Zuckerberg for your Facebook page, a prayer for Mark Zuckerberg yeah? That sounds awesome our internet, our internet father. He have course and resident cyborg right, spotty idea of doing like hey Shelley. Yes, sir, hey, could you uh tell me just real, but could you check outside and just let me know if we out here yes, give me just a second sir: hey Jim, what's up chilly just that boss wants to know if we're out here? Yes, we are sir. Yes, we out here we fully out here. Thank you. So much Shelley I appreciate that okay Mark Zuckerberg, we are out here. Let's do a little something a little something for sweet, sucker, oh sweet, sucky, look really weird! Oh yeah, you got what the [ __ ] is going on with your sweet baby, Ray's, alright, [Music], [Music], [Music], Mark, Zuckerberg, born mark XKE 12-unit, be born to wealthy parents mark never knew pain, Harvard, Graduate coding his little heart out. What one day oh yes mark knew he had to make something happen before you knew it mark was in control of an empire, and it was at that point when all suck was sitting on top of the world sitting, pretty baby that he said. Finally, my plans are complete. I have the entire world logged categorized, I can finally use them. So I will [Music] [Music], that's we're gonna do [Music] [Music] yeah babies sucking. Finally, you can take over the world control us and make us do his bidding kill everybody. This is suck now that you're logged into your Facebook account. You can kill each other. Everyone kill each other immediately mark. What has happening what's happening to me. I must kill, I must kill. Thank you, lord Zuckerberg. Thank you. Killing people here, I go! No problem! Luck! I'll! Do what you want coffee, how much cream yo I got you [ __, ] I'm doing it for you, you roll my mind my heart, my spine tell me what to do. I'll be there for you baby. Don't you know it sucking sucked, hmm Wow, so we'll play it out there, a ballad, Hartsook I, think you would be proud of that and, frankly, I hope you haven't given him any ideas. Either you have a beautiful. You have a it an absolutely beautiful singing voice, yeah Oh tremendous voice. I want to tell you I appreciate that that's it didn't used to be as decent. It took a while that was that was one of the things that I never really worked on much until I started like getting on stage and and doing that you know. But do you take singing lessons or is that all in just from performing it's all performing all performing you just you know it's like you after your, but you know I, probably I. Don't know. I've probably played well over two to three hundred shows at this point, and you just have to you just have to get you have to like make it happen, and especially once you start playing bigger venues with bigger, you know, crowds that are expecting bigger. You know better music, you you have to step it up and I, don't know: yeah I, just just vocal warm-ups and [ __ ] that helps but yeah man. You know the more you do something the the better you get at it. Hopefully, so do you ever feel restricted by the medium you've chosen? I know that I I'm just curious because you you're not playing with other people, I'm curious. How could you like, if you wanted to put out an album of music, for example like how would you approach that I'm curious, if you have any interest in branching out into other types of music or if you are just uh, if you're just gonna, you know if this is your your medium of choice, no yeah, it's definitely I mean I, do feel constrained a little bit like restricted a little bit, I guess by just the nature of this, which is that I have five channels. I have to do it. My sits just it's, it is very contained. It's doesn't. You can be creative, but you have to be creative within the parameters of this you know, and so it yeah it. Definitely it's not something. I want to do forever. I think this is I. Love playing the show, I think it's a ton of fun, I, I guess I would like to do it on and off for as long as I can. But it's a very high energy show yeah there's a lot. It's just a lot of [ __ ] energy, dude I'm like I'm starting to get older. You know so let me tell you when you put when you, when you put up your giant buttons when you hang those up what's next for mark next on the table, there's a few things. I want to I want to stretch my my arms, more broadly, into entertainment at large, very, like I'm, working on a show that I really can't say more about, but that I'm very excited about and then I would love to make an album. Just like you said, I'd love to pose, produce a piece of work, get in a studio with a band and make it and then possibly tour it and then I. Think, like the dream button at the end of all the buttons is, is probably a man dude I would [ __ ] love to be a late-night host, so really really so much you think it can work. Yes, you got the energy multi-talent. You can do it all yeah, it's a vibe out here. It's just a giant vibe out here. You guys it's funny because I, on the other hand, I have always looked at late-night host and, while I admire what they do, I'm like wow I, would [ __ ] hate that job. You know what I mean. It's relentless. Why why it's like every day night, you have to go and [ __ ]. Do it and it's like it's just like it just seems like a hammer, and you could tell like all these guys who've been in the game years. It's just like all everything. It's like true there's some people I'm like a huge I'm, a pretty big fan of late night like Conan in particular, I love, Letterman and Conan, but yeah you can see, there's like stretches of their lives where they clearly do not want to be oh yeah, [, __ ]. Who are you yeah? Why am I supposed to give a [ __ ] about okay? You know a really good purpose. I feel like I love, that I can just put it on every night. Even if that episode is [. __ ] made that, like thing that I can put on every night, totally I agree. It's a beautiful tradition and I, don't know if I would want to do it Network, but but I. You know you can I think the world is wide enough. Now that you can just do whatever the [ __ ] you want basically tell me I know you are going on tour soon, despite the you found a way to tour in the middle of a pandemic. Tell me about that. Yes, I'm really [ __ ] excited about that. We did like I think about a month ago, my my good people, my good agent people called me and they were like yo, a friend of ours in Germany. A client of his just did a show at a drive-in movie theater, and it did very well. What do you think? I was like shut that hot mouth and let's do this immediately go go and the dude they put together a tour in like under a week and a half like a tour, it's unsafe. How do people have that? How does it work? Oh, okay, so the way it works yes, so I mean they basically had to find drive-in movie theaters. First of all, that's a small market. You know I mean like the amount of drive-in movie theaters in the United. States is not as huge as it was in 1952 and and then. Furthermore, you need to find drive-in movie theaters that are willing to take a risk and put on like a live show which thins the bunch out. Even more so you know, I, don't know how the [ __ ] they did it, but they worked with this production company called hotbox, and now we have I believe ten dates. I think I'm playing ten or eleven dates across the u.s. drive-in movie. Theaters you're gonna pull your ass up. Whatever you do in your car is your business. You don't give a [ __ ] about that. Just pull on up, don't leave the car. You know we're gonna, regulate bathroom breaks and [ __ ], but all the social distances stuff is going to be pretty heavily regulated. You can only open your window, a certain amount, I'll be broadcasting to you via FM radio I'll, be there playing I'm gonna run my little ass around the cars. It's gonna be dude, it's gonna, be so [ __ ] dope. So yes, so there'll be a stage, and then people will be listening to you on the radio. That's right! Yes, so they're gonna be like facing the screen. You know like the drive-in screen. Is there like old museum relics, now they're doing great business like now, they're sold out every night? Yes yeah, it is only game in town. What else could you do, and so if people want to get tickets, where do where do the people good people of America find tickets? To these shows, you know, that's just such a fantastic question. Eat them and let me tell you: it's WWWE won a hot box com. I want to spell the casual way waa and na I wanna hog box.com, we're gonna find your suite tickets. There I'm gonna pick them up and what is a hot mom doing yeah, but it's a hot box and white. Oh, you know what hot box I mean. Just when you smoke weed in a small room. Okay! Is that what your box? It's when you fill a car with weed I'm, not use the URL I wish I did because I it was pretty funny. But that's not that wasn't my doing. Who would put your tour on I wanna, hotbox calm? Who did such a thing? Don't like it, you don't think it's good! No, it's great but like I mean just is a big decision to make for you. I agree. You know it is I, agree, I, guess I, probably I probably could have put it on my website. Somehow, but I'm I'm, pretty lazy and also I love that URL dude, yes, fantastic I would buy it. I want that I mean I. Would I would just take that for yourself if it's Bob I want a hot box and calm spelled colloquially waa nna, of course mark? Why don't we play it, one more song to play them off. If that's, okay with you, I love it, let's do um the theme. Do we have a theme covet 19 hit me with something covet. 19 is pretty good. Pretty I want to do maybe over kovat yeah. What do we got? What's good? What's? How about dumb hmm does the peanut? Does anyone have anything tickling there uh anybody at OSHA's hit me? Oh, why don't we do something based off of one of our lead stories today about how about cremation or what was the other one, cremation Jesus dance, cremation, oh yeah, I love it we're doing cremation inspired my cremation okay, cremation I've switched. Why do you just have them? Do it on the Holocaust while we're at it I'm talking about beep, you know what I'm talking about yeah Bing boom cremate ashes, ashes now ashes in the urn urn with the ashes in our [Music]. It's such a sad day. It's such a sad day and may we all please mourn the passing of our dearly beloved. May we all please just more in every one, Jim I need you to mourn, mourn, okay, everyone more in the passing and we're all here, mourning gosh inches! Thank you so much and thank you everyone for coming to the service. It's really really just so lovely having you all right! Anne! Do you want to take the urn yeah? Do you guys need it for anything? No! It's all! Yours we know we know she would have loved you to have it. You guys. Thank you so much, it's really sweet yeah. All right! You take care all right. Yeah sounds good, sounds good! Oh just gonna. Take this earning. Is anyone looking at me no one's looking at me? Oh hey, Jim, Bob I, just just wanted to make sure everything was everything's. Fine, everything's, fine, just celebrating her life in her life and doing that great great okay have a good one. All right, [Laughter], [Music], [Music], [Music] Wow, leave it to mark to make cremation a topic of joy and pleasure. Incredible I, I, don't know if that has anything to do it all with. Oh, not everything. What the news item is, but there you have it. I was wonderful. Mark I want to thank you so much. It was a joy. It was a pleasure to share your musical challenge with us to learn a little bit about you, the people, but they want to join you at these uh Drive Drive in performance driving live shows. Man I want a hotbox calm, it's kind of hard to forget because the play so interesting place so head on over to I won a hot box. Calm catch him doing a live, show there's nothing else to do for Christ's sake. During this time go see. Mark I mean it's gonna, be a fantastic show. You guys got a little taste of what he's got up his sleeve here today. Youtube I have to say, and the whole gang I love you guys. So so much you've brought me an enormous amount of joy over the years. You know how dope you are, and you guys are the [ __ ]. You guys are the shits Thank You Man. Thank you. So much I really appreciate that. You're such a talent, I, just can't even believe witnessing the pleasure, is mutual. It's me. It's a little mutual masturbation, yes, frauding I believe they call that. Well, that's what we've all done here. Well, y-yeah Zak, you watched! Did you enjoy it? I I, look good! So we've got YouTube, we've got I want a hot box. We've got what tell me about your year, you to Bismarck. Rub a rub: I'm, sorry, dude, you Robbie, hey baby I get I, have like a phobia that once I say a name wrong. I get so embarrassed that I never want to say it. You should absolutely an absurd name, but so what your YouTube is uh Rubby a your twitter is mark reveille, a yeah. My everything is mark rubble, yay mark Rubbia. All across the board mark gruba com, youtube.com, slash mark Rubby, a mark, rebbe a LinkedIn. You got a strong network that me right on there all right mark. Thank you! So much. We appreciate you. We bless you. We wish you all the best in this life and the next one as well. Hopefully the next one comes later like what thank you for having me guys, all right, god bless. You bye all right guys! Thank you for watching the h3 podcast. We love you thanks for common. We will see you next week. We wish in lots of love, he's on the love. Both the love adventure with the Bachelorette we're gonna have to meet her. You can't hide her from us forever. We got a no delete that contract right. I think the contract gets ripped up at this point once she moves here and you guys are in love, they're, gonna, babies, I bet we're gonna, have a bachelor baby. The first ever bachelor baby you're, like over overbearing parents like one of the babies coming about and the whole history of the show The Bachelor. Is there a bachelor baby like other, is no good for them, but I always wanted to be. The first is to live an undead fiance some tomorrow we have today the preview. It's a preview mandated those guys, milk, the [ __ ] out of that show 30-minute preview and they make it seem like it's its own show, but then here's what they do. That's crazy! There's a very dramatic sounds like from what they do is that they show the same 30 minutes on the full show that that's the next day, but there's just little bits they put in that wasn't in the preview just Jack, you watch it, although you'll have to watch it and can, and you feel like such a loser and get you every time we still watch it. Watch it I love that show what can I say, I believe in true love. That's why I like 90 day fianc, alright guys thank you for watching, have a fantastic weekend. We love you appreciate! You we'll see you next time. Alright God blast, Papa, Busbee, Church of Little Italy, [Music], [Music] [Music], you I, get I have like a phobia that once I say a name wrong. I get so embarrassed that I never want to say it Rachel Brosnan Brosnahan, oh, that was Chrissy Teigen Laurie Laughlin and Mossimo Julianne Gianelli with Mark Ruby. A did I say your name right. You didn't.