- hello and welcome everybody to the h3 podcast. Today's episode is sponsored by honey and expressvpn. Today, I am joined by Mick West's video game developer, turned skeptical scientist was that right right, a scientist and debunk our D bunker would like to use author of escaping the rabbit hole how to debunk conspiracy theories using facts, logic and respect which is available on Amazon and host of tales from the rabbit hole. Podcast. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you for having me I understand. You flew here from Sacramento, so were you able to confirm that the earth is flat on that airplane? It did look flat out of my window, but I was able to measure it. You haven't it. No I have actually done that, though I've taken a little little spirit level out and you can use it to look out your airplane window and measure the the dip of the horizon. It's that easy yeah. It's it's a little fiddly, because the horizon is all hazy when you're up in there and this guy. But you can actually tell that the earth is a sphere from that's a lot easier than what these guys went through. You saw the Flat Earth documentary on that flurry. I'm, assuming those guys, went through a lot more effort than just hopping on a plane, yeah. Well, they think that those reasons why you know plane is plain view is not correct, like some of them think that the plane windows, because they're curved they make the earth, but there's so many easy ways you can. You can check this, wasn't that you find it so funny that somehow the excuses are more believable to them. Oh yeah, yeah they'll jump through anything any they'll. Do all the mental gymnastics in the world I find it wasn't it just so amazing, though, how they disprove themselves continue to disprove themselves in that documentary first, would like the gyroscope they're, like don't tell anybody yeah, then. Finally, with the the laser test yeah and the more the more rigorous the experiments they do, the more likely they are to disprove themselves and then the more layers they have to put on top of that to name the conspiracy. It's incredible how I mean? How is it that in this day and age of science, wouldn't maybe maybe almost we have too much information? It's an information overload, but it seems like the more information and science we have available. The more people are willing to look past it. Well, the flutter. That's gonna come from a position that science is any real. It is something that you can verify yourself, which is not entirely unreasonable position to come from. You think like. Why should I trust all these scientists? Don't trust hundreds of years of history and all these books and what they taught me in school, but then they think that they should be able to figure out for themselves what the shape of the earth is, but they kind of overestimate their abilities. The reason we have all these scientists figuring things out is that some of the stuff is actually fairly complicated. Some of the stuff, like you know how much of the horizon dip. When you go up, he doesn't actually dip very much anything like two degrees or so, and they they kind of expect it in you know from there they're feeling about the earth that it would be this huge curve, visible plane. But if you do the math, which a lot of them don't do, and you can see it's not very much so they don't draw scientists, they trust themselves, but they don't really they're not really able to follow through on it. Interesting and well. Let me ask you this first, before we get too deep into this, what you you've committed your life to so far I mean you were you were a successful video game developer you retired and you went into became a debunker. So why is this something? That's so important to you initially I wouldn't say it was super important to me. It was just something: I did for fun, I really enjoyed doing it. I like investigating stuff, looking stuff and I was always really into like like ghosts and UFOs and stuff. When I was a kid yeah and even into my teens, you were a believer at one point: I wasn't I would say: I was a believer, but I just found the whole subject really fascinating things like spontaneous human combustion. It's like these mysteries. How did they actually happen and just when I got older, I started getting into the science and I started? Reading a lot was a popular science books and that's really, the combination of those two things could have led to my interest in essentially debunking conspiracy theories. You can figure out why spontaneous human combustion actually happens and why they find you no bodies burnt in in rooms, and you can figure out what people are seeing when they're seeing UFOs like I, do a lot of UFO video and now assists, and things like that, so I I just really enjoy picking stuff out, but I do feel like it's become an important thing to do, because I think yeah, false conspiracy theories can actually hurt people and that bad, but for society, but for everybody everybody's, like you, know, acting on the basis of these things that are false right and it's it's not good. So I feel I'm doing some good and I'm also helping individual people who get stuck down the rabbit hole. Have you have you found that you've actually been able to bring people out of the rabbit hole because I know it seems, like you can see from the documentary? People are willing to delude themselves, pretty much to a never-ending degree. Yeah. Definitely, and yes, you can bring people at home. There's been people that I've talked to in the past, who are now no longer down the rabbit hole, and here they say in part, that's because of it, because you talk to me or because you showed me this information, but for everybody, it's usually quite a long journey. You talk to a friend who believes in some you know: conspiracy, theory like chemtrails or 9/11 being an inside job or a controlled demolition, and even if you show them a few things, you know show them where they're wrong. They're, not gonna, like flip their opinions right away, yeah, and they might not even do it like in the next few months he conserve them some people that can take years, there's a guy in the book that I interviewed and for him it was. It was like it was many years between him falling for the chemtrail conspiracy theory and then eventually figuring out that it was wrong. So you you I'd, say that there certainly is hope for everybody, no matter how far gone they seem, because some of these people were really totally all the way down the rabbit hole they're. Believing in like you know, aliens and shapeshifters, and things like it's like yeah I- mean by the way you can. If you speak directly into the mic, that's helpful. You can move it, so you kind of, like I, find that it's almost like when people get this kind of paranoid thinking, it's like you, you you, you mostly will buy one. If you buy one, you buy more than one yeah, it's kind of a paranoid thinking, but so when you pull people out of this rabbit hole, do you find that it has positive consequences on other aspects of their life? Yeah well, I! Think it really it strips away the negative consequences that people have in their life like they're living in fear a lot of the time right and they feel a lot them tell me that it feels like a great weight has being lifted on them when they finally figure out that these things were not true because they were living under the you know. The idea that the government is this powerful evil entity that does all these plots and controls. Everything and everything you see in the media is false and if somebody can believe that the exaust targeting them personally and when they eventually figure it out yeah a lot of them, they don't. You know they don't come entirely out of the rabbit hole, but they lose their greatest fears when they think you know they're finding other chemtrails are not poison being sprayed in the sky and they figure out that 9/11 was, you know just al-qaeda, and then it allows them to focus on other things. So, okay, here's what I want to do before we get into some of the more popular conspiracies I thought it'd be interesting place to start with proven conspiracies because I I do it now. I want to acknowledge, on one hand, that there are such thing as real, conspiracies and I think the existence of some of these helps fuels. It helps feel the paranoia in people's minds being like well, that was true yeah well. This can be true too. So I want to go over some of the more notable ones and get your take on it mate. Maybe you can clarify, but but like, for example, MKULTRA I'm sure you're, aware of the CIA, was testing LSD on unknown participants to see if they could make Soviet spies defect against their will or if the Soviets could do that to CIA agents who were captured. That was the goal yeah and the seat. The CIA was administering LSD to people without their consent or knowledge to study the effect they even at times set up fake broth, fools and lured men in from the general public and then dosed them with LSD and experimented on them. The reason it being a brothel is because they figured they'd be too embarrassed to talk about it after afterwards. In one case, they administered LSD to a mental patient in Kentucky for 174 days, several people died as a result of MKULTRA, most notably Frank Olson as CIA employee, one of their own, who was covertly dosed with LSD held for study and then six days later committed suicide. When somebody wasn't properly supervising him, he jumped out the window. So this is the kind of thing that you've look at you say, oh god, the government's capable of that mmm. Then, of course, they're capable of you know, chemtrails yeah I think you got a look at the actual scale of things and also look at the historical context during this was back in. Was it the 60s? Yes, that it happened? And you know it's the height of Cold War right. There's lots of fears about things there was. There were other things as well similar to that like they, they tested the dispersion of biological weapons and giving them weapons by by spraying them in places, but when they did it, they weren't doing it with the intent of harming people or trying to you know actually infect people. They were just trying to see in a safe way what the effects would be. Now that were you talking about, there sounds pretty bad, like especially, you know, using mental patients mm-hmm. How do I know exactly how accurate that is, but the the story about Frank Olson, that's true and there's some suspicion that he was actually thrown out the window rather than jumped, because he was becoming very erratic after he. It was involved in this study and he kind of knew afterwards what had happened, but they he was acting very strangely and they thought he was going to blow the whole cover and I'll talk to the Russians about it or something like that, and so there's some suspicion that he might actually have been thrown out the window so she's a conspiracy yeah, that's against fear, and so do you when you hear something like that. Are you do you think it's credible when you hear like oh well, I mean in the in the scope of what there was sure why? Why? Wouldn't it be credible? Well, you guys think were criminals yeah, but in the chemtrails conspiracy theory is on such a completely different scale. The idea all the planes that we see on the side for the last you know 70-plus years wanna say since the seventies say, have been spraying of with some kind of chemical and that and no one's ever come forward to say, or it is impossible, no one speaking it down yeah and all the evidence that people give for this thing is it's completely ridiculous, I the fact that the CIA did bad things in the sixties and seventies. Everybody in everybody knows that the CIA was like almost like a rogue organization and they didn't what a bad things they did false flag operations in foreign countries. So you know yes, we know they did these things, but compare like with, like don't just say, like you know they dosed some people. That means they're dosing people. Now they did some controlled experiments that were like very limited in scope on a small number of people, most of whom were actually volunteers, and then they did some some stuff. That was very immoral and it wouldn't obviously didn't plus passed the clinical test standards. But it's a completely different thing. Braum everybody in the united states is being sprayed with something poisonous. The skit yeah I see what you're saying I mean. Obviously that was a small-scale thing. Did the CIA come forward with that information, or was that something that was unveiled through investigative work, the the MKULTRA they yeah? They had house hearings on it that can't force them to release the information. I think there's just been a big info dump of documents being released for your documents on a cycle. The black vault, the guy just got like thousands of pages of documents today, like all the stuff, oh wow, the ultra. This was just I just saw a tweet this morning, so wow it's gonna be interesting. Yes, any new comes out alright, but I wanted to follow up just to kind of show, like kind of what the government is capable of doing in a case like this after he committed suicide or was murdered. Possibly the US government first described it as a suicide, then as a misadventure, so they're they're they're removing the blame from themselves and in effect- and nobody really knows another one that would that was just apps insane I think you alluded to was radiation testing on the US public during the Cold War here, just like, for example, in San Francisco they would uh pepper in radioactive activity into the rolling fog yeah, not sure if that was actually radioactive there there's a thing called zinc, cadmium, sulfate, yes, here's the thing they use, which isn't really radioactive. It's fluorescent! It means you know if you shine a and infrared light, now all true pilot light on it, it will glow. So it's a thing that you can. You can track very easily and the reason they use it wasn't to see how well radioactive stuff spread. It was to see how well excuse me how well powder spread hmm because they figured Lena the the Russians or whoever would be like you know, spraying stuff into the air. How much of San Francisco whatever would eat actually get through and to do that they need, is something that they could detect very easily mmm. So they used this zcs in commune. Sulfate, we thought was perfectly safe time. It's not like some strange radioactive stuff, it's just stuff that you know glows in the dark when you, when you shine a light, so they could, they could detect it very easily. They I don't know whether you had like a little little detector of glowing specks or something, but it was that's why they used that I see so they thought it was safe, but it wasn't. Cuz I heard I had read that somebody there was cases of known cancer as a result, know a thing about. You know: people say that cases of cancer, some things you can always find some kind of correlation between any one thing and cancer like. If you live near power lines, people will say you can find a correlation between parallels. It's always gonna be like hot spots here, and there there's always going to be some people who attribute their cancer to something there's, no real proven court engine correlation between this release of zinc, cadmium, sulfate and, and that and it's something this please pretty safe I mean you wouldn't want to be eating teaspoons of it. Hmm, but a little bit of it sprayed in the air probably wasn't going to hurt. Anybody do I think they likened it like the effects of one secondhand smoke like being in room with somebody, whilst they smoked a cigarette or like less than that, here's a big one that we all take for granted the NSA surveillance, the scope of that before it was leaked, was something that none of us could have ever imagined what was taking place so I think the existence of that is probably a fuel to the fire of a lot of conspiracy, theorists that the US government spying on citizens of pretty much of all level of detail. In fact, this is one my favorite anecdotes that Snowden revealed he says in the course of the daily work they stumbled across, something that was completely unrelated to the work. For example, an intimate nude photo of someone in a sexually compromising situation, situation or but they're extremely attractive. He said what do they do? They turn around in their chair and show it to their coworker and their co-worker would say: hey that's great, send it to bill down the way they considered it perks of their job. Yeah, that's terrible, as well as the the NSA in the government, spying on American citizens like they do as much as they can get away with sure they want to have as much information as they can they're constrained by the law, but they're also constrained by how much the law is enforced, like they're supposed to get a FISA warrant right for four people, but they didn't have sealed warrants. A lot of the stuff that was revealed was stuff like the metadata for phone calls like they would record every single phone call. You made not necessarily record the actual voice. They do have the capability of recording all the voice and looking at it later, which is something that they they're arguing that they can use that to get around they. You know the laws against recording, because if no one listens to it right, it's just a very buffer. Essentially then yeah, so you know I, wouldn't trust the NSA. Oh yeah I, don't trust the government and I I. Don't think people should trust the government, interesting and I. Think that you know when you hear about things like that and the Snowden's revelations, you know, that's something that we need to. You know look at them. We need to have checks and balances in place and we need to actually work to try to stop things like that happening. So where does a healthy distrust of the government and an unhealthy distrust of the government begin? Well, it's when you start believing things really aren't backed up by the evidence when it's just kind of a suspicion of something and the thing you're suspicious of is something that is very outlandish and would require a very, very large operation like, for example, the buildings that collapsed on 9/11. Some people say that they were rigged with explosives so that they would collapse from explosives after the planes had hit them. Now that isn't backed it really by any evidence at all people say this evidence, but when you look at the evidence they present, it's really really bad terrible evidence and the theory itself doesn't really make any sense. You have planes fly into the building's big hole in them, huge fires that went on for four hours and then the buildings collapsed on the fire and everybody in engineering community. Ladies, they collapsed because of the fire mm-hmm. So now, you've got these other people coming along and they're saying: oh, no, it was explosives and it must have been explosives. It looked really weird, like blacks, look, really weird mmm, but there isn't really any strong evidence for it. So you're coming up with a you, know, distrust of the government, but it's it's it's a ridiculous thing. It's very enough saying like you know, the government does evil things. People in the government do evil things and the government is lying to the people a lot of the time you know most of the stuff you seen coming out of the the White House is PR. Essentially it isn't really just them trying to let you know stuff, that's good. You should actually have that distrust of the of the government, but it doesn't mean that every anti-government Theory is automatically true. You got to actually look at. Is this theory actually undeniable theory right? There's, there's one more. You know this. One I thought I think a lot of people hold this to be true. I certainly did, but when I started looking into it, it seems that reports of it are very contested that the CIA was trafficking, crack and cocaine in the 80s to help fund some of their campaigns, and they were largely responsible for the crack epidemic and in black neighborhoods. You that's kind of a multi-layered one really like the people. Yeah they said they were selling drugs for guns, mm-hmm or drugs, for whatever they were doing to finance their operations, which and I know I'm, not I'm, not sure. If this does true, it was there's evidence. Apparently, in 1986 a spoke met acknowledged that funds from sales of cocaine smuggled into the u.s. had helped fund the Contra rebels, but said that smuggling was not authorized by the US government or resistance leaders right yeah I am not really familiar with that one. So I couldn't tell you, then there's the broader conspiracy there that they deliberately sell, sold crack in black neighborhoods to you know impoverish them. Yeah yeah just keep keep black people poor, essentially, which is you know, obviously yeah, pretty serious, pretty outraged, yeah they're, a yeah and yeah I. Don't know if there's any real evidence behind that. You know they would sell it in neighborhoods where crack had been sold before I would imagine yeah I, don't know if they had any kind of conscious pushing it into certain neighborhoods. Well, let me ask you this: are there any proven, confirmed conspiracy theories that are favorites of years that come to mind? Well, yeah, there's this very obvious conspiracy theories that that are true, conspiracies. That would sure, like Richard Nixon lying about Watergate right. You know, we all know what happened now we in great details. We know exactly what happened and by the time he was denying it and half the country thought that he wasn't lying and if you did surveys at the time, do you trust Nixon on the Watergate issue and they they believed him, and that turned out to be here. The conspiracy there was true but I think there's a huge range of conspiracies that happen all the time we live in a country where, in a world where there's a lot of corruption, there's a lot of corruption and there's a lot of graft. There's a lot of light. You know you pat my back up at yours like you know, you'll do something for you. He does something to me. Favors people conspire to do things and the one I always come back to is just simply politicians doing things for industry. Essentially the military-industrial complex that we have. We have the the government makes regulations. Industry doesn't like regulations that will prefer certain regulations, so industry lobbies the government to try to get the regulations a certain way. They don't just lobby, though they give campaign contributions to politicians, they give gifts to politicians and, at some point it kind of sets over the line from giving these gifts to actual. Essentially, bribery and people are being convicted for this. It's not really. You know a conspiracy theory that it happens. We don't know exactly who's doing it really get caught, but we know that this is actually happening. We know that industry is essentially buying Congress to make favorable regulations for them and that's the type of very serious conspiracy that I think that people would be much better off. Focusing on I mean right, yeah I mean the consequence of that is as big as anything else that the that people are paranoid about. You know yeah and another of my favorites along those lines. Is the prison industrial, complex prisons, for-profit prisons, they're trying to make money, yeah yeah, and so they will lobby the government for regulations and laws that will make them more money, which means they do things like trying to increase mandatory minimum sentences, hmm and so they're, essentially bribing politicians to like boost the laws, boost the sentencing laws. So people have to spend more time in jail for the essentially harmless offenses and a lot of them are just like we yeah we'd, nonviolent yeah, yeah yeah, that's it that's another great one. I think the fact that prison is related with profit just seemed so well wrong. The there's more prisoners in the United States than any other country, including you know, China with billions of people all right. The stat is like here per capita per thing. One percent of the u.s. population is in prison is all right. Yeah about yes, I mean that's three million people. That is absolutely amazing, and it's just this kind of constant thing, and it really, you know it took off with the the war on drugs. So a lot of these people are just essentially drug offenders, but they don't really have a very good support system, so you get I'm going to jail and they're coming out, and then they forget some other petty offense and now they're in the three-strikes system. So they go back for another 20 years or something meanwhile they're all opioids are being prescribed to everyone. You know the real world, that's right by pharmaceutical companies to get people addicted to the drugs yeah I. Is it a conspiracy? It's not really a conspiracy there, it's just a fact: they're trying to sell a dress and they want people to get them says it it's up to the government right to regulate them and it's them to sell as much drugs as possible. Yeah. If you see a commercial on TV that essentially, is this drug company trying to persuade you that you need that drug. So many drug commercials -, isn't it just terrifying yeah and it really should be just you know. Your doctor should tell you if you knew that it's not used and the doctor I got to have this drug. They know talk to your doctor about this new drug yeah and it's the doctor. I mean how corrupt is the doctor profession where you can come to them and say: I saw this commercial and I want to try this drug and the doctor is more persuaded by that. Then what you may actually need, yeah, it's a messed up system and I. Think in other countries they don't allow. No adverts like that I mean coming from Israel I, remember, being really shocked when I saw the commercial break and how much of it was for dry-time telly. It's like 50%, like in Israel I, think all you would see is kind of like advil. You know something for headache over the counter over in the corner kind of yeah yeah. Well, that's that that those are that's a great point. You bring up I! Think it's it's something that a lot of people shouldn't bear in mind is like you know. You can spend all day. Thinking about chemtrails and anti vaccination in prison. You've got an incredible amounts of corruption and and in our government and that's that's more harmful. Then he, even if their conspiracies were true I, feel like that's inflicting more harm on the on the populace. Yeah to a large degree, yeah I mean, if you think about 9/11 sure if 9/11 was was true, that it was a conspiracy by the US government. Obviously that would be a huge all thing, but it's not actually affecting that many people right now. Another thing that happened for and was used for propaganda purposes. I think you know it was just as it appears to be, and it's not an actual conspiracy by the government. But you know if it was yeah. Why why? How is how is your activism in 9/11 going to help yeah I held the world, make it won't? It won't really yeah back to anything but well we're coming up on. Are we take a break at 30 minutes and now now I want to get into these kind of what I call contested conspiracy, there's the juicy juicy ones, and we can talk about the the details of those. You know Bob Bob Lazar, who was really amplified big time. Joe Rogan had him on his podcast. He had seven point: six million views, largely persuasive of people who watch that I want to talk about Epstein, that's just I mean even someone who me like me, who is very not prone to conspiratorial thinking, is the Epstein thing it makes you wonder. Right I mean so, let's get into all that we're gonna take a quick commercial break. You guys know how it is. We believe right back with Mick West stay tuned ela. If you're shopping online without honey, then you are lose literally losing hundreds of dollars every month during savings and I. Don't want to see you do that because, frankly, we share bank accounts. We are we shared money and illa if you're not using honey, you're losing me money. Ultimately, I want to share that insight with you guys. What is honey. Honey is a plug-in that shops, while you shop for the best coupon available. So let's say oh I'm on Best, Buy and I want to buy a computer. Well, what's gonna happen at checkout. Is honey's gonna scan the internet for all the best codes available and apply the one automatically? That's gonna, get you the biggest discount. It's free, it's easy to install two clicks and it's basically like your old, cheap dad who sits by the fire. Every night clipping coupons, not paying attention. You more focused on saving about $20, then ray giving you a proper upbringing. It's like that except you're not neglected as a child, and you don't have to live with the shame of actually sitting and clipping coupons. It's a way. It's honey here, for example, ela bought some tools for teddy fresh for designing Pantone books. We literally saved 758 dollars. It was super expensive. These books cost seven thousand five hundred eighty bucks and with honey where they were able to find a coupon that saved us. Seven hundred and fifty bucks. Are you kidding me? That's not the only time honey continues to save me. Money continues to impress me it's so easy to install the average honey user saves a hundred and twenty six dollars a year. That's like a hundred and twenty-six free King to all those dude. That's like a thousand Bubblegum's, there's, no reason not there's no reason at all not to try honey, it's free, it's so easy to install in just two clicks: you're gonna, save money, you're gonna treat yourself to something nice guys just give it a shot. Join for free at join honeycomb, slash, h3, that's join honey, comm, slash, h3, get it poppin, get it rollin start saving and forget about it. You believe you're not being snooped on or that nobody cares about. Your online data. Well, I'm, sorry to disappoint you, but you're wrong, because you listen to my show you're, clearly smart enough to understand that your privacy is under attack. Hackers government ad companies that is precedes our is PCs, are all gobbling up your data like all of it. That's why I recommend getting the software that I trust to protect my online activity? X yeah. Can we get like flames when I say that I'm lightening their apps use powerful encryption to secure your data? That's VPN runs in the background of your computer or phone, and then you use the internet just like you normally. Would you download the app put to connect and voila you're productive I, never go online without that's proof and you shouldn't either. Expressvpn is the fastest VPN and that ever has ever been created and it costs less than seven dollars per month and it comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee to expressvpn uses new cutting-edge technology called trusted server to make sure there's no logs of what you do it's time to stop hackers, Big, Brother, the internet companies from gobbling up your data. Take back your online privacy like I, did without spruce, boo, boo, yeah and right now protect your online activity today and find out how you could get three months for brew. Expressvpn Kansai shakes three: that's expr ESS VPN, dot-com, /, 8, 3 4 3 months free with a one-year package visit, expressvpn, dot-com, / h3 to learn more [Music]. We are back with Mik West. You can get his book on Amazon escaping the rabbit hole and you can check him out. His podcast is tales from the rabbit hole podcast. You know, Dan just checked the the fact. The stats there are more people in prison in America than the entire rest of the world combined yeah, it's pretty amazing monthly. We have like a quarter of the population of China right, India, China I mean I mean that's. What do you say about that? I mean what are we talking? Sometimes I hear stuff like that and I'm like. Why are we talking about Kent, Rose, okay, there's more people in prison in America than the rest of the world combined? There's three million people whose lives have been ruined a lot of them prove their own fault. Obviously, but a lot of those people who are in imprison me: you know they don't need to be there. Yeah well, I! Think of my you know, I think back on my own life I'm like if any of many of us, almost all of us, could in the right place and time or the wrong place and time be one of those people. You know I've done stupid things and I've walked around doing it. Do you know breaking the law and there's just it could have happened to any of us in the wrong place. In the wrong time, so well, regardless of that, let's, let's let's go on to the the juicy stuff, shall we all right? So my first question for you is: can fire melt steel beams? No, it comes I can't melt steel beams, so they're right it can soften them enough to let them Bend, hmm like if there was a fire in a room and there's a steel beam on the roof. Usually what will happen is the steel beam will sag down mm-hmm and that yeah, if you have enough of a fire and enough of the structure is compromised, especially in something like the World Trade Center, where the structure on one floor is supporting the structure of everything above it is. If you weaken that structure, you've got this huge weight, pressing down on these beams and these columns and enough of them enough of them Bend, then you're going to eventually get a collapse. That's what the Commission found- and it seems like such a great explanation to firfer like what you saw the way that the building collapsed. It seems to really explain what happened. Yet it's not enough yeah wait it's because it's actually quite complicated or what happened like we we're talking about the fire melting, steel beams and people say: why did the entire building collapse if the fire was only at the top mm-hmm, you know the the building below wasn't damaged at all. It was completely undamaged. So what's the explanation for that and the thing is the NIST who did the actual investigation into it? They never really addressed that. It never really addressed in-depth why the building's fell as quickly as they did. What they did say was as soon as the building started to collapse. There was no way of stopping it and it just fell through itself patient, basically, but because they didn't do a detailed explanation of that. That's allowed people to come up with conspiracy theories and they will say you know that there had to be some other mechanism on top of the fire to caused this collapse because they don't understand how it actually collapsed, because it's quite complicated, hmm, so you're saying they note that the Commission didn't fully understand how it happened or the conspiracy theorists don't understand. Now the Commission from their perspective, it wasn't the Commission that 911 Commission will actually investigate it like the hijackings and things like that, not so much their collapses. It was the NIST report that did the the investigation, the National Institute of science standards and technology science Atlantia. So they investigated the collapse up to the point where the top started to fall right, so they say which core columns we severed when the planes hit, how much did the plate? How? How much did the fires burn? What damage did the fires? Do you know? How would this soften columns? How would the building start to sag the top was start to lean to one side and at some point there wasn't enough support to keep keep the upper floors up and it started fall and then they said at that point. Yeah collapse was inevitable that everything would just collapse, so they didn't detail it yeah, but they knew you know. There are a whole bunch of scientists and engineers there. They knew that once the top started to fall, it would just go all the way down to the bottom. It was. It was obvious, but they it's really explicitly explained what was happening or why it was so fast and there's this fella this. It's a reasonably simple explanation as to why it happened. The building kind of simple analogy would be a zipper and that you've got something. That's very strong. You can't pull apart a zipper sideways, it's quite strong, but if you just pull the zipper down each thing comes apart. You know one one tooth at a time: that's kind of what happened with the World Trade Center, hmm, the the outside of the building, is attached to the the core of the building via the floors, which are very long and the floors themselves are only designed to support the people walking around on them and their own weight, plus the safety margin. The floors are not structural elements in terms of supporting a vertical load, so something falls down on the floor. It's very easy for it to light gonna strip the floor away from the columns and you've got all these floors all the way around. Linking this licking the core to the outside and once you've got a falling mass of girders, which weigh hundreds of tons each falling down from the first. The first drop was only one floor, so the falling down say 13 feet. The next one is 26 is falling down. 26 accelerated even further see you can imagine if you drop a a 20 ton, steel girder on top of something from even just like 30 feet, it's gonna, pretty much destroy whatever was underneath it and you've got hundreds of these things, if not thousands of them falling all at once, and the whole building is disintegrating. It's pointed pieces, it's like dropping a huge yeah whose bag of boulders on top of it, so it strips away all these floors from the columns. The columns are unsupported. You see the walls, the exterior walls can appealing away almost like a banana peeling away and these sections falling off. It's because they're not attached to the core anymore and they've got this huge mess inside yeah. The chorus of is a lot stronger than the exterior walls. It's really these very thick columns, some of them I heard, like 2, inch thick steel up there and performance just thick at the bottom. That actually stands a bit longer, and you see this. If you watch the videos carefully, you will see bits of the core remaining. Whilst the collapse is happening, easy poking up through the cloud of dust, because the floors have instructed where the outside walls are falling away, but the core is still kind of standing for a while it's time for a little bit longer, but eventually, like it succumbs to it and in both buildings, when the collapse wave of the the building you he saw that people think going all the way down the building. When that reached the bottom, half of the core was actually still standing. The building starts like listing your full height. Half of it is still standing and all four things are stripped away and you see in some photos or something they they describe it as the spire. It looks kind of like this spindly spire, but it's really half the height of the building they've got stripped away, which kind of demonstrates what the mechanism was mhm. So there is actually an explanation for why it fell as fast as it did. It fell through the floors it didn't fall through the columns columns are the strong things you really hard to fall through a column, but you fall past the columns stripping away all the support. The columns are now unsupported from the sides very easy to bend something when it's not supported from the side, yeah that all collapses mmm. There was an explanation there. People just don't don't like to listen, I, think it's just it's so spectacular. What happened that not just one one was was uh was incredible. Two was just like overwhelming right and so I think just the sheer destruction and chance of it of it happening like that. It looks. It was hard to believe it was incomprehensible to look at I. Remember, hearing about it. I was driving to work. I was on the 4 or 5 and I'd heard on the radio. Like someone talking about you know, Washington being attacked and I thought I'm listening to some play or something and then I tried changing the channels and it was the same thing on there and then someone said a plane flew into the World Trade Center and I'm on the phone to my wife at the moment. While this is going on and it's giving me chills just thinking about it and then I heard them say, one of the towers has collapsed. Yeah I was like how can that be just then another yeah and then so I said I was relating this to my wife. I was like one of the towers has collapsed, yeah and then the other one has co-op's knows yeah. It was just your brain can't wrap around it and I think if you saw it on TV as well, that's gonna be a even more so it's just this. What the heck is going on here. This huge explosion, looking thing for God the second one hit the building on through yeah yeah I saw that too, so that so there's other. So the other aspect of conspiratorial thinking around that is the building seven issue, which wasn't a satellite building of the World Trade Center right yeah, a smaller associated building. It was about half the height of the World Trade Center towers also collapsed. It also collapse yeah, it was its bet. It was about one block to the north, another block on the city block. He was one building away from the North Tower. The North Tower was the one with the antenna. Ah did any other buildings collapse. There were buildings that were essentially so destroyed. He might as well call them coincidental that the three buildings to collapse- you know, you're talking about a separate building. Yeah was the world another World Trade Center building. Well, the entire complex was essentially World, Trade Center. This one was just you know bit off to the side mm-hm, but the reason it collapsed was essentially that the North Tower Tower one fell against it. You had this this this tower near the was 1300 foot tower and you just I think like 600 feet away, you've got the World Trade Center, seven building seven and the entire south face of that building is facing the World Trade Center, which is just like a few hundred feet away and then there's this enormous collapse with life stuff going everywhere. You know huge clouds of debris and there's good as flying off and a lot of that hits the the World Trade Center 7 and he damaged it quite a bit. There was actually like a large chunk taken out of one corner the southwest corner, and then there was like what looked like a whole line. Perhaps one whole column had been destroyed. It's hard to sell with the smoke on that side, loads and loads are damage to the windows, so it was very easy for fires to get started. You know, there's burning debris coming down and fires get started throughout. The building. Several floors were on fire at least like four or five floors were fully engulfed in fire. All the way across other floors had various fires here and there you look at the south side of the building a lot of the times the conspiracy theorist will just show. You then show you the north side of the milling, because most of the people at that time were on the north. Looking south mmm, because that's where the safe area was seeing if people went north on the island, so they show you the south side, the north side of the building, which looks relatively undamaged right, the the south side is completely engulfed in smoke. He can tell how much fire there is, but it's the smoke everywhere and there you can see damage. You can see this huge gouge that has been taken out of the corner and the fires basically were unfought for many hours. Right I had heard that firefighters were in building seven, but they were actually had had decided of act of triage to abandon, building seven and just let it burn so they could focus on the main towers yeah, and there were reports throughout the day that people thought it was going to collapse, and people thought that, because they could, you could hear the building shifting right and they could some people said they saw like a bulge in the side of the building and then there's one famous clip of a firefighter saying it's gonna collapse, there's no way it couldn't collapse. So you have all that. But then it's like you just see one dude on the street, like you, remember, loose change that was like I. Remember, I was in high school watching that and it was, it was almost like the cool. It was a kind of hip to be a 9/11 conspiracy theorist because you were just if it made you feel kind of like inside and cool and intelligent and and but what this documentary shows and a lot of what you see is some guy on the street near the there. The tower saying like oh, it sounded like a explode like a demolition or I, saw demolition in art a couple of first-hand accounts, but that verse all of the you know official data and footage and the counts, and that's it that's all it takes. It does yeah people, you think he didn't sound like a demolition. He didn't look like a demolition. For a start, the Twin Towers being destroyed from the top down. There's no demolition using explosives. That does that you know they would they would trigger it at the bottom. We do it at the bottom yeah and then it would ya know start from her. The World Trade Center 7. That looks more like a demolition that it comes fairly straight down, but the huge difference between nothing, a regular demolition is that there weren't these loud bangs. Hmm, if you listen to our actual controlled demolitions, it's incredibly loud and then like the super super loud bangs, which you can hear from a mile away and would be, would have been recorded by this little rhythmic and it's and it's a timed and there's a lot of them. Yeah, oh yeah. They they can do it with one at once, but they generally don't. But if there was just one it would be an enormous ly loud, yeah bang. So you don't hear that. So you saying it's like a controlled demolition yeah, it superficially looks like one the building comes down, but so I mean people who demolish buildings use the same principle of physics. You have the building, destroy itself under gravity right here exactly you know. It doesn't help. Also kind of when you look back on the politics surrounding 9/11. It's like all the sudden were attacked by al-qaeda and the government is like. Oh, we need to go into Iraq yeah. So again the government I feel like fuels. This conspiracy by I mean it doesn't make any sense. What is a rep, what it erected yeah? They know it was exploited, they exploited the event. Now they essentially benefited from it in that it furthered their geopolitical goals in some ways, but just because that happened it doesn't mean that they actually did it sure it just means they took advantage. Oh great yeah I mean, if you find a wallet on the street. It doesn't mean that you stole the wallet from somebody. Just means you've just found it and you take. It doesn't mean you and if there was a murder and there's something lying around and you take, it doesn't mean you killed the guy mm-hm you're, just exploiting the situation and that's what happening with the government all right, 9/11, you know, I. You had tweeted something interesting before we move on. You had tweeted that 9/11 is here. It is on the TV fading away. Yeah. That's interesting, yeah, interesting 9/11! This is this. Is the Google Trends chart and there was a huge peak back in step, 10 2006, which I think was the time of the the NIST report being released for the towers collapse, and so it was like the heyday of people criticizing the government, and every year you see a peak and every year pretty much it gets less and less and now really nothing. Yes, almost nothing! There's probably going to be a peak a slightly bigger peak this year, because there's uh the architects and engineers for 9/11 truth mmm this this big truther organization, they actually paid the University of Alaska like three hundred and forty thousand dollars to do a study on building seven. They have that much fun stuff. Yeah people donate the yeah, they're they're, a pretty big organization, I think they're, taking like a million dollars a year and the goal again. It's like I'm full-time pay, though oh they're, full-time employees and everything. That's again we go back to this issue of like then anywhere in the world. That's the stat that is undisputable! Well, I would say you could do both if this was a real thing, mmm, but I, don't think it is I, don't think it is a real thing. I think they're wasting their time. Well, I, wouldn't like fault people from doing things that they think to be true and pursuing something but yeah. Really after all these years, nothing has really changed. No new evidence has come forward, that's true, and we should have been able to figure it out by now. Instead, we've just got the same: it's a nonsense, evidence being recycled over and over again people. You know saying: oh, we fill faster than free for things like that when they're, just ignoring the actual explanation as to why it can fall not faster than freefall, but at near freefall, speed right, accelerations, so you're, just getting the same stuff being recycled over and over again for fast enough proof for this. How is that even possible, regardless? It's technically as possible? Excuse me it's possible if something is pulling it in addition to gravity. But how could you possibly physically pull down the let's say, let's say: you're standing on top of a cliff and you're tied to someone and with a long rope and they jump off and a couple of seconds later you jump off they're already falling faster than you, so the road gets taunt and then that pulls you down sure. But how could you do that with the bill in a building if the interior of the building falls down the core comms are falling down, then, when they hit the lower floors that can pull down on the outside by the floors kind of pivoting in and pulling down it's theoretically possible? But how does that? How does that and further their conspiracy desert yeah? That's what I'm concerned about. If you had, if you had explosives, it would fall. It wouldn't freefall all that yeah, because they would sever everything. You wouldn't have this complicated mechanism. Understand that sir, it's not a claim that they make it's actually a deep bunker claim, though some people have said. Oh, we can, if you measure it carefully, it's a bit actually a bit greater than freefall. Interesting, therefore, it couldn't have been explosive. I am really like verified that it will make all right. Let's talk about Epstein, something current all right, something uh. As I said, I am NOT one prone to conspiratorial thinking by any means, but when you look at the circumstance around Epstein's death, it is so questionable and I'll preface it with this. There's a Rasmussen poll conducted in August found that 29% of American adults believe Epstein, actually community committed suicide, while 42 percent believed he was murdered to prevent him from testifying against powerful people with whom he associated and 29 percent were undecided. Clinton body count and Trump body count were trending on Twitter, as users accused both Bill and Hillary, Clinton or Donald Trump of being involved in Epstein's death. And, of course, our president, several hours after Epstein was found dead, retweeted a conspiracy theory suggesting that there was a connection between the Clintons and Epstein's death. So there's a lot to unpack there. Obviously, let's start with Epstein's death. As you know, here's the circumstance the guy had attempted suicide a mere week before he was taken off suicide watch several days before his death. Correct me. If I'm wrong on those right, he was able to set up a will two days before his death. The video footage that was supposed to be recording was claimed unusable. The guards who were supposed to be watching him were apparently they're supposed to be. Checking on him on an hourly basis did not check on him for several hours during the period of his death and and I mean he's one of the probably the most precious felon in the American justice system, or not Mellon, but the suspect suspect in the American justice system, and yet, despite all of that, he was able to die yeah whether by suicide or murder. Foul play, we don't know. Well, they claim suicide. So how I mean okay, Stu someone who did someone who's, not conspiratorial minded. How do you? How does that all that stuff add up I mean? What's your take on that I think? Well, what I like to do when you presented with something like this is not have to go for one explanation or the other I say: I, believe this or I believe this instead I'd like to make a list of the possible things that might have happened and then say how likely I think they are I call it. A comic ranking like ma comes razor, see, use Occam's razor, but you keep everything in a list, and so you think, what's the most plausible thing. What's the next most plausible thing, and you know what evidence would be needed for this, so I think you know, I would put the possibility that there was some conspiracy going on behind his death as being a plausible thing. I think the most likely thing is that he just killed himself and I think that what we are seeing with all the things you just mentioned, like the guards you know not checking on him, the video not working. If there was records falsified, the guard said they went and checked on him, but they didn't and they just falsified the records, and you know all of that just kind of shines, a light on the crappy state of the federal prison system. The federal prisons are very overcrowded, the very understaffed the people who are stuffing them are often unqualified. These, sadly, sometimes even have to have people like janitors and technicians do some of the rounds because they have so few people working there. They had reported that some of the people watching him world um, not officers, yeah exactly yeah yeah, so they have like you, know, janitors like just doing it, because they need someone decking on to do something. It's you know, menial tasks and in the federal prison system, the rate of suicides as doubles more more than doubled in the last eight years, because there's been this downward trajectory and in the quality of care, essentially in the federal prison system and overcrowding and lack of staffing, I think there's something like 2000 vacancies, you're, comparing epstein situation to a normal prisoner, whereas he was a suicide risk and he was someone that was greatly important to the Justice Department yeah. Well, obviously, no one made a big deal about saying he should be put on suicide watch permanently mm-hmm, so should that have been done in hindsight? Obviously, yes is that part of the conspiracy well there's kind of the various levels of the conspiracy. The simple conspiracy is that someone snuck in there and murdered him right on the cameras off and then there's a conspiracy that they just knew he was suicidal, and so they just encouraged whoever they get. They gave him the the means to do it himself, but he he requested to be taken off suicide watch through his lawyers yeah. His lawyers should have his best interests at heart, I imagine like yeah, he he he's essentially I guess was a psychopath. He was a person who could manipulate people very easily, so he was able to make the the prison psychiatrist think that he wasn't going to kill himself mmm, he's probably being all happy and positive and looking forward to the trial and things like that, and but he was just doing it with the idea that he was gonna, kill himself because he's a guy who can manipulate people, so it doesn't seem at all unreasonable the you know. If you request a psychiatrist to evaluate you for the suicide watch, they have to do it. So this is a kiya Trish comes and evaluates, and for the suicide watch Epstein's all all happy jolly and positive. He has to take him off it and then so they put him on to me or whatever the occasional checks type thing, and he finds twenty minutes and kills himself I think it is a likely explanation that it was um. Let's say, suicide, by opportunity. Yeah, but here did somebody not deliberately not but does put him on that list. Doesn't he need that means to commit suicide? Everyone has the means once that put back in gen-pop they're jealous he he wasn't in general puppy. It was. It was taken out of the cell, the suicide watch cell, which has like special bunks and things. He doesn't have any bars where you can tie anything from it and I think they've. It there's various levels of suicide watch. The most extreme one is a five-point restraint where they they tie down your arms and legs in your head, and then it goes down from there. So they should tie down your arms or legs and there's the manacle year. Sometimes they will give you clothing, that you can't use that will rip and then there's the cells that are special cells with no bars. He was in a Cell that had a bunk bed and if you got a cell with a bunk bed, that's got a bar on it. You can tie something to it. You can kill yourself mm-hm, you just use your pajama pants or something wrap and bungee neck and to tie it to the thing and then just you know lean for net broke, although his his hyoid bone broke, which is a little bone right here, it's kind of like a wishbone. He goes around from one side. The other I think it's like a structural thing for you voice box, and this is a bone that breaks quite commonly when people are strangled. Hmm, it's also a bone that breaks quite commonly when old people commit suicide, it's a bone that becomes more brittle with age, so a person in their 60s or 70s. He was 65 I think if they commit suicide by by hanging, it's very likely that that bone will break people make a lot of it, because people want to make a lot of it. You hear a lot of people making noise about this and they say. Oh, this is something that happens when people are strangled, but if he was strangled, obviously to the point of breaking that bomb, there would be other signs of strangulation right, yeah, probably yeah, but there's also being strangled. Isn't that different from being hanged? If you go, if you do, they could probably you garrote him from behind and make it look like a hanging, but that you, this is a next level up conspiracy. That means there's to be someone else in the CEL actually doing it. If you wanted Epstein dead and you're a high-level individual I think it would be smarter and less risky just to give him the means and the timeframe to do it himself, because clearly he had already attempted it. Yeah I mean that I would probably the first first step. Yeah I mean, if you think, if you posit that there was a conspiracy, then it's possible that they said well. Let's just leave him there for a while and see if he takes care of himself and if we, if not then we'll jump in there and do something, but we don't really have any evidence of you. The later stages of it I'm an actual active thing. We just have this evidence of what could be just incompetence in the prison system, because it's this hugely overworked federal prison system and I feel like that is probably the most likely because once you say it really makes me think about other stuff and how true that is, like you, think something as big as like a huge company would be so organized, but once you actually get familiar with it a lot of times, you realize it's really far from something you like that's slick and like when I was in the Army I thought everything would be so organized such a serious operation and it's like so not so, incompetent, yeah and then Speier sees often give people too much credit too much. Guy yeah yeah. Well, there's stuff by people: the corporation's are full of people and yeah I mean the prison system is full of people and they fail their people make mistakes, but the Bolivia thing I mean it's. It's like every single way along I think that's probably just more evidence the same type of thing they don't. They didn't, have the staff to keep things like that up, but it was Epstein of all people yeah, just some random yeah, so that that kind of shows you that he wasn't given some kind of special treatment which I think it's of anything that the Justice Department was a little bit too Cavalier, or maybe they were a little too much like a it's. It's totally fine. If this dude ends up dead could be okay, yeah but yeah. We it's just that's, obviously a speculation because it could have been the other thing, so the lists I. What so rank it for me right when you say suicide, are you talking about so when you say suicide clarify just suicide by pure negligence of of the yeah? That's that the people there or suicide by an opportunity given I would I would rank just regular suicide as the first thing mmm-hmm just underneath that I would rank the some kind of opportunity given make them not putting him on permanent suicide watch deliberately or just not making a big deal about it. Look no giving they say, don't give him any special treatment. You know I'll put that as a second but you've kind of lower down I'd say you would think that the Justice Department would be like this. Guy cannot kill himself, and you know everyone was already saying. Oh he's gonna end up dead. Like jokingly, everybody was like that. Guy's gonna die prison for sure, and you would think that the officers and the Justice Department would be like no, not honor. That would be true if things were run as they should they're runners. Do they should when the when the, when the Attorney General says hey guys, this guy can't die, you know the whole Justice Department can be in disarray, but once the Attorney General specifically calls up your prison and says this guy stays alive. He stays alive. Sir, because he didn't do that, yeah yeah- is that a conspiracy of omission? Did he deliberately not do it or did they just never say? Certainly at the very worst, it's such extreme negligence that I almost in almost well they're looking for scapegoats right now they fired the director of Prisons and his replacement is the previous director of Prisons, who retired like seven years ago, some some old lady who hasn't worked in the prison system for like last seven years. That would be good yeah yeah. She was doing a better job than he was doing yeah. Obviously the stuff needs needs fixing in the prison system, but is that the only factor- so you say prison by negligence or I- mean suicide by negligence, yeah just regular, regular suicide, and that's just the system failed him and then number two would be suicide by opportunity. Number two would be like somebody helped the system fail in yeah. They knew that they which would be conspiratorial, yeah yeah, that's pushing, and then you can have got various levels of that. You know how much did they help did. Did you know if you get to an actual conspiracy of someone doing something positive, then they would say, like the guards should not be in his cell at this time right and then you've got like they're super conspiracies of him being killed by someone sneaking into his cell, and then you got the super duper conspiracies. Oh he's still alive and he never died at all and they spirited him away, and just so, he did that that one is something like that. These people, who apparently shared in his escapades with him, cared enough like these are. This is a great already sight parrot a double body. I mean these are psychopaths yeah. These are Psychopaths with Psychopaths. They they would not. You know, lift a finger to save him, but regardless so now, when we look back at who Epstein was and who he associated with, do you think it's possible, for example, that Bill Clinton could fly on his private plane with him? What was it like 26 times and not know what he was up to sure? If you look at those actual trips, one of them was a big trip. Around Africa, which was 11, stops so 26 26 of those those flights were just this one trip around around Africa and Europe and Paris how many eleven? Okay, you still have 15 yeah I. Think six of them were for one trip to Asia. Hmm, that's something you don't hear yeah, which is very compelled. It was like Hong, Kong and I. Think maybe I went to Russia I'm, not sure where it was. It was like something for like the Clinton, Global Foundation or something, and then what does it mean? They were just using his plane, yeah yeah I think he was like you know. Essentially a charity type thing that they were doing so that's fine, let's say. But okay, let's continue down. So, let's say: there's even six left seven left on ignored that were individual flights, they're all listed where he went from and to so we knew we know what they actually were. One of them was a flight from JFK to Luton, which is in London and then the next day, flying back so yeah. Is that suspicious? Maybe you know, is he flying it's plane, Bill Clinton to London, so he can. He engage in some nefarious activity. Maybe, but it seems just like another Michael I wonder how many people, how many flights, how many people I mean flights, are we talking about here? You know what I mean. How frequently was this guy flying around? Oh, if he flew a lot, if you look at the actual logbooks, I was looking at them. Last night, I was trying to figure out where all these flights were going to mmm I did a post on Mehta bunk about it. Looking through it all and epsilon is flying around everywhere. It was all flying with that. His new assistant, the lady he's lame as well yeah and a few other people who was recently seen in LA at in-and-out, the first it was kind of doctored in a very strange way. Was it yeah? There was all kinds of being poster in the background wasn't right, we couldn't figure out every buddy. A meta bunk was looking at this. This thing and trying to figure out you know, is this where it is. Obviously, that in and out how do you feel when you get turned into the conspiracy theorist? You know that frequently must happen in your line of work. I I, don't really get turned into a conspiracy theorist, but I try to figure stuff out right, so I see something. That's weird and I think how can this possibly be? How can this this this thing be explained? Does it take you to span on? It depends on like that this is your full-time day. Look like I mean I did spend hours. Looking at these photos of Ghislaine Maxwell, it's the in and out it was an interesting back yeah sure. So it was like a reflection of a car in the in the advert and the bus stop. So I did a little 3d model, so I could check to see if the angles were right with the other car yeah. You know you, you eliminate one possibility and brings you closer to the truth. Yeah. It really wasn't very important. You know. That's just you know that poster was just a PR thing on her her part, but she was reading some book about CIA age. Yeah, it's almost like you know, trying to send a message or something like because it was. It was a photo shoot that was staged by her I think, a publicist friend or a real brand or something- and you know they- obviously she probably picked which book yes makes more sense than sitting in another cycle, they're all Psychopaths. Okay, maybe they pick the book that they thought, which is mess with people the most and get me talking, and maybe the edited all this stuff I mean I thought people would talk about it, a psycho. Can you be at a time when you're a your prop? Let's I, don't know her involvement with him, but she was certainly a lifetime partner of his oh yeah and so to trivialize. The whole thing by kind of sitting out of in and out with the CIA book is pretty psychotic yeah. Who knows? What's going on yeah, be you look at look at the flight logs she's listed and pretty much every flight was emails so now, when you that that's really interesting what you say about Bill Clinton yeah that yet they certainly omit that how they never would mention, never heard a you know. 27 flights could actually I mean like three trips yeah, it's six six trips I! Think in total. That's incredible! That is such a big 20 as well that just him doing his Clinton Global Initiative Wow status. That's incredible! So there you go, I mean the way that information is presented, make solidarity, yeah, yeah and some people present. You know he flew on the loliter expressed 26 times yeah and then that becomes he flew on the loliter expressed to the private island, which I regret, and he never did, there's no evidence. He ever went there. Oh that leaders there's one of the girls. Now woman says that she saw him. You know like 15 years ago there or something like that, so he has actually been. Someone has actually said that he was there, but there's no actual real evidence other than that they went there, certainly not the flights. It's. It is interesting how how connected he was. He was also friends with with Donald Trump a car president. It's very interesting, you know yeah, he what was print with with the royal family and people, don't really know how he made his money right right. This is weird. He was a hedge fund manager, then, when, upon further inspection he hadn't made much money. Managing funds is that right, yeah I think he was essentially a money manager for very rich people. What billionaires would give him money and he would invest it for them. Mm-Hmm. Some people think he might have been running some kind of Ponzi scheme. You know, pyramid thing like Madoff did well certainly fits his profile as a psycho, oh yeah, yeah I mean you can totally see it's like if Madoff Bernie Madoff got away with it, mmm that's Jeffrey Epstein mm-hmm, and so we don't really know. What's what happened you'd be interesting. How I only knew Yeah right? Well, they they know from the documents that they've got of him, but I, don't sure they don't know everything by the way. Irs another entity they're completely understaffed and yeah, the guy's filing tax returns and well yeah that'd be something in there. Yeah, presumably yeah. But you know just because you're filing tax returns, it doesn't mean you yeah and if you're running a Ponzi scheme are you gonna put it on your tax returns? Well, I assumed that IRS when they see a billionaire, if they see a guy flying around with private jets and hanging out with like all these people and he's showing that he made a million bucks. They're gonna be like. Let me see, yeah he's gonna, look like he made that money so that he's gonna. If he was running some kind of pyramid sketch show a lot of money. Gonna show that people are giving him money, he's investing it and the certain returns that he's got but they're not gonna. Look at the actual. You know every single little detail probably used a bunch of like offshore accounts as well. Yeah yeah disguise it. The Epstein's case is a very interesting one. The connections the mysterious got it all the mysterious murders I mean it's really a perfect fodder for numeracy theorists yeah. Well, there you have, it I, think I think we actually learned a lot here. I think that you mentioned the Clinton body count as well. I think a lot of people kind of take for granted that that's a true thing. The Clintons are actually murdered. Lots of people. Certainly a right wing. Talking point yeah hold the betrayal. It's it's a pretty old conspiracy. Theory goes way back to the 90s. Someone started a Clinton body count with 20 people, also Oh 20, yeah, very generous. Now it's hundreds because, oh really yeah does each person accounted for. Are they where's? The number come from these people who died? These are people who had some connection with the Clintons and who are now dead, so anyone that knew the Clemson diet yeah out of the approximately you know, 1 million people who at some point had some connection to the Clintons. So let me ask you this of the body count. Is there any of them that you find even the slightest bit credible? Well, there's lots of people who will die and then you can't say exactly why they died. No, but their death benefited those linens yeah the prob'ly are I'm, not you know, aware of them, but yeah, there's probably going to be on the law of average I, don't know a hundred, it would help. But I don't know. There's people like you know old bodyguards or relatives of all bodyguards. One big one is the set rich. That's the one that you always hear ya know. Can you explain cuz I'm not this is the one that I always hear. I mean by huge right-wing publications and very popular figures saying they, like you said, hold it pretty much to be very yes. Seth rich was a DNC staffer and the theory goes is that he was the one who leaked all their stuff from the DNC, the DNC emails, the internal emails and they believed that he was killed because of that because he was going to reveal it to the media problem. Is that was just a completely made-up story? He is. It is a DNC suffered, but there's no evidence whatsoever that he actually had access to these servers and took this information from them. So they're they're they're connecting dots that not evidence, and you know he was killed in what was described as a botched robbery- hmm yeah, so he was, he was mugged essentially, but and he'd had nothing being taken and he was dead. They that's something you can see how it could happen. Someone tries to rob somebody so give me your money. They don't give him the money, so they issue them. And then you know you see some people down the street, so you run off it's something. That's quite plausible that could happen mm-hmm. Just because it's a Fischer narrative to make you suspicious doesn't mean it automatically is suspicious dan. Can you pull it up? Dan was saying that FoxNews, even at one point, oh yeah, the most popular news outlet in the country had made a story about it. Dan. Can you link me now I think we should watch that I think that would be useful, yeah and I think they were forced to retract it as well. Oh, they did I, don't under retraction as well. Dan yeah, okay, well in CNN and recently had a really great Donald Trump story they retracted about they had reported. It was this huge news. He said he has Donald's tax returns and his loans had Russian oligarchs as co-signers that were close to Putin, and everyone was just like holy [, __ ], that's crazy and then the next night they retracted yeah, our Donald, had threatened them with legal action to which, if it's not true, fair enough right yeah. Certainly it's certainly something that he and he knew that they wouldn't be able to back it up. Yeah yeah, maybe there's something there. He probably has some connections to Russian oligarchs of some level, but he knew that this particular thing wasn't true, so he just pounced on it and was like you know, fake news CNN. From his perspective, it was a good thing because it did and again again it's just another another loss for ya people who who do subscribe to this theory, that the Trump is somehow a rush, a Russian asset, yeah and I. Don't think there's any real actionable evidence like that's what Mulder found was that there wasn't enough evidence to point any fingers in that direction and lots of stuff going on. Obviously, the Russians did a bunch of stuff hmm, but was there any connection between what they did and the Trump campaign? There's no real strong evidence that happened, there's circumstantial evidence, people had meetings with Russians. Does the famous like Trump Tower meeting where they yes, supposedly we're getting dirt on Hillary Clinton, so things actually happened, the nothing that raises to the level of something there's, some Ross high-level collusion between Russia and campaign, yeah, certainly wouldn't rule it out that I wouldn't also bring it to trial right. Okay, you probably lose you got that bit away from Tim I'm trying to find the video, it's surprisingly hard, I guess. Maybe it's not surprising that it's hard to find Fox's retraction I'm, finding a lot of articles about how they had to retract the story. But do you have the original story sure hold on one second yeah? Well, a Hannity in particular, was pushing it and every night for four weeks on it yeah. Let me watch that I want to see the original story, so I want to get into that, but then I really want to get into the Bob Lazar yeah choice in Bob Lazar area 51. Now, when I see this guy talk, I tried to watch this podcast with him I ever watch the documentary first mm-hm I mean from a film perspective. I, it was just I, don't want I, don't wanna, be I, know a lot of people subscribed to it, so I don't want to belittle them or dismiss their their their beliefs, but the documentary which is so poorly made was just so strange. Bizarre I couldn't get into it and I'm looking into the bat, the Bob, Lazar, podcast, Lazar, Lazar and well. A lot of stuff doesn't really add up, yeah and and and so I think the claims he makes are really fascinating. You want to believe it like one of his claims. For example, he goes. He goes. They use for propulsion. He claims, first of all, that they had 12 or 13 alien spacecrafts, and he was one of the engineers working on them at the time and he claims that they were there to reverse engineer the technology. Correct me if I'm wrong on this day, that's what he says and then he claims that the propulsion was fueled by an atomic element 115, which he explained generates a gravid gravitational wave. Now wasn't there it was there not a molecule 115 discovered since yeah, so that so that an element, that's compelling right to be like oh I, was working on this, but down he discovered, sounds compelling understand the history of chemistry. There's been a continuous process of filling in the periodic table, all of the elements there being an atomic number, which is the number of number of protons in the nucleus. So you start out with number 1, which is hydrogen, which has one and then helium has two and an oxygen there's four wrong, but so you just get more and more and they're the ones that, with a low number, are very stable mm-hmm, especially when they're in you know molecular forms, but higher up, they become more unstable, so they're very, very hard that you don't find them in nature. Basically, so all the ones that are high up on the table they had to synthesize they had to actually create them by using some kind of radiation method and, as you got further and further along, they get harder and harder just just synthesized. So what when Bob Lazar suggested element 115 with 115 protons in the nucleus? They just hadn't got to eat yet yeah, but it was one of the ones that was the next one along I think they were up to about 111 112 there. This they skipped them, occasionally, Kuzma the odd ones are harder or something like that. But it's something that was inevitably going to be synthesized at some point and when he was synthesized it was found to be very, very unstable, like he would immediately just go booth like yeah in milliseconds, really like half a second was his half-life and he just just vanished, but Bob Lazar claims that he took a pound of it home with him, and it's this stuff that wouldn't exist in a form that you got a new person you couldn't have it. You mean it's basically saying right: it'd, probably tear apart your cells yeah, because it's disintegrating so rapidly. If you had a lot of it, would create a lot of heat and probably radiation yeah. So it's not something you want to have around you, but it's not something you can have in in solid form yeah. So he hasn't been vindicated. No one's come up with solid 115. We just come up with a way to synthesize what we knew was actually there like this elements. They'll, of course we don't have a lien technology and they would be able to stabilize it yeah there's the thing if you introduce something like alien technology. Is the explanation that's like saying: oh, but we have magic so I want to I, want to ask you kind of like a meta point about him. Joe had him on his podcast to 7.6 million views. The reception to that was extraordinarily positive. Mmm. Do you think that it's irresponsible for Joe to have someone like that on his podcast? Or do you like? How do you view something like that? I, don't think it's causing any great harm. Mm-Hmm Joe's was a big fan, he's a big UFO guy and you really likes the story and he believes Bob Lazar. It seems so you know he's just he's just promoting a story. You think what is it true that a gateway to the rabbit hole? It's I, don't really know like if the UFO thing is the gateway to the rabbit hole, people who get into UFO stuff, they tend to just stay in UFO stuff, because it's so fun like the aliens is really amazing thing and it supersedes everything else. You don't even get you don't see. Any correlation between unhealthy conspiracy couldn't go conspiratorial thinking and and people who generally it was probably some Oh, probably some overlap. You you go from one to the other, but a lot of the people I talk to in say, 9/11 they'll, say that I investigate UFOs, because I'm trying to discredit the 9/11 truth movement. They view UFO ology as being this ridiculous thing that no one should look at and then the people who Reuters yeah the truth, then the UFO people. They all think that the truthers are completely crazy and that I shouldn't be putting them in the same boat as truthless interests. Normally, you get a gradation where one is more extreme than the other, but here you've got kind of two can done overlapping areas. There's also conspiracy, shaming yeah, my conspiracy. His claims are pretty extraordinary, I mean I'd love for it to be true, it's something fantastic like he says that he lived in it or he worked in a facility just outside area. 51. Dad caves basically dug into the side of a mountain he worked on flying saucers. He worked on the specifically one called the sports model, which was manufactured out of a metallic substance, similar in appearance and touch to stainless steel, but apparently had some other property too, not right what they stainless steel doesn't sound like fantastic yeah. Now you don't have to have some kind of weird the thing about the things that he's suggesting is it's some way of bending gravity, repenting bending space-time, essentially, which is the same thing as gravity, which is a popular you know, and in sci-fi, oh yeah, and exactly it's. It's not a new concept. Certainly no, and it would have been something he would have been aware of when he wrote these things. You know I think. Essentially he made it all up. Do you think that he has drank his own kool-aid or do you think he's kind of just doing a social experiment I think they probably started out just him having fun making stuff up, but over time a life out. I think he might even have been telling the same thing so long that he kind of believes that something happened right because there's so much detail yeah it's it's totally the same story over and over again. It's not really that much. There he's got a picture in his head or what he thinks these these these sources look like. You'll hear him talking about the same things over and over again, like he had a hatch here, it had a honeycomb, it was, you know, had a half dome and you know did this: it's just telling you the same story, so he has a story down pat and he's repeating it, but it doesn't. It doesn't add up and there's other things as well like he claimed he went to I think he was Harvard or Stanford this that's my favorite thing. He claims he went to both MIT and Caltech. Okay. However, both schools have no record of him, which, of course, he claims that the government erased his academic record to discredit and that should be aggressively read. You can't isn't that great attend to schools for many years and have know everything you've done, but they'll. Let you go yeah. Why didn't they go back and get there? Well? Why not just kill him exactly if the government yeah you know just just throw him off the side of the flatter yeah. It makes no sense and I think like there's a theory kind of behind. Why what he does, which is that he did actually have some classified information about secret stuff that was going on there, not aliens just he knew some stuff about that's something else that was happening there. So they were testing like some weapon, proton beam or something, and when he, when he gave it up this crazy story out to people they the powers that be thought. It was better for him to keep giving out this crazy story rather than giving the truth of what's actually going on there hmm, so they figured like you know as long as he's just saying this stuff, that's fine! We don't had to do anything. So that's a deeper conspiracy that suggests that he's colluded with the government yeah. No, it's not really conspiracy, it's just they're, leaving him alone because yeah, because it's they don't want to have to take more drastic action. Okay, yeah I love the I love the the MIT Caltech story, yeah. That seems so obvious to be able to check that stuff. Just don't even live out. Your education just say: I'm self-taught yeah, which essentially he was you know he was- is a smart guy he's a smart guy. You got Peters physics, he does chemistry, he runs. You know a store where you can buy all kinds of weird chemicals, there's other way stuff in his past, like he once installed, plus circuit TV system in a brothel, and he got got arrested for some kind of thing. Related to this there's brothel and divider right, yeah I read about that. He was uh he's associated with the broth. Oh yeah people put that mistakes in the past, but he prefers people to look at this imaginary tenure at MIT and Caltech. He also claims that he read briefing documents describing the historical involvement with earth for the past ten thousand years by extraterrestrial beings called grey aliens. These aliens are from a planet orbiting the twin binary star system, Zeta Reticuli, more, like a Zeta ridiculous. Have you heard that before yes, I have that's probably a ridiculous ridiculous reticle with its ret particular yeah? Yes, that's I, think that actually comes from an earlier UFO stories. Mm I think thank you, I'm, not entirely sure, where I think he was Barney and Betty hill with these famous UFO abductees and they claim that the aliens had talked to them and they said they came from Zeta reticulan, and so he would have heard this so he's. Picking up this same thing. There is something that would have been going around in UFO circles yeah. This is this is the place where the gray aliens come from. So everyone get your stories straight when you need to talk to people right yeah. So what do you think goes on in area 51, then? If anything I think they test advanced weapons and stuff like in Des Plaines they a lot of the stuff isn't just simply like building planes is building the systems and the weapons that go on the planes stole like why. Why would you need you know thousands of miles of empty acreage of desert in case you plane, crushes plane, crash weapon test, yeah, there's a whole bunch of different sites out there, there's the sites about testing munitions and things and ranges where they shoot things. If you're gonna do stuff, like you know, shoot a rocket up, you wouldn't, first of all, you you want to have you wouldn't have a buffer zone? You know people can't stand on the edge outside the fence and a stepladder and take a photo of things right. So you got to have miles and miles around you that just keep you from everywhere else right and you want to have lots of options for doing various things like different terrain and whatnot. So this is something that was recently did this morning by the Air Force, like they had recently unveiled that they were spending twenty two million dollars in investigating UFOs, because it was happening quite frequently that members of the Air Force we're seeing unidentified objects, moving and really inexplicable ways. For example, this video, the New York Times speaking with five Navy pilots, who've all said they've encountered UFOs during training missions up and down the East Coast the pilots, even noting that the objects were accelerating to hypersonic speed, making sudden stops and instantaneous turns something beyond the physical limits of a human crew. We submit a safety report saying that there was a object in our working space. We don't know what to do this. On the eve of a new History Channel series called unidentified insiders turn into an ad yeah that video there is called the gimbal video and that video and the other two videos there you've seen their stuff that I've done a lot of work on analyze. Those so tell me what do you think about it on that video? There is almost certainly an infrared layer when a plane gets very far away. The glare from the engine can get so big that it's actually bigger than the plane itself in terms of just what it looks like on camera, you can imagine, like you know, a very bright light on camera. Just you can let out, and it looks bigger than the actual object itself, like someone's holding a flashlight at night, mm-hmm flashlights, pretty small, but you see this bright light around it right, that's viewing something in infrared and it's black hot. So it's actually inverted. It would normally be like a Hawaii white thing there and what's happening. Is the internal optics of the camera is what's making it rotate? It's kind of complicated to explain. I could like a bunch of it. Yes, it's firing. I think would be hard to dissuade anyone with that, because it's so complex, but also when I'm thinking is like. Obviously the Air Force would understand that. Why would they release it and and fuel? They didn't exactly release it. The Air Force didn't release it. It was one guy Louis Elizondo who now works for the to the Stars Academy, which is Tom DeLonge organization why'd. You left in because I know about Tom, DeLonge whole thing and he's he's crazy. Yeah yeah unda long is, like believes, really passionately that there is alien visitors out there and that by wait he's a senator or something right, Tom DeLonge. No, it was a former frontman for blink-182, okay as credible as it gets because I know there was a I had been reading that there was a member of Congress that was responsible for this twenty two million dollar Harry Reid yeah Harry Reid, the senator from Nevada Reid yeah. It is you know the leader of whatever he was wasn't it wasn't. It speculated be somewhat of a corrupt thing because he was yeah. The the money went to essentially rob Bigelow Bigelow airspace. Bigelow has got contract with NASA to make inflatable habitats for the space station. So it's a real legit person, but he also has a very strong interest in UFOs and things, and he can I share this interest with with Harry Reid who's, his friend, hmm and so Harry Reid set this thing up and Bigelow became the recipient of a lot of this stuff and a lot some of it yeah like reporting, UFOs and start setting up a database and also just giving back twenty two million dollars to your friend yeah. Well, your friends company is something that I would encourage people to look into the I'm, not gonna. Like you know, point any fingers without knowing his health, he went on I, think yeah. They it was a proper contract, it was awarded to Bigelow and it's just a standard type of government pork. Essentially here somebody got something for their friend happens. All the time like you get a bridge built in your hometown or whatever it doesn't necessarily mean it's super corrupt. It's just just corruption, light the normal type of corruption that we have in America. We have a good tolerance, yeah the pork system in America. When I see add things on. It was twenty two million over five years. It ran for those five years. They never really found anything of any interest, and so the program was shut down, but this one guy, Lewis Elizondo he's, saw him briefly there. He continued to be really interested in the topic and he claims he was still working on it and he claims the the operation was still going on, but he eventually left and as he was leaving, he made a request that three videos that he knew of these three famous videos gimbal and two of those be declassified interest because he wanted to use them for Tom DeLong's organization. So he would be the back and forth. He got them Declassified the Navy didn't release them as stuff. They just looked at them and said: yeah, that's nothing! You can have that and gave it to him, and then they presented as being this amazing UFO videos when they all have quite reasonable explanations. There's another one called go-fast, which looks like a UFO scheming, really really fast over the surface of the ocean. The good thing about that video is, you have all the all the numbers on the screen, so you can figure out the angles at the camera and you can do a bit of trigonometry and you can figure out exactly where this object is in space and it turns out it's not over. The water and it's not actually moving really really fast. It's probably something like a balloon or a bird there's, actually hovering around 10,000 feet and because the plane is flying past it, the parallax makes it look like it's moving really really fast, as the camera is constantly pointing at it and turning around. So these things have explanations, but that's not what not on the long one, not that fun of an explanation. Yeah. What did you just send me? Oh I, believe it's the video he's referring to yeah yeah, let's [ __ ]. Let's show it for reference, that's extremely compelling yeah. It looks like it's something. That's look at that moving really really fast. You got to remember the jet itself. This isn't shot from a helicopter. This is shot from a jet. That's moving Mac point six! You! It looked like the planes - doing a hundred fifty-four knots like calibrated sphere, which is about 300 dots over 300 miles an hour 350. So it's focused on this thing, which is floating around 10,000 feet up in the air and there's the ocean way beyond it. So it looks like that's a problem. Yeah for someone who's completely unequipped to understand what they're looking at yeah like myself, you know just I, just I would just think the camera is not even moving you do from the numbers like earlier on. There was, you could see that it was I, think it was tilted down to a certain angle and then, when there was a range, we tells you how far away it is. So it's tilted down at this angle. Is this far away very, very simple, triggered on just like here. The sine of the angle. Multiplied by this gives you how far away it actually is or how high it is. So you can, you know, work it out. At high school high school student could have worked out what it was, but the to the Stars Academy Tom DeLonge. They didn't work out, they didn't do the math yeah and they kept this. Carry on to this day, yeah, claiming that it's at sea level, when you can just do the math and it's not a sea level. That's incredible! It really looks like the the camera is stationary yeah, yeah and I. Think when you realize that yeah that 2 5 4 in the corner is the speed calibrated airspeed in knots, which is actually less than the actual earth speed, but you realized that and you being viewed from 25,000 feet, its 3.4 nautical miles away and angled down at 22 degrees, so you can just work out from that where it is and he works out at the ground 13,000 feet which is about halfway to the to the ocean. Certainly, these pilots must see stuff like this all the time. If it's just like a bird or other video and because I remember, we talked about it when it came out like we read the article and it said that they reported that they would see it multiple times a day that they're seeing other things. Their thing is about all these videos is that we don't really. We have all these reports from pilots and they say they say things like lights in the distance or occasionally things zipping by them. And then we have these videos, but we don't have the two together. We don't have a pilot, saying I took a video of this thing and it was doing this stuff, so you've got like the reflecting yeah you've got. This was one pilot saying there was a tic-tac that was like zipping around like this, and then they also show a video of something. That's not doing anything, not it's a different video that you just see this little white dot in the distance and it's not moving at all and they say. Well, you know we got the evidence, but there's no connection between this guy and this video. So we need to get the person who took the video to say what's actually going on and we don't have that and we have explanations for the very interesting stuff. I. Think that's great. Is there any UFO footage that, through the there's so much by now, that's been captured and suppose it evidence? If you ever seen anything that you found inexplicable or no tiling and a night? Well, there's two different things: the inexplicable and compelling yeah. You don't generally see those two things together right. You see inexplicable things all the time you see a little white dot up in the up in the sky, and you can't explain what it is exactly. You can come up with some hypotheses as to one it might be, it might be a plane or it might be a blimp or it might be a balloon or it might be a bird or might be a cloud. It might be a little bit of lint, that's very close to you or some kind of seed or something that's very close to you. You could be having a temporary or like brain storm or something and your visual systems messed up, there's all kinds of things that things might be mm-hmm, but the often you can't figure out what it is. So the fact that we have UFO videos that are not identified is is going to be a given. Ufos exists at the boundary between identifiable and not you know, identifiable so they're, just a little bit beyond. If we could zoom in on the things you can identify them, hmm. So, as camera technology has improved recently, UFOs tend to get further and further away. Now we used to get photos of UFOs which were just like hovering over people's houses. Now we get ones that are like hovering over and it by mountain, because we've got these super zoom cameras that can zoom we're not all the way we're we're all carrying around like high-definition 4k cameras enough, so the boundary at which UFOs exist that somehow shifted further and further away as camera technology has improved, because we're able to now to identify all these things that are close if I'd supposed to take something where photo with my iPhone is such high resolution you can, you can tell what things are was when people were taking pictures with the Kodak Instamatic. It wishes this blurry little blob. Yeah. Do you think there's a problem like with the theory of aliens visiting the earth to begin with yeah? Is that a plausible theory at all it? It's a possible theory. I wouldn't call it a plausible theory. You gotta look at, like you know the evidence for the existence of aliens to start off with there's complete radio silence throughout the the entire nearby galaxy. We don't have any signals coming in from people that we can even point as being slightly alien, like I'm, actually having a guest on my podcast next week or the sets Shostak. It was the head of SETI mm-hmm, the search, restoration, really intelligence and he'll tell you they haven't really had any good candidates signals the occasion to get excited about something, and then they figure out. It was just the microwave down the hall, but but yeah that there hasn't been any indication that there are any aliens who use radios to communicate nearby in or- and you think that these stars- the light-years away, so that radios way to take quite a while to get here, and so we've got kind of like snapshots of history at various distances away, and none of them have civilizations, and we didn't know like how long will the civilization last for mm-hmm if a civilization was actually very, very good, and you know at surviving, they would actually populate the galaxy relatively quickly because they other send ships to nearby stars and populate all those things. So you would expect to see a lot of it. A lot. The bacteria yeah yeah, like stars everywhere, being turned into Dyson spheres, which are where they need all the energy to right to power things quite depressing yeah. We don't see, we don't see anything. It feels like we're in this dead galaxy a lot. How far away can we tell? Can we see I guess visible light right, yeah yeah? We can see the stars, so we could see if there was some kind of large structure around the star. There was recently an interesting thing where they found this star that had this kind of it was variable in a way that made them think it was something like a Dyson Sphere going around the star with holes in it. So the star would shine out now on that I think that turned out to be. You know something something else for that: one yeah baby. So yeah, it's like that's, that's the one. That's the one thing that's going and he was probably like you know a hundred million light years away right. Do you ever run out of conspiracies like there's always something new coming along, and he said often like the the events themselves will create conspiracies. Like yeah, we got yep scene, but even things like the Hurricanes, there's always gonna be people making theories that the hurricane was steers. The political reasons that came was steered yeah. That would be an incredible power to yield. Yeah yeah I would think it would probably use it for good if they could do well yeah. We can actually get you know, cyclones in New Mexico, which in theory can't do I, do occasionally have to get up to LA like once, every hundred years, or so you get like a super storm here, which is yeah, essentially a hurricane. So how is it? How is it that they explained that the government can control the trajectory of a hurricane yeah? There's a variety of things, but the most popular thing is this thing called HAARP H AARP yeah, which is this big radio transmitter in Alaska which doesn't do anything of the sort. It's it's kind of a space radio thing in that it will heat up a layer of the atmosphere called the ionosphere which is about 200 miles up, and it can just heat this up pretty much directly over this one station in Alaska, and it does pretty much nothing it's kind of like you know, you're tossing some dye into a river or something he makes it. But for what purpose does it heat it up? The creates that is studying at it's there's, there's no rain. Coming from ionosphere I, all the weather that happens in in the planet happens in the bottom, like 10 miles or so. I've got a picture of this facility. You're talking above above 10 miles, there isn't really any weather and way up in the ionosphere is essentially in space. There's really nothing. There is just just a few light loose electrons and things has been around so they're able to heat it up from here, though yeah it's kind of like a you know like a microwave and it's it's tuned in a way when it resonates with the angle of the magnetic field of the earth, so they do better. This is able to control a hurricane in Florida, yes, that they think they're also other ones as well like this measured on a ship as well. Yes, and why are we trying to - why we're trying to do a submerge Florida, but why they're doing this is they're trying to study radio communications? Basically, even you can bounce things off the ionosphere to get around the curve of the earth. Earth is actually curved, and so, by studying the ionosphere, you can figure out how to actually do that Bess mmm, so they artificially like to bitly it wobble up and down and heat it up, and it's pretty interesting, yeah yeah it's by itself. It's interesting enough. Uh, top-secret research around it as well. They they were using it for communications with submarines, the I don't think it really works, but they use submarines underwater. You can communicate them with very, very, very long wave radio waves, like wavelengths of hundreds of feet miles even can penetrate through the water, and they do it often by having these very, very long antennas on the ground like the tens of miles long, but they thought they could also do it by wobbling their hair on the sphere, to a certain degree, to create some kind of radio wave off there, which would then be able to communicate with it's a bunch of like secret research and speculative stuff. It's mostly hard science, though it's people just studying the ionosphere like astronomers study stars just how it works right. Well, we're coming up on two hours, so I'm gonna, skip to the end. I've got I got some other stuff, but these are. These are what I refer to as like fringe conspiracies. These are. These are really deep level, stuff and I think stuff that you could even say have a real and harmful effect on society. So I'm gonna give you some off the top of my head. If you have an opinion or a comment about them, I'm also curious what your opinion is like the most nefarious, the most harmful conspiracy theory generally speaking, I. Well, the one that causes the most harm to people is the theory that vaccines cause autism right and that's people and vaccines in general are harmful. So people don't take vaccines and gaile everybody. It's people, people people died right, I mean I'm I'm. Reading that the lack of people vaccinating theirs now jeopardizing people that cannot vaccinate their yes, that exists. If you cut only exists because so many people are vaccinated, like people with immune problems, community problems who can't get vaccines, they're safe, because everyone's vaccinated now that less people are getting vaccinated, other people's children are starting to to get these rare and otherwise thought to be a. You know: extinguished, yeah, these eases yeah, some people are, they can't be vaccinated because they actually have immune system problems. That said, the vaccines don't work with them. What the vaccines would kill them mmm, and so they do rely on this thing called herd immunity where, if, like ninety five percent of people are vaccinated around them, the chances of them coming into contact with someone with the disease is very, very low, so they're pretty safe yeah. But if you take away that hood immunity and you start getting down to like sixty percent, then you're gonna bump into people who are ill and then what happened everyone is like. Have you ever been able to flip an anti-vaxxer I didn't really talk to anti-vaxxers, not because I don't want to it's. Just I tend to deal with topics that are more. You know obscure, like chemtrails 9/11 forest fires. Things like that, like the more unusual things, there's lots of very good people working on anti vaccine yeah, so I'm gonna leave it to them. So I've got anti vex I got queuing on q and on he went on is that is, is the theory that there's someone deep inside the government yeah that is leaking information that basically everyone in power is a deep conspiracy. A pedophilia ring yeah yeah. They think that the the government is run by corrupt elites that sacrifices children, partly so it can harvest their adrenal glands. Oh because it's this thing adrenochrome, which makes them like Forever Young, oh wow thing the adrenal glands secrete, so they torture, children, which makes more adrenochrome and then take out the adrenochrome and then throw away the children, and then they inject themselves and they live forever. Well, you know I. Imagine actually believing that I mean how horrific of a thing to think is going on around here, and they think you know this Q person, apparently, is this secret person within the government. A lot of people think it's actually Donald Trump right doing this Q and on stuff, but he's not these day. He just joined the coach said, though the cueing on people all they're, all big fans of Donald Trump. They all think he is basically the savior right either. He is running this qa9 thing as this secret operation or the military is doing a kind of a coup by instant they they got him elected, and then they using all this, this flimsy military, the good yeah, it's military of the good guys I said Trump is the puppet. But how can Donald Trump be deep state like I said? What's the explanation for that, because he's only been president now for what three years almost he's, not deep straight I. Think he's like somebody, a super talented guy that they the military recruited as that person. They saw him on the apprentice and they saw how good he was on the apprentice and they figured he'd be a really good guy to be cueing on and give clues to people on eight channels. What is it that there's always got to be a thread right? Some some some touch of reality to get people mm-hmm. What is it and that one morning, q and on them that's right, a reality I think they just don't want to think that Donald Trump is who he actually appears to be right. There were such big fans of me at Donald Trump, and they were kind of disappointed when he just turned out to be this guy, who tweets a lot of nonsense all the time, and so they wanted there to be this fantasy, nothing, there's yeah, there's! Obviously, there's people in government doing things that aren't you know on the surface visible? How serious are these people a lot of these especially kind of Donald Trump right-wing, because there seems to not really believe it yeah it's hard to tell some. Some people seem very, very serious, yeah yeah. You think that they don't because it's so ridiculous, but then you think that about flutter of people and you find people do actually do the earth is flat. So people do actually believe this cue and answer and a lot of them I think the cueing on people. They don't really understand the extent of the ridiculousness over there. Hmm. They just think that there's there's something going on that. The Muller investigation was a cover for a different investigation, which maybe makes a bit of sense. But now the mother investigation is over and nothing really happened. 8Chan has actually been shut down now, mmm, so Q can't can't keep his messages out anymore, so I think Q and on is essentially over and in the form it was in I say it will no doubt he'll find it. No. The echoes of it I mean that's route to a future, but it's something that's ended. Pizza gate is another one that was a similar favorite of the right. Now my take on pizza gate was was this I mean I have talked about the Catholic, Church, prolific, child abuse and I. Think to myself. These are conservative. People I mean who are accusing democratic way, is about them. Democratic members of government here molesting and raping children in the basement of this pizza store. Yet, on the other hand, I'm thinking well, the Catholic Church is one of the most prolific enablers of child abuse, and yet they don't seem to level much criticism. There I find that to be a little bit uneven, yeah, yeah, well, I. Guess, like the everyone's fully aware of the Catholic Church stuff now and it's gonna be out in the open, so you criticize the Pope, for you know, he's he's stood up against the things so I don't know. If that's a good analogy, because they're they're saying there's this secret thing going on where these people are secretly doing this, and it's actively going on right now in in the basement of kamek, kamek ping, pong I think our comic pizza in DC. We doesn't actually have a basement right as the guy found out when he tried weapon yeah to rescue all the Kurds and there's no peace. He shot into a room when he ended up just using a computer or something, and it was in there in there he could have killed someone. Of course. This is where thirst can be harmful. People take them so seriously, but they get a gun and go someone absolutely and why shouldn't they? If they truly believe that right, yeah, that's the part he was trying to rescue children, he was trying to do better in time. Yeah there's a wonderful good guy, but he got it completely wrong yeah and they shouldn't do tonight. Yeah Sandy Hook, one of the most probably nefarious conspiracy theories of all tons of children were murdered by a psycho. Yet there was a large populace of people that thought it was all a fake to enable gun gun laws. Is that right, yeah, which apparently didn't work now anyway? Nobody wanted to do it anyway. Whenever something like this happens, people buy more guns. Yeah, you could say, like the NRA is behind it, because what happens is the gun? Legislation does not change and people buy a lot more guns, and so there's more guns out there and makes it harder for them to take away all the guns. Yeah these these mixed answer theories. Don't ever make sense. You see it every time. There's a shooting yeah see every time, there's no actual meaningful change done to the legislation. So I don't really get that theory. Yeah and I see people like Shane Dawson like talked about that and yeah it was it was. He was repeating some of the stuff that people put around, but he brought up some stuff on our podcast, like the dad laughing yeah and I. Just really don't it's ridiculous that guys called Robbie Parker. The guy he's referring to and remember. These are people who, let's just give them the benefit of the doubt, have had their children perfectly murdered yeah a few days ago. He was it was his daughter's funeral and he was gonna speak, but before he got to the microphone he was talking to some really and he laughed so you see him laughing and then he comes to the microphone in his all serious. But to me that seems like a perfectly understandable thing: you go to a funeral and we've all been to funerals like people, people do to chat and they laugh yeah. You just spend you get taken out of your head for a moment and things feel like they're normal, and so you just talk and you make a joke or whatever and you're laugh yeah and then you know you've got to go and stand in front of a microphone and talk about your dead daughter. Certainly that that is an extraordinary claim. Support is simply by dude laughing yeah I mean it's ridiculous, like you really I feel like. In that case, you have to think maybe of the consequence of making claims like that, because I've heard that some of the Sandy Hook parents have been harassed so so um relentlessly that they've had to move around, they had to change their identity. I mean come on yeah, the people have been, they go up to them and accuse them of being actors. You imagine and shout about their dead children like show me the Shelby, the death certificate, no shout at them for the dead children, then imagine you're in grieving for your dead child and you don't even get you don't even get to have that yeah. This is pretty bad and that's one of the hardest conspiracies for me to deal with I originally didn't even want to talk about it, because it was just these complete, [, __ ] making. It is ridiculous, really hurtful conspiracies about people, something that made me write more about. It was the Boston Marathon bombing, because my father-in-law was actually in the Boston Marathon at the time and he was just behind where the bomb went off. It was actually fairly close well to the to the finish line at the time, so he could have actually been involved in it. So I kind of felt like a bit of a personal connection with that, and then people started saying the entire thing was fake and that there was fake blood and they use amputees and they whipped the legs off and, yes, miss bit burn over over them. It was just such a ridiculous thing and I know what was the I don't know what could have been killed sure you had yeah well what? What is the explanation for again it wire wire? Why is someone faking the attack? Ah, what end I don't know what the Boston Marathon bombing thing at, especially because there were two Muslim guys who did it, so it's trying to stoke up anti-muslim sentiment, justify Wars and things like that from maps. You can always come up with some reason: yeah there's some kind of justification under your conspiracy theory right chemtrails is one. You know. I started looking at the chemtrails recently because in preparation for this mm-hmm and I didn't realize that it was actually just referring to the condensation trail behind clients. Yeah, gracious and I was just flabbergasted. You know, and I'm trying to I was trying to put myself into their shoes, I think in LA, where I've lived most of my life, the condensation dissipates quicker, possibly because that may be. Where other, where people live, it stays for longer and I've. Seen images of skies where there's just tons so I can see them made it being more alarmed by every time they look in the sky. It's just airplane lines. Yeah the patterns do vary a lot by location like here in LA, we're very close to LAX, obviously and Burbank, so the most of the air traffic we see is actually fairly low. It's like planes landing mmm. You don't get that much over flights, whereas if you look at somewhere like in the middle of the country, you're in a big route between LA and New, York in and then Florida and Seattle, and as this crossroads in the in the middle of the country and there's these crossroads everywhere, it's not just in the middle of the country, yeah! Well, you get all these high flying planes. People say, like you know: I, don't leave anywhere near an airport and you know see all these contrails. That's what you see most of the contrails, not near an airport, so people just don't understand like what they're seeing yeah and I think, because when I see people talking about it, they say like I see this in that in the sky more and more, and it freaks me out I think I'm not but I think I've never seen a sky like they have to not that I'm. Not that not that it's happening but trying to put all right sure you, you yeah, you personally wouldn't have liked living here. You don't see that you occasionally like some of the biggest contrails you get in LA are actually flights from Hawaii made flying in and over the country of life flying over Haddie's and but they a lot of them are just like fairly small planes. I mean like here, for example. If this is what your sky looked like all the time, that's certainly something I would think a lot more about yeah and I. Do here in in LA, I mean I, don't think! That's Kim chilling! That's just a cloud but yeah yeah. There's a lot going on here. I love! Those by the way, they're, very cool they're, very I, mean the only ones I really fear from like the air force, really crazy ones, yeah the ones that go round in circles. You actually see planes leaving circular contrails I've seen them here like over Catalina Island Raytheon does test flights over there sometimes and they fly around in these big oval shapes the occasion and you'll see what looks like these worried words suspicious contrails like over over the ocean and people will put photos of them up, but you know that we know what the plane is. You can actually look up the plane a lot of times. You can use your phone there's this apps, you can get for your phone like flightradar24. You can just install that and then you just look it at the sky and it overlays what the planes are actually are on your phone, so you can figure out very easily that it's just a regular passenger plane right from A to B yeah and that one really shocked the hell out of me, because I feel, like it's pretty easily explainable, that the fuel leaves off water you're high up in the atmosphere. It's probably freezing right like what stuff yeah yeah it's there above 30,000 feet. So the temperature is is like minus 40 degrees, yeah and the exhaust. Basically it it freezes is a bit more complicated, actually condenses out into tiny water droplets, and then the water droplets freeze, mm-hm, but that's what's happening. It's just creating a cloud no and B. It is exactly the same, basically as a cloud you're referring to don't maybe yeah. That's my site, control science comm! That's my other side, but also the the premise that that could you, even from that high up like drop a meaningful amount of chemicals, actually there's a it's kind of a proof of chemtrails, not existing, which is a little complicated, but you basically figure out how much a cloud weighs and clouds have a certain mass per per unit volume so, like so a cubic meter of a cloud weighs so much like, say, like you know, one gram or something of water and you figure out how big is this contrail if you've got a controller, goes from Horizon to Horizon? That's like 100 miles long mm-hmm and it's it's gonna, be like a mile wide and like a fifth of a mile deep, and so you multiply all those things together and it gives you the volume. Then you multiply that by the the mass of a cloud per unit volume. It tells you the mass of material that would be required to make that contrail and it ends up being way way way more than the mass of a fully loaded plane. There's no way you could actually make them that type of visible cloud when spraying stuff out of the back yeah. The only way you can make it is by essentially triggering cloud formation which then grows mmm so interested the air. Where is what they call ice, supersaturated mmm, which means like clouds, generally don't form, but if a cloud is created, it's gonna stay there because there's it's about this ice super saturation level, where the ice persists. So when you trigger the formation of a contrail, it's it will actually grow and more ice, so it gets layered onto these ice crystals and thicker and thicker, and eventually it becomes this thing: that's over a thousand times more water in it. Well then, what came out of the ply interesting, oh cool, so you would need a very big plan. Yeah, it's basically impossible yeah, you couldn't you couldn't do it at all, because the plane wouldn't be able to fly and- and why would you don't need it because it makes it anyway she's making? Well, if you had brain control chemicals, you would probably just put it in the water supply. Well, the theory is they're using it to change the the climate. That's that's a popular theory. The whole yeah brain control thing is kind of mine is arranged okay, so why are they? So? Why are we changing the climate because it's too hot it's too hot? Well, that seems like a good thing. What's the big secret yeah I'm not sure it's like they because they're doing it secretly, apparently this covert geoengineering some people think that they're actually heating up the planet. It's a fake, global warming. Okay, some people think that they're trying to cool down the planet to fix global warming, maybe they're doing both and that's why we're not saying contrails do actually during the day they will cool down the planet yeah night. They warm it up because they act as an insulating blanket, so only the effect of that on average on average. No, it's actually not it's actually significant and it's one of the things that they, the IPCC the international planet, planet Panel on Climate, Change, they're, actually concerned about this. It's a little chunk of the factors that are raising the temperature Wow yeah. So that's something that they're looking into trying to have more contrails during the day and less contrail night as a way of actually helping that's fascinating, yeah, there's the there's one other one that I'm seeing actually was suggested to us that the government has a cure for cancer and AIDS etc. It already exists, but it isn't made public because they're they want people to die or just too much money to be made in curing chronic diseases yeah. Well, obviously, there's can't be any evidence. No there's there actually there's those patents patented cures for cancer. If you go to Google and search for patents, you will find things and there's a famous woman, there's a number that they give and they look at a pattern, something something something other and it's got this this cure for cancer or is actually its cure for AIDS. But it's kind of this magic thing where little magic beams, zap your cancer molecules and I did a I did a whole piece on it on on Medibank. But people think that they have these cures for cancer. There's really no evidence whatsoever. This cures exists. Patents don't mean something works. A pattern means so many had an idea, yeah and, and they there is the ideas if it worked. It would be great, but there's no actual evidence that this this thing work and if you read the patterns, it's just completely ridiculous and if you know anything about cancer, you know that there are all different diseases that will require a different yeah and yeah. The idea that people would suppress a cure for cancer just to make it better. That's everybody, I mean cancer is horrible horrible, but how many people are involved in researching and finding a cure for cancer and then collectively deciding to hide it? And it's not just in people I have this perspective, I, think of America, but really good thing at the entire world. You know scientists around the entire world searching for cures for cancer and then or all they're, not all conspiring to hide it they're actually looking for the Cure and if it was there that they would, they would tell people about it and win the Nobel Peace Prize. It would be the best thing ever if they manicure for cows. Oh I know yeah, that's I think that's important to think when you, when you think of these conspiratorial individuals, that they really living in a dark paranoid off world yeah, that's uh, yeah, and that's probably why I try to help them, bring people out of that and they can see the lights to a degree. They can improve their lives, so I have one well. One final question: then: before we go, is you know many many people report on the existence of ghosts and supernatural beings? One I'm, not a believer personally, but one segment we do on this. Podcast is we'll ask our guests: you have any guff stores or supernormal experiences and you'll find that a lot of people, big big percentage of people, do have a story, a story or incident, and they are strong believers in ghosts or UFOs or something- and these are. These are people that are trustworthy, people who that we know- and they give they give earnest anecdotes of encountering something supernatural like that. So how do we explain away this collective and earnest anecdotes of people that we trust? Well, these are people who had an experience that they can't explain and so for them it's not too much of a reach for them to say, like you know, I had this experience like I talked to God or whatever or I saw a ghost, and this happens to me and to them it's very, very real. My I've had experiences which convinced me at the time that I I had supernatural powers I when I was younger, I I guess two numbers in a school raffle, one after the other and for years afterwards, I was convinced that I had did that, but I actually like gave these numbers out so I think it's very easy for someone to have an experience not be able to understand exactly what happened and then just accept that there's. You know some other explanation. Some kind of you know possibly supernatural explanation, and then they just go with that and then it just becomes part of who they are. Oh yeah, tell you tell you tell you really all this ghost I don't know what it was. But I saw this thing. I I have had experiences where I've had hallucinations at night. My wife and I both have the same hallucination of spider coming down from the ceiling mmm, these giant spiders coming down and like landing on the bed next to you and scurrying around and I could totally see. If someone didn't understand that was just this thing called that thing is a hypnagogic illusion. It's is this thing that just happens when you're falling asleep. Sometimes you see pranks sure if you didn't understand that- and you saw something that particularly meaningful to you- it's very very easy to think that that was some kind of mystical thing and you guys think a lot of people are religious as well. A lot of people believe in God, which is essentially a supernatural belief. So it's a very, very short step from believing in like God to believing in say, angels or spirits. Definitely what the ghosts in the end the religion yeah, because you believe that there is some kind of afterlife. It actually is. Probably the closest thing they'll find to verifiable evidence to support their beliefs yeah. So it could be something that they view is a good thing, because his evidence that the faith is correct, I was kind of surprised when my dad passed away. How old a lot of people in his family were saying. Like you know, four he's still here, he can hear what you're saying and like in the first year, he's still gonna be here and only then they go, and they all really believe that that he's he's listening over them mm-hmm is that, like I'm trying to get wrap my head around this is really is this like a paranoid thing like don't say anything, he'll hear you, they say it is like a wholesome yeah yeah when you're missing him or during and like after he passed away. When people talk about him, you know they're, like you still with us, mm-hmm yeah, very religious people, yeah my comforts people yeah nice to think that cuz, you know when someone dies, it's very hard, that's just it yeah. Finally, what can we do as individuals as people to protect ourselves from conspiratorial thinking? You need to have an open, mind and I think a lot of people who believe in conspiracy theories think that they have a right because they're very open to these. Also, do you tell the difference if we're not open, mind and a conspiratorial open, mind yeah, a few Arkham as if you were a conspiratorial open mind that means you're, basically rejecting everything on the other side and you're only listening to one side, you've really got to watch out for, if you're, just getting your information from one source. Sure, maybe you don't trust other sources. Maybe you don't trust the mainstream media, but you've got to at least look at them. So you know what the other side of the story is. Don't just look at. You know Alex Jones or whatever it is that you're. Looking at look at you know Snopes. Even if you think Snopes is government, disinformation read what it says check it for yourself. Look at the Wikipedia articles. All the wicked PD articles they've got references. You can go for this references. You can check them for yourself if you're doing a search for something, don't just search for things that confirm it, search for things that try to debunk it on things that try to explain it and give those ago look at them, don't you don't have to believe them from the start, but you can at least look at them, be aware of all sides of the argument, so you can make an informed decision rather than just listening to one side of the argument. Hmm there you have it that's fair enough, mm-hmm! Well, that was a great conversation I. Thank you so much for coming here. Thank you. I really enjoyed that me too yeah once again, guys check out Mick's book escaping the rabbit hole on Amazon and, of course, his podcast tales from the rabbit hole. We've got websites that we've just found on Google Image Search, mr. bunk medibang com, yeah I'm, drilling on trails, which is dedicated to chemtrails yep and controls and contrails yeah awesome. Well, thank you guys. So much for joining us I had a lot of fun. Will we're back on Friday as usual, the Gatsby is arriving tomorrow, which is a mobility scooter. We bought oh yeah, oh I'm, very excited, so we have a lot to look forward to on Friday anyway, guys hope you have a great week we'll see you then Tata thanks for watching [Music].