-, hello powers start get it rocket, it's the a3 pocket. Is your boy Ethan Klein, the Entertainer I'm here to entertain it's my calling and life to sit here before you and to explain things in a way. That's both funny and easy to understand. With me as my coat. Is that not my calling in life? Why do you make that face? You know you wear it for you to say that about yourself. No, what did have that calling in life what you say it about me: I, don't know: okay, well, somebody's got to say it, and if it's not you, then it's gonna. Be me it's my call in the streets. The streets are saying it. That's how you'd say it because then you don't look like a dick. The streets are saying it. Thank you to Brook, linen and kaptara for sponsoring this action-packed episode of the HP podcast. Let's just get right into it, as you guys know, we had a blockbuster episode last week with Trisha Paytas that the streets are talking about and they are. We had a. What were you thought international streets? You know I had a couple messages from people in Israel mmm that I've never spoken to justify I went to school it would they say: I didn't really read the full message. I just thought a little short you've changed you're such a big shot down. Well, I haven't spoken to this person. Did you not want them to see that it was much yeah yeah? Do you think they're watching right now, I don't know, do I know who they are. Do I know this? No okay! No! You have no idea. [ __ ] them well. They said that it was a great episode. Well, that's very kind of them. I also got some kudos Trisha. You know she's just she's such an entertaining person she's a little wild, a little crazy I liked when she insisted that we were Hasidic Jews, but they had it. It spawned a lot of memes on our subreddit, so I wanted to go over some of the memes and guys please keep the h3 memes coming, because it's so much fun and I want to keep going over these every week because you guys are producing so here we go. She said. Oh, this is a very popular meme format, yeah and nowadays, congratulations. Thank you. I used to swallow a goldfish as a kid and then you say huh not much to it really, but there you have it when you, when you invite Trisha to squash the beef, but she instead hits on your husband. Now. How did you feel about her hitting on me because she did do that? Not cool I was watching one of these tea spill channels. That was doing like a summary of the podcast, and they said that it was a long theorized thesis that she was into me even before she said that people thought that she was into me. According to the team people that felt. That part felt to me a little bit like she was just trying to so you're. Taking this away from me that someone would be attracted to me other than you no but I wouldn't give her I, don't think it was that planned out. Mm-Hmm! So do you, but do you think that she wants me or no I, think she has like ten different Tricia's inside and one of them? Probably one of them wants me yeah, that's! Actually a fair explanation. I was trying to get like defensive that you would that you would dare think that another girl wouldn't want me, but that explanation, I can't even argue with yeah. Well, she said: I was a ten I was like no one. Ever the highest rating I've ever got was like a six on my best day when I was doing water. Polo mm-hm, so I got like a six and I was like oh girl. What are you doing later now? I'm, probably yet, like I'm, probably like a three these days with the fat, would the choppiness going on I saw you're not at 3 with the fatness. If I get my [ __ ] together, I think I can max out it at 6. You could max out higher what do you think I max at 8? Really yeah, that's sweet agent, really I. The thing is: if I got my [ __ ] together and I was single. This hypothetical. Doesn't it falls apart because I'm only having money because of my partnership with you, but let's just say in a parallel universe, that I was successful. Okay and I had my [ __ ], together physically yeah I, could maybe see myself being at eight at highest, but I feel like the success factor, definitely gives a lot of extra points. Oh yeah, you know I wasn't including this excel. If you were single right now, without losing money, hey losing weight without losing weight same successful, you could have probably a different girl every weekend because it's done raising. Are you a horse dad? No, not having your the weekend? Do you think, for example, I could pull like a supermodel? Yes, thank you. Well, I've already got a supermodel already pulled one. So that's exciting, but it's weird well the success. Success, affection, yeah come on. It's weird! Well, there's so there's a wealth factor and then, on top of that, there's like a Fame factor, yeah, so I'm not super high on the Fame totem pole, but like if I figure, if I was a little girl, people start seeing like Oh Ethan. Let me get a picture then, all of a sudden these girls are like. Is it just me or is it uh? Is there a waterfall of my pants? Why is it just me yeah, but once they see my penis, then I go back down to a3. You know you know these little hooks you put in the wall to like hang pictures they're like tiny little hook that you drill into the wall and then you like, hang stuff on it. Okay, that's what my penis looks like it's like a little crescent moon. How would you know okay, fair enough anyway, let's go these memes Trisha when she said she's, a lesbian and also a game for him. That was a actually a quote that I liked a lot. I said: can you be both a lesbian? Any gay man she's, like yes, I, mean I'm having a hard time following the logic there, but Trisha Paytas I'm born a girl that defines herself as a gay guy, doesn't dress like a guy and doesn't take any gender hormones that [ __ ], guys any normal human being well. That sounds like a being straight with extra steps. That's a good point and the podcast with Trisha at 9:29 we got timestamps and a meme Trisha says that Ethan is a chubby guy, so we can make fun of a chubby guy I'm a chubby girl and I can make fun Trevor girls this this is minutes after she claims she was a trans male. You know, that's a really good point. I saw people mentioning that we fail to fail to pick up on she kept saying. I cannot I cannot make fun of fat girls because I'm a guy, but then she was saying you can't make fun of me: cuz she's, a fat girl but she's a fat guy if she's fat, it's like it's just the logic is so there was no logic to anything. Oh, this was a great I love. The damn with chips, meme dan, is the pizza here and just stand with chips in the back. Well, you know, I was trying to just move it along, but it's fine I mean it. The episode was great. Every minute was great Dan. Are you [, __ ] with me where's, the pizza Dan. Do how do you feel about the chips meme I? Enjoy it yeah, it's good yeah. What was that originally from you? I was eating chips and you got mad at me. Well, we we were all heated up, I, think yelling at you all right everything like. What's then? What do you think a lot of chips here in all kinds of flavors? He doubled down on the chip honestly ILA's high, when Tricia was flirting with Ethan no I, don't frankly get that I understand, so it starred David, but I didn't get that what I mean you know. Why did your I get a start? David well, I! Think it's! It's that it's changing colors, because she's going like super saiyan she's going sicko mode, she's going sick of motive. Our Pete and her eye is the Star of David yeah. I mean that's just that's what happens when Jews get angry right, yeah, oh yeah! It must be feeling when that beak off has seeds had secret Jewish powers. So what the Hassid super secret Jewish power be they'll spray away. Their sweat I was thinking that they can like clean their body without showering that'd be epic. They have like their her seed suits, have like special, washing power secret magic and it washes their body. Hmm. She says: I love that we're on a three-way date right now, ulis a psyche right now. This to me was such a wonderful moment and the I was surprised when I saw this because I didn't realize. First of all, nobody ever stopped me dead in my tracks, eating a slice like that. If there's one the person you've been beefing with for six months, confess her love for you and cause you go ten and ten in front of your wife. Actually I. Think, though, when this really came up was when she said that my eating pizza was turnt was turning her on and in that moment I didn't know what to do. But I can't believe that first of all, I'm proud of you for capturing that in because oh yeah great moment yeah, because sometimes the best moments are, you know, there's who goes without saying anything at all, and it takes a true switchman to know through solid employer, I would say, yeah I know, that's a good point. Ian do you have any uh words of gratitude to me? Yes, thank you. I feel like this is a versatile mean format. To be honest, this is like when she says that when she says that she used people when there was pubic Pizza great this when she says that the cheese is vegan funny hilarious get a lot of people Ethan, you Tricia said you have beef with Dan. We should bring Dan here. We should confront that. You know I wanted to ham up their beef more, but yeah things were going good and frankly, Dan Dan was definitely dodging it. I, don't know how I could have brought it more to light the beef between Dan and Tricia. Cuz Dan has expressed a lot his distaste for Tricia and that he didn't even want her on the show at all. But how do you feel? How do you feel about that now? Knowing that you know it was such a hit? Episode no I I, admit I was wrong. I thought it would be the bad kind of cringe. It turned out to be the good kind of grace. Jimmy Lee cringe is what we're well Jimmy Lee I'm happy to say still holds the title of worst episode. Is she you know that bus? It was so bad that I, we almost consider not even posting it wow that was loud, okay, but that's very much Jimmy Lee Jimmy Lee has been, should I disclose the recent publication, probably not well Jimmy Lee emails me every day, really stay in touch you're awfully thin me I'm awful, oh yeah he'll, my awful playing my video and bye. Oh yeah. This is a choker meme playing my video inviting me on the show. You just want it to make fun of me you're, just like the rest, hey guys, I'm. Sorry, we gotta go on break Dan saved my life now we're getting into some other memes. This goes back to the mayonnaise of Oh. Am I left to talk about this? Ian I mean you could look at the meme. You know! Thank you. So this goes back to Ian eating the meme. This is a constitutional convention. You got the fan, the wild card, the viewers and other contestants is: how are they were writing in the Constitution right? Well- and you know correctly for such for such a technicality, semantics a ian is offering up mayonnaise essentially and accept his offer. This is another great one. This is locked up on a favorite of the Soudan spoken about. Can you a mat like yeah I? Will I can't I mean damn what kind of sick mind put this together? I've done? What is this girl getting her to something? But the way she is sitting and the two ponytails is so I think she has braces on sister being to make her look as young as possible. The guys are, like you know, it's my ultimate fantasy, a twelve-year-old girl getting. Why am I in there? So, let's see Dan Idaho girl really girl, mystery girl, the broken rules of H, three in well everybody's jumping up, yeah I, don't know that should attract [ __ ] in they just wanted the chips in their burn enough. Oh, you know, I'm all the chips in there, which is fair, but my god, why don't you guys watch this actual video and get back to me? Zach you're up for it I feel like this. Video should be illegal. I'm gonna see some ID. This is like dark web [, __, ] yeah. That's what I'm saying black comm is such a sit? It's like you don't know. If that's what that's wrong, we don't know that uh. What else do you think I guarantee you? This is black too calm. Who else would put together such an insomniac shop or my dude? Okay? Did they mess up with the proportions too like? How is the couch so low compared to the guys? It's very. They look like they're, a massive I think well. First of all, they probably are quite big and yeah, probably short, but I think they also got a really low couch to make it look like yeah. They were super tall, but if she stood up on the floor, her face would probably be like. You know, bellybutton level, that guy on the right is huge, he's dicks, probably the size of her goddamn [ __ ], like forearm the rules of broken walls of nobody calls dropouts on pornhub a lot of poor memes. So is this just Dan with a mouth full of Manning? That is not me, I mean adult-film website, colette calm! Oh it's, not black! Sorry, my dude Wow I'm gonna trade, [, __ ]. You Dan I, feel so betrayed that this isn't black comm they're gonna step their [ __ ] up or not. Well, if they're trying to sell black, they better step their [ __ ] up to their audience, I mean I'm, not their audience, but they better step it up. I'm talking huge black [ __ ], with a tiny white little girl and tiny couches to make those size difference. Look more extreme. Do you know what I'm saying no yeah you do this? Is you in thoughts on this there's a lot of memes here? Listen! Let's move along in the intern in the celery employees Winnie the Pooh that this was about the feeding window Cecila. As a farmer and my tastes on a pig. This is her the feeling window at the clock, accurate. It's so awesome accurate. So there you go, who remembers act create! Thank you for submitting the memes everybody. I was a lot of fun. You know, there's spin every time, there's a small gust of wind in LA the whole damn city catches, fire and I woke up what what? What day was this? It was a was it when there was two Monday Sunday yeah I was about. I was just about to fall asleep, I'm up really late, because I was taking care of Theodore just about to fall asleep, and you get these I guess. They're called reverse 9-1-1, but it's like the amber alert where your phone was like a and the corollary broadcast. It's not in barrel. Well, amber alert is specifically a missing child. Oh that's what Amber Alert means, but so the process of sending out those warnings is called a reverse 911, and so my phone reads firing and and then it's released, the specific neighborhood she's, like literally probably you know less than a mile away from me. I get ready to evacuate and I'm like what, because I've been up all night and I. Didn't I didn't hear anything. But I was hearing a lot of helicopters, overhead and it's fire season. So I was wondering I wonder if there's a fire and I go and I look out my my window. You know, and this is what I see. Let me show you guys. This was crazy check. This [ __ ] out yeah. We got a HD sitting here, 360 max nice, so that's just outside the window at like 3 o'clock, 3 a.m. it's just this intense orange glow and that smoke I mean it was really close. You can see yeah, you can really see how close it is on this hill here when I woke up I was just I was staring at it for like five minutes and just really remember when George Washington heard that 911 that the air planes hit the World Trade aah, and he just sat there silently for like ten minutes, what I ain't talking? That's, how I was looking out this window, cuz I just sat down I was watching it. You know. Do you know that scene, it's famous from what yeah, when, when George walk away, Tennessee Washington slow down George Bush, he was reading a book to a bunch of kids and you see a Secret Service man come and whisper something in his ears and he just sits there for ten minutes like a [, __, ] just paralyzed, and he had said sir wander attack and George Bush was just sitting there. Paralyzed I don't was such a was that so bizarre I'm captivated by that anyway, that was me. I just sat down and watched this for five minutes and I was like Frank and then I got damn boiler that woke up and I'm like what is happening, and you told me check the window and I looked out. The window I'm like this is actually happening like this is my nightmare yeah. This is actually happening so and then, like. How do you started packing? Now we have a baby, so so ela was going like a madman like she was a freaking going crazy, packing everything I will you know we were packing with yet my brother was visiting now we got super lucky because a new brother is so funny because he gets all scientific. Whenever you ask him a question yeah anything Ethan was asking him like how bad is it for us? How much time do we have or something like that, and he starts explaining to us like I, don't know, I, don't know how to describe it, but just super scientific, detailed explanation well he's more interested in doing this detailed explanation than evacuate and I'm like I got a pack and yeah I can't listen right. Now. Sorry I gotta run in pack um, but we got super lucky because the wind was blowing it and away from us essentially yeah. We got so lucky man. If the one was going to other direction, we would have been so freaked, oh yeah. What I was saying is there was a guy here that I was writing for five minutes when I was out there by myself and he was just with a hose spraying. Oh my god, I was like holy crap like where how close is his fire? It was just a guy right here, just spraying not just spraying like this I was like. Oh, my god did I, don't think that garden hose is gonna, stop that fire, but anyway it wasn't a firefighter. It was just somebody, no yeah yeah, no, no boy yeah, just some. What the garden hose I just saw. Water squirting like this, like a you, know and that'll, stop it dude for sure. Well from this hillside, it must have looked like a hellscape yeah because they would have seen everything and I'm just seeing the orange glow, but anyway it burned the other way they got suited like this is right next to us, and then it's just all I guess one Dadar direction and now there's like a huge, mandatory evacuation zone there, and it took my poor mom three hours to get to our house today to babysit Theodore three hours, man. It took you guys a while to get yeah right. Yeah Tukey in like two hours to get to work usually take some 20 minutes. What happened was just bumper-to-bumper because, like the 405 is closed from the fire and then the 101 someone tried to kill themselves on it. Last night, like I'm, related to the fire that closed down traffic, correct so yeah do it. If you're gonna kill yourself, do it on a different day yeah a weekend or something exactly? Did you listen anything good in the car you? What do you do to entertain yourself? I, listen to the county, album if you guys? Okay, that's a good transition. Jesus is king. Tell me about your. The new album is out to everyone. I, don't know where yes, Ian tell me about your reception to the new album still taking it in, but I don't hate it. It's not my favorite, it's lower on his albums if I were to rank him but I like it more than a lot of people. A lot of people really hate it and there's a lot in there that I enjoy a whole whole lot. So now, how many times have you listened to it? Probably yeah you're, still taking it in ah I got a piece, so bad I feel like you're liking it less, because when you first heard it you were super jacked about it, but now you're saying that here it's not your favorite. Well I, still like it. A lot like my least favorite album of his is better than most albums. All here you know in a year, but I do have issues with the album and the messaging of them. There's certain things that I'm tell me about might agree with, like the religious aspect, no I don't mind that oh I just feel like there's certain he's like comparing himself to these religious figures and I feel like he's. Drawing a parallel between himself and Jesus versus, like being a follower of Jesus I, feel his ego very heavily in the album which I feel like conflicts with kind of the Christian ideals he's trying to get across and just kind of muddied. I suppose. Certainly, don't think that that's the point of gianna t to say that I am Jesus. Do you think Jesus already? Did it dan didn't like it dan hated it dan has been messing with Dan, no I'm, just trolling him for the most part, because I know the saturation is pretty wild on your camera. I, don't know what you look like: a beauty vlogger. You notice how, when you watch all these Beauty vloggers on YouTube, they do this yeah exactly they do this crazy saturation. So you can't see any blemishes or details. I, don't know it this! It's a stupid webcam, so it like Ottawa Justin. For some reason. It's going crazy, I know, okay. Well, as long as you look worse than me, then we got no problem right, ela, I, don't know, I saw Kanye on chemo. He gave me Kimball and I wasn't sure about him, he's kind of like well. He was going on so there was a guy in the crowd, a black guy who won the lottery yeah a big big Jack, [ __ ], like hundreds of millions, and he was wearing a good shoe jacket, mhm and probably to that guy. He always wanted a good chief, never afford it. So that's the first thing you buy me: it's like a 89, you looking good feeling. Good I would do the same thing mm-hmm. So Kanye was like look at me: I'm wearing a cheap, hoodie and you're wearing a Gucci jacket. You may just want to think about how you're gonna invest your money like we should educate it. We want it or you need to be an example to the people. People should educate one another about how to invest your money, and it's like that. I just couldn't believe that was Sonja. First of all is merch alone cause like Ian could tell you a lot of money just for a Maruti and okay. You were wearing a cheap hoodie that one day but you're like it's, probably not that cheap. By the way it was it nice. It's probably not that cheap he's like this hoodie only cost 200 bucks yeah the cheapest hoodie I own yeah. How much was his March? You went to see his shows at the Forum yeah I did how much was his merch there? The sweaters were around like 2:54 crewneck yeah. That's what Jesus would solve for his murder. Can you imagine that that Jesus merch back in the day I'd be so it I just give the guy a break? You won the lotto, that's when you buy a Gucci jacket treat yourself, but his whole thing was like we have to be a. We have to uplift our community and teach them that when you get money you don't it's not all about the Gucci jacket, but have you seen Kanye's house by the way right yeah we made a video I mean that guy is the definition. Look at his wife, his wife is literally the symbol of like excess. His family is the symbol of excess and then also he has lyrics on the new album that there's a line that says like that's the reason why I charge the prices that I charge I don't want my family to starve. I, don't want to be on Dancing with the Stars. You seized all activities. Your family wanted star for, like hundreds of years well, Kim Kardashian's richer than he is so together together, it's than Kylie's a billionaire also he bragged on he also bragged on Jimmy Kimmel he's like I'm a billionaire and I'm wearing a cheap hoodie. It's like good for you dude. What car did you drive in? What house do you live in? What plane do you fly? It's like? Who cares that you're wearing a cheap, hoodie I, don't know he's gotten he's I have to say that appearance on Kimble, Kimble, Kimble I offer saying Kimble was a little bit cream. Gee Ian did you watch it? He watched it, who you kiddin, cause I watched it I I, didn't see that one I sent it on our chat. No one watched it. I didn't watch it. I watched a brief clip or nOCO I watched 10 seconds of it and I bailed, because I can't [ __ ] stand him he's kind of doing it. This whole douchey thing it's like he's. You he's hijacking the religion just to kind of give himself even more of an ego boost cuz he's, because when you, when you go through on the crusade like the religious crusade, it gives you this moral high ground and he's definitely exploiting that moral high ground all the way bike. Yeah I'm, Christian everything, I, wear cheap, hoodie, I'm christ-like, and he said he works for Jesus and I. Don't know how he said it exactly but like now, all of his existence is just to serve ro. You want to prove to me that that you you're really in donate all your money, donate now you're sending your money. No don't think that's gonna happen. Well, I! Don't care about him having money I just but I like that. He's like pointing out this poor guy that yes, but also you don't know what that guys doing. First community show me your closet. Konya probably could sell his closet for a few Millions. You don't know what he's doing for his community he's wearing a Gucci jacket. You don't got a single that poor guy out. You know what I mean his good fortune. Yeah I feel like his messaging here is so muddied and confused. The music I still think the music sounds really good mm-hmm, but his actual direction of content and lyrically and how he's conveying his ideas seems kind of worse than ever so well, yeah I think I'm gonna agree with you, even though I haven't listened to it yet, but I think like just from the little snippets that he's been posting I, like the sound of it but I, don't know, he's very talented per dir he's a very talented musician. I've always had my eats, but I think lyrically he's always kind of a well I. Don't know I can't say always, but I don't know the guy needs to just. What's your advice for him in he's listening what? If he's listening right now, what would you say to Kanye to give me a call? I'll tell him I'll tell him what he's got to do. No I just feel like cop-out I feel like he needs to like he's doing like he made a point to not swear on this whole album, like he's doing these gestures, that feel kind of hollow, but he's not actually kind of digging into like the effects of like what it actually means to live a life like in Christ like a christ-like life. He just says like I love, God, that's the only idea. This whole album is like God is cool guy, that's cool, but I feel like it's so much more complex than that. It's a lot about overcoming overcoming hardships and how difficult that may be the struggles that can come out of something you know I feel like there could have been something substantial there. Well, if you listened to his first big single, it's called jesus walks and that song alone is way more complex ideas than this entire album put together in my opinion, seems like it was rushed yeah well anyway enough about. Anyway, congratulations to Nina and Kanye and two cars to love the and to Kanye who was slumming it in his $200 hoodie. What how christ-like I mean it doesn't get more christ-like than that. So how much is the hoodie you're wearing right now? I am uh-oh. Oh and I hope this is cheap. This is you know, I'm not wearing a 250. I saw I got in line, and then what am I doing? I decided I was like I was like the teaching of this album would not approve me of getting sweater. Maybe it's a test, it's a loyalty test yeah and it worked well, let's throw it to a break, and when we come back, we got to talk about the feeding window, ela hates to admit that it's working and we're gonna the cast is gonna, be participating in no, not November. Yes, even you Zack, okay. We will be discussing that later on and, of course, our main stories, which you know what they are because they're in the title we've got oh and a salad taste test, that's gonna be coming up. We should probably do that ASAP, because that [ __ ] is not getting better with age regardless, let's throw to break we'll, be right back god bless Kanye, West, god bless I, don't know just cut to me. Just got me a nice pair of sheets. We all deserve, at least that, and you cannot possibly appreciate how much it makes a difference when you're in bed enjoying your sleep than having a beautiful high quality pair of sheets. It breathes. You don't get as hot. It's soft, it's lovely, it's beautiful! This is it Brooke linens got the answer. People are loving and recommending Brooke linen calm. You want to know why they won winner of best online bedding category by Good Housekeeping. They have reviews from Business Insider, Apartment, Therapy and men's health raving 35,000, five-star reviews more than any other online betting company at half a million happy sleepers and gowning. You can include me in that their mission is to make you more comfortable. Their sheets, don't just feel great, but they look great too. You can mix and match over 20 colors and patterns. My Brooklyn sheets are the most comfortable sheets that I have ever slept on. Their tails have turned my bathroom into a spa. I could recommend them more for friends, family or just treating yourself to the upgrade you deserve. Brooke linen calm is giving an exclusive offer. Just for my listeners, get 10% off and free shipping when you use the promo code, h3 at Brooklyn and calm Brooke linen is so confident in their product and their sheets comforters towels they come with a lifetime warranty. The only way to get 10% off and free shipping is to use the promo code h3 at Brooklyn in.com, that's BR, okay, li any n.com, promo code, h3 Brooklyn! These are gonna, be the best sheets that you have ever slept. Ela I know you believe in working smart, more than just working, because sometimes you could work and you don't get work done. But when you work smart, you work less and you get more work done. That's where kaptara comes in kaptara helps you find the right software for your needs fast, so you can get back to business even faster at kaptara. You can compare thousands of software options, read reviews and instantly narrow down your favorites you'll have more time in no time find the right software right now at kaptara, comm, /, h3 kaptara is the leading free online resource to help you find the best software solutions for your business, with over 1 million reviews of products from real software users discover everything you need to make an informed decision. You can search for more than 700 specific categories of software, everything from project management to email, marketing to yoga studio management, software. Yes, people it does get that niche, join the millions of people who use kaptara each month to find the right tools for their business. We use kaptara to find some software for four content management system to manage the tasks we have an in-house I pile, [, __ ] up on Ian. How to make sure you make this good, keep him busy to earn that salary. Just got promoted - and it works. We found one that really works for us, yet all we I'm telling you kaptara do it? Is you gonna get some so for the super ultra productive visit kept air.com / h sleep for free today to buy the tools to make an informed software decision for your business kaptara dot-com, /, h, 3 kaptara, that c AP te r, ra dot-com / h3 its kaptara baby software selection, simplified. We are back. Why did Zack count us in? Where is bad? We're stance, cuz I, had to sit in cos. Iam was late, come back, Oh Zack, you gotta grab that voted a fiery end no I'm here, Oh Bobby Lee's, here, Oh Bobby Lee came storming into our office yeah, because I wouldn't tell you why I'm here now, when I tell your audio everything, I'm gonna tell your audience. Everything go ahead. I believe I believe that things happen for a reason. I believe there's destiny. Okay, now, when I was a young, man did I believe that there was a fat Jewish man that had my body, my ugliness, my own sexuality, my nan cool, you know stiff, you know, yeah and I did I think that no but did I met you hmm and we are now you know, you're. The Jew version of this career yeah, it could be right yeah. So when I met, you I thought, there's something you two I love, but we also have like our you know these better halves. I know we do, but because I did your podcast mhm I met a therapist in your building mm-hmm. It was a really good session. That's I feel like I knew. Bobby Lee is around the corner, so I thought and I'm gonna lighten everyone. Soon, hey. You need to come back, come check back in every week and I'm gonna be here: every Tuesday, yeah cuz, I'm gonna go in no yeah. I'll come in and I was molested, but you know what that wasn't. My fault, Wow, okay! Well, that's a bit! That was a big. Is that now how would I? Just before you go you're such a fashion, icon, I, like what you're wearing? Can you know what can I say something when I went and bought your [ __ ] beanie at that store? I had no idea, he was [, __ ], yours, that's all and when I know it was [. __ ], yours I. Try to return it because, but you know what net, but no the reason why I bought it is because it's my quality is this: it yeah, that's it I love it. It's high-quality, - I didn't mean to make you talk about ice I, really like what you're wearing like this shirt and now tell me about the first session. Yet I mean. Did you go in because I know like the first sessions usually like getting to know you, but did you go in for the heavy [ __ ] already or did? Are you kind of like what's hard because we're podcasters yeah and all the things that I've said I've said surprises in front of everyone? Yeah I think my eye use this as therapy. That's true, but then the people listening they didn't give me the right advice like you do cuz they work at like you know that that's in beyond, or that which is not a bad job. If you were to work at Bed, Bath, &amp; Beyond, you know you don't have exactly the qualifications to analyze right, that's like they don't have it right, so I think by doing it. This way, because the things that she was saying, he was very clear to me. Good I think I'm gonna go see her -. Can we all use the same? It's in your podcast studio, because it's like, oh, like I, work out with her well I'm gonna. Well, you know me when it's [ __ ] doesn't work out. I will I burn the bridge I'll, you know, I mean I'll ruin it for everybody. Yeah I'll make sure she never sees you again. Yeah. Ask you something about your fate, because when I'm on Instagram, sometimes yeah and I'll scroll by your [ __ ] face okay, you'll do something so you've with your body, so [ __, ], so crazy. You ruin my appetite, ruin the way. I feel about that moment, really yeah. So what's that about friend, wait how you doing yeah it gets pretty elaborate. Oh wait! The pill put it like on the floor and stand on a chair and shred it like really, and you have to set a time right before you in the room when he's doing it, yeah sometimes I'm flicking the big star funny. Yeah I mean I think it's fun. It's not like magic you're like covering your face like no, it's not like you're right. It's not tragic, you're right, but could I see this leave mm-hmm I, just I really do mean this that I honestly on group level and everyone listening to me right now. God bless you and take care. Okay mark these two here when you're listening to these two I'm not kidding you daliyah everyone, we love you, you know and you and we look at you guys as stand-ups. We look at you guys as real how many community people right and I love you guys so much and I. Consider you guys family I'm, gonna leave right now, right, god bless! Take care good night, oh, by the way, my sister and brother last saw you an ox. Our dealer I thought you were amazing, I, don't think so, but they thought they thought. You were a great eye. I want to say it next time. Your family's at my show, I, don't want to bother you more handsome up, close I have to say you gained a couple of points of attraction. Up close, he has nice skin and, like I, got pictures of him from kalila sleeping with the beanie yeah man that guy doesn't they're real I'm. Glad he's talking to somebody everyone it's therapy is he still here? Is he just walked out? Well that that's a that was a treat you got to get the Bobby weakly check. Yeah he's the best. Those guys are so sweet, they're too nice, Chris and Bobby. What Cossacks speaking of a feeding window either? Do you have any comments on the feeding window? So I told you things yesterday that I hated made the, but it seems like it's working I'll tell you what's great about the feeding window for me, I give myself an eight-hour feeling window. So for me it's between 10:00 and 6:00 that perfectly captures for me, two meals and after 6:00, when I wrap it up I. Can it just works really well for me that I can just say: okay, I'm, not eating anymore, where usually I would just be snacking. Eating cereal grabbing this and that and all those calories are gonna. Add up big-time I'm talking like an extra five six. Seven. Eight hundred but many times having even an extra meal at 10 p.m. because ela doesn't he and that she gets hungry and then we're like. Oh, let's order food, so I think when you set those restrictions on yourself, at least for me, it really works. So I thought at first that it wasn't gonna be like that. I thought you were gonna, go like crazy. During the fitting window, no I mean I'm, not stuck like I'm, not going out of my way to stuff myself, I'm eating know, but somehow you also, it seems like you're eating more responsibly, even during the window. Well, because you know you're trying to lose weight, so you're a little more conscious but I'm eating what I want I'm. You know what I mean I'm, not suffering, and it's you is it's hard for the first couple hours after the window closes, but you get over it and then I'm fine, but I. Just I love the idea by feeding window to cuz. It does make me feel like a pig and a truck in sounds so bad. The window is open. The window is closed. It's like I, like the whole action of a window opening and closing so sceeto out of the question. I, don't mind: I don't buy keto, there's something about eating hamburger, patties and cheese, get bacon to me. That sounds absolutely repulsive and wrong. It doesn't have to be I, don't like it can be other things I'm just I like the feeding windows, I, don't rock the boat. Okay, you can open line. The good didn't mean you can go mind with the feeling, with I'm I'm. Frankly, I watched a documentary about veganism on Netflix and I was like damn. That sounds pretty good, so I'm thinking about going vegan to phase phasing out yeah. You tried that last year that lasted like a week, I'm true I. Think, though you tried and you end up getting wait, wait I, think I'm, there's a lot of vegan products, so I feel like if I really make that effort, like vegan chicken wing I, even tried vegan yogurt, it's yogurt made from cashews and it was great. That's good. Um vegan food has come really far in the last decade. Are you really far I'm really down and I'm just waiting for you to say the word, but you're not going vegan? No I can't do yes. I want to go vegetarian. I do really think I could phase out of eating meat. For me, I like eggs and cheese, is almost like all I eat, so I really don't think it would be good. No, you should keep eating that, but the vegan products, like Dan said, are getting so good that you can enjoy your meals too level and that you really could with meat, and you really don't even notice. The difference. I mean these impossible. Burgers are slamming yeah. It really satisfies me in the same way, Zach just tried an impossible burger for the first time today. Zach I was pleasantly surprised. I just tried it like a week ago for the first time it's great it's yeah, it's very good, actually enjoyed it better because I wasn't thinking in my head, like I, think I have a problem with meat because I find it so gross and I'm always wondering like what am I eating and I'm paranoid about like. What's in my bite, I don't know if it makes sense so yeah, knowing that there was no meat and it kind of made it more enjoyable. For me, I understand what you mean, because you you have a strong aversion to like gristle and yeah, and all that which is I mean I. Don't blame you also I, just I love animals, I really do yeah and I. Just I mean it's just so messed up the animal slaughter houses and farms, and you know on one hand it's like those are gonna exist. I mean there's really nothing to do about it. Until we have such a strong and effective alternative to meet the of glabra meat, but at the same time coming it would be nice to not participate yet to not participate in that I mean I love, my dogs and pigs and cows are as smart or smarter than dogs. Mm-Hmm I mean it's not it's not good. It's not good to to to do what we're doing to those animals yeah so well anyway. The feeding window is good. I like it now. Here's something else that I think is gonna be more controversial, no, not November. Now it was suggested that we as a team, try no, not November. Okay, me and Dan and Zach now no nut November means no sex right and no masturbating. Oh I thought it was just no masturbating. Well, if you're having sex, then I mean and well. Who cares about masturbating true, so you can't have sex for a month. I think. Will you having sex with your business Dan, tell me about what I think that the reason that it's about masturbating is because well I saw that post on the subreddit and the fan said that, like you've talked about how you can't go a day without mm-hmm masturbating mm-hmm, so that's why it's not about sex. So you think that as we as long as we don't well Dan how many times you jerk off in a month, I just pulled up the rules it is, it does include sex. You cannot have sex, masturbate or not in any way shape or form watching pornography and having boners are allowed, but you can't nut. That's something awful. Why would you want to watch? Why would you want to do it silently watching porn like watching a good pic on? It's all? It's awesome like hocus-pocus. We should wash you anyway, weird [, __ ] yeah. It's not it's not good for you, I'm! Sorry, just watching porn and nacho golf that seems psycho. That's like clockwork orange', [, __, ] Oh make you go like go [ __ ] shoot up a kindergarten. Okay, we don't know November I could do without the jerking off, but well. The no sex affects your partner. Tell ya! The implication. Is that like women, don't like sex, it's like well you're part of it too apparently gives you super powers. What we talked about it I want to say last year, I remember pretty much. We had a lot of fans. Emailing us saying you know it boosts your serotonin in your brain or something and- and you know and I mean after they tried it. They felt more alive and more active and blah blah blah. There's no way the science to that I think you know. I just feel alive for the first time not jerking off this month. I have friends who go I, don't I, don't have no idea how this came up in conversation, but he was saying that he liked doesn't jerk off at all and I was like what he says. I didn't work off at all, just because he doesn't feel like it. I'm like bro this I don't know what this has to do with anything. But I was shocked by that I guess, there's people that they were just know not November. Through their whole life, people have different levels of libido I, don't want to honestly yeah, honestly, don't that does Lobito every guy just got a jerk off. It's like the feeding window for masturbating. Does that make sense honestly there's a Twitter account that follows the podcast on Twitter and just post a picture of Danny just as honestly to everything and it's pretty good. It has a lot of engagement action honestly. What are your thoughts on that and I've been enjoying it yeah? It's funny, I wonder if it's the same guy as the Gazebo I had a severe yeah. It's the same guy who does the gazebo is the same guy that does posting pictures of Ethan and responds to the gazebo [Laughter], honestly we're really taking a long time to get through this document. I've only I mean I'm, not even the actual topic. Let's just get to the point here. Mr. beast is trying to plant 20 million trees. Ah, how nice it is nice. Mr. Bies hit 20 million subscribers and celebrated 20 million subscribers. He wants to plant 20 million trees, team trees org. How much have they raised now? I think it was like six as of last night, but as of now only six and a half trees planted man. He might actually make it we're trying to get 20 million trees planted by 2020. So every dollar is a tree right. So apparently, every dollar he's working with the sir day yeah Arbor Day, some nonprofit charity that just plants trees like Johnny Appleseed, except not apple trees, but other kinds of trees as well, then try to plant 20 million trees by 2020. No, this is a nice thing. You know. Is this going to solve climate change? No, is it nice that they're doing it is it I like to see our generation being? You know, activate it, because, ultimately, all these old [ __ ] booming [ __ ], are destroying the planet. Burning, trees, burning, fossil fuels, bringing back coal, they don't give a [, __, ] and ultimately we're the ones and especially even the younger generation, is the ones that are gonna have to pay for this planet. That's that that's being ruined what and then you feel so helpless. What can I do? What can I actually do right? What using a paper straw? No, you know I mean like yes, but no, so that's how I feel about everything. I feel like even twelve twenty million trees. It's like but they're, trying something. It's a lot of trees. I'm sure! That's! Look this one science shuttle, that's collaborating with them. What size channel was it? It was um I, don't I, don't want ropers I want to give ya mark Roper Roper he's the guy that did the glitter bomb, glitters terrible for the environment. Oh man, that disabilities led him on yeah. Did you see legitimized all the trees? Honestly, no mark Roper, he explained that you know trees grow, they get their carbon from the air, they basically are giant carbon deposits and they suck carbon out and they leave oxygen for us to breathe and since the inception of human civilization, half of all trees on planet earth have been destroyed. There's a lot of carbon being released into the environment. The question is how many of the trees they planned will actually last and for how long, because apparently needs to last like a hundred years to make a difference. Mm-Hmm and not not a lot of them are going to us. Well, they know he says in his video that they are working with this nonprofit, who is very good at planting trees and ensuring a high survivability rate. For these reason, the part that I end, apparently they work with local ordinance and governance and the planting trees on the right ecosystem, because it's like what are you gonna do just go plant a tree and Park I mean you know what I mean it has to be in the right place, yeah. So this organization is logistic about these things. Logistically and it's a global initiative, it's not just the United States! So will it have a measurable difference on climate change? Who knows? Is it a beautiful and great thought? I mean I, think so, I think it's great I like it in a time when this climate crisis feels you know unsurmountable and that people just don't care enough about it. I mean hey so nice to try to do something. I'm gonna, donate I'm gonna give a thousand bucks when I get home, so I planted a thousand trees mother effers. So who says that I'm not the best guy ever next time? Let him know, let's see the idea came from a fan who tweeted what should I give my 20 millionth sub and that petition said plant twenty million trees and his video announcement. Mr. B said that he had been spammed about the position, the petition so much that he had to do it and he became began the project by personally planting hundreds of trees in Oregon. The website is called team trees, org there's, actually some really big donations here, I'll read to you guys, so we've got I, know strees. Mister beasts gave the three or two hundred thousand Wow wait hundred thousand others two different ones. Oh you're right juicy juicy tree. That's juicy tree plant, oh it's because somebody one-upped him. So he had to one-up. That's only fair I guess I, don't know who Alan Walker is but good job to you, Ukraine the snug, thus the country of Ukraine. Thank you to them. Mark Roper, that's the guy! We talked about 50,000 jeffree, star 50,000, the odd one out he's an animator 33,000. Another animation Walker is a musician by the way I. Just oh, how nice of him ninja is planting 15,000 tree a lot of influence. Resumed Todd, blossom I, realize you know big money, yeah big money for the forest, well I'm. Only given 1000 now I feel like a cheap, [, __ ] I'll tell you right now: I want to give less if I'm being totally honest right now, maybe I'll give a hundred just don't want to be left out. Where were you and those trees were being planted? Maybe I'll just plant a tree and say I participated. Iii bet you I bet you I could plant a tree for fifty cents. I'm gonna send Danny and Zach over the park recipe just plant some trees all day I'll make you guys think you can get in there. I'll have them these guys. Plant 20, trees, I'll, probably cost me 50 bucks call it a day that actually is more yeah. That's alright, I'll donate it doesn't I. Take it all back what the hell! It's a see all coming soon come on. What kind of Fitness is not that technical of a feature coming soon? Why do you have a clickable links is coming soon right anyway, good job everyone, so we we I mean look. We started getting a little skeptical about it and we looked into the not skeptical, but you wonder: ok, you were giving twenty million dollars to this organization. That's gonna plant a bunch of trees. It's like okay, yeah! What's the chances that somebody's not actually just making money off this? Well, we looked up up on Charity Navigator, which is a it's a website that rates charities, uh based on financial accountability and transparency, and they actually have a very good rating. I was happy to see so there you go eighty six point: seven, eight out of a hundred financial. They have eighty one point, eighty one percent and account building transparency. Ninety six percent, so they have some executives who are making a little cheddar cheese but ultimately, ultimately, that's that's fine I mean administrative expenses, three percent fundraising, so fourteen percent I wonder if that's I mean you got to spend money on fundraising. It's like oh just of simple returns, right liability and assess assets. So this stuff is websites so interesting, fifty million damn these guys are pretty flush. So mister beasts is gonna up that really cool. So it's a good charity. Actually you don't have to worry about that. They are definitely a good charity and so, for those reasons, I'm proud to announce that I'll be donating $100 to them. But those reasons I'm in for those reasons I'm in and I'll, be donating $50 after this episode airs to help support the initiative. Okay, I'm just trying to be funny cuz, it keeps going getting less every time. I know: okay, nobody was laughing I thought it was funny, but then again don't doesn't stop people from hating. Let's see people were hating articles about this. Never cite a specific examples. With the Beggs example, I could find there's a doomsday subreddit. They say that's why I'm laughing my ass off that this team tree [ __ ], going around in social media since yesterday, all the YouTube stars are promoting it for the gen Z guys just STFU, it's too late and I bet my left, not someone is profiting from this. Well I just disapproved that it's too late, I still like trees, [ __ ] still got need shade, even if, though, if it isn't too late right. That's what that's like the argument get about like these people, who who are like so against trying to do anything about the quality of our air and removing co2 from that miss fear. It's like bro, clean air is a good thing, even if you think that global climate change is a chinese hoax, clean air is Delp, I don't think they think it's a hoax. They just think it's too late to do anything. No well, not damn the flip side of it, but you're right, some people, yeah plant, a lot of people thinks that it's [ __ ], yeah, that it's just some liberal conspiracy to fleece people's money. Mm-Hmm I mean Donald Trump. Our president thinks that he famously said that global warming is a Chinese hoax. Global climate change is a Chinese hoax whoa, so that's a good definitely represents my beliefs. More serious criticism can be leveled that this, let's see, four different groups of scientists responded with critique. One of their big concerns is that placing too much attention on tree planting takes away from the most important steps to stopping a climate catastrophe which is cutting down on burning fossil fuels. Well, you can do both at the same time, exactly. Why are you quitting it's like why you can't such a hater as [ __, ], yeah? Okay? How am I stand? The logic it's like you know, the planting the trees is is in a way trying to band-aid the root of the issue, not yeah. Nobody says: hey guys. Why don't we both need to happen? You know also, what are we doing about using less fossil fuel anyway, it's like it's such a big problem on an individual basis. You can't do anything. You need a huge systemic governmental change. You need a huge sweeping reform. Our entire economy is dependent on fossil fuels. We can't undo that on an individual level, yeah we need to like and I get why these people are get frustrated. Like you mentioned before the thing with the straws, like that's you know, I know, people's heart is in the right place, but that's done that's not doing anything but nobody's like that. Actually, even if it's small that actually can have a little bit of an impact. Well, you know bearing in mind that nearly half of the world's trees have been destroyed. Since the you know, human civilization I think that's a beautiful thing to do. Yeah trees are dope, love, trees, we're not that'd, be interesting, hmm hate trees. So I, just hates trees, I think Donald, Trump, pitch trees. I think he said that liking trees is the Chinese hope I like it, I'm, proud of them I'm, proud of everybody. It's a great initiative personally I just like to see it's like I've, seen lots of successful charities, I've seen lots of successful initiatives. Among my you know, contemporaries my peers on on YouTube, but I haven't seen one that addresses the issue of climate change and it's such a hotly contested issue. I mean the scientific community, overwhelmingly, there's a consensus. There I mean that's undebatable, but there's a lot of political spin that that is somehow made this a partisan issue, climate change, and so it's nice to see people putting that savanna side and agreeing together that this is an issue that needs to be that's important to to them. So I like that I find that to be hopeful and nice. So with that being said, and and let's bring out some salads because we are helping the second now here, we've got an this is my dream segment. As you know, we become fond of eating food. Doing taste tests often fast food here on the podcast mm-hmm well Eve us been complaining that I'm just using it as an excuse to fast food and get fat. So is it okay, you'll? Let me stick it to you. Here's what we're gonna do. This week, we are going to taste test fast food, salads No. You are telling the story like it was your idea, but it actually was not. It was my idea. It was not what it was a fan. It was a fan you're totally right. It wasn't my idea. I thought it was my idea, but now I, remember: Thank You Zach go ahead, tell the story when we were at the Meetup and now I'm, not I'm, looking at my phone, not because I'm talking to Jesus but because I'm looking for the picture, when we were at the meetup in New York, one of the fans that came to us said that he had an idea for me that we do a solid taste test because he always gets pissed that we just see eating all this grows faster, Darius and I was like damn that's a good idea and then I took it as my own, then I'm I'm gonna send you the picture. Are you presenting this right? Dan come on, just show it to the camera. We'll do it later. That guy knows: okay, yeah, that's you dude, that's the dude! You did it and I was like damn that's a good idea. Let me forget that I ever met you and just take that as my own, so I think this is gonna, be fun because look at these pictures by the way this is McDonald's right in a glass bowl. Here. We're going we'll go in that order. Actually that'll make it easy Rd. We start at the top a beautiful little side, salad, Burger, King, mmm, grilled, chicken, salad yeah. It looks good, that's definitely fried chicken, that's not grilled chicken a. What is that mushrooms was that chicken, that's chicken, okay, Taco Bell! That's got to be the dirtiest, that's the one I'm gonna eat and finally, Wendy's apple pecan come on. Don't make gourmet cells. Okay, let's go, let's start with McDonald's all right, so grilled chickens, Southwest, salad, that's going to be this guy right here, I believe, remember, yeah, so uh all right! Let's have a look, so this is Alana on first appearance and I say this one doesn't look that bad by the way. Let's just pull this pleasure these were about yesterday afternoon yeah, but to be yeah I mean in full in full fairness, McDonnell's, that's looking pretty good chicken! There chickens a little strange dude like a strong look. You know when you get chicken out of Airport or like a bus, stop that's exactly when, like waves, wrong way, why even it chicken I'm just I'm, just trying to image and a Newman's Own ranch, is how you're supposed to eat with that. So that's the real [ __ ]. Well, at least it's not like McDonald's weird, it's like Newman. Actually you know about Newman's Own 100% of profits. Go to charity says it right on the that's [ __ ] cool man, they're cool. You got a fort here, so guys without further ado. The big, exciting taste test, mmm, we all shared that ball will share ten dozen dozen I don't touch the chicken yeah, the Newman's Own I. Don't like that much! Oh really! That's the part! That's it! Okay! All right! I'm surprised the first one grilled, chicken, Southwest I, don't even know that's the day old yeah, the Saudis dr., Suresh and I'm being honest, that's a good salad, all right! So, while she's trying that one I'm gonna stage the second one, this I have a feeling we might be going from one of the best to one of the worst right now this is Arby's I heard the Arby's side of solid I was like. We have got to get that salad and it's just called the Arby's side. Salad. Let me get a picture. Oh here it is okay. This is not bad dude! That's like a good salad, yeah I'm into that exactly you bring in a pair of scissors I'm gonna! Oh, this is a first. This is a date you lose them we're. Second, five people I want I'm gonna eat that salad, I'm hungry bye. Give me that [ __ ] hold on yeah. Wait, don't worry. Dan I got an appetite. You just go in the feeding windows, the windows open. When does the window closed? Six? Actually I'm, not gonna get home in time for dinner, I'm, just gonna, silently you guys talk. I can't get this open. This already looks so sad, actually I'm panicking I'm panicking, like you always panic when I'm not bringing stuff in damn. How sad [ __ ] the scissors Zach? No, you know how I feel Zach's hunting the scissors down and not having any luck. There then got it. We got it. We got it bad air, this RB salad, you slow over that no yeah, so we got some Dijon honey mustard. That's that's! What's recommended girls Ian, you had an interesting experience at Arby's. Do you want to tell us what happened when you went to the Arby's yesterday, find it yeah, so I went to order the salad and put yourself on screen. Let's go yeah and I get to the window, and this kind of older, very skinny Asian gentleman comes up and he's like you know: oh no I'm, so sorry for the delay, we're getting your salad now I didn't take a while yeah. It took a long time, but it didn't seem like anyone was working besides him and then he's like he's like so do you know work today, huh I feel like I'm, like I'm, on lunch, break he's like oh nice. What do you do and I'm I just said? Oh I'd, PA he's like nice. You work around here and there you want to be in my a I, think that's where I was building up to and I was like kinda, not too close, he was like. Do you live nearby and I said not really, he said: do you live with your parents? What and I said? Oh, that's such a creepy question. What's probably around maybe like 55th, oh yeah, and that makes sense, the daddy is a nice juicy. Little twink did you get his phone number. I did not, and then I said the shame. I said well, he asks do you have roommates I said yeah I do and he was like. Oh okay, I'm really excited to be talking to you right now. Oh wow was it George Takei and then he finally goes and grabs the salad it almost looked like it was just sitting there the whole time. Oh, my goodness, he leans out the window to hand it to me and then he like gets close and he like whispers and he's like come pick me up after work, I'm, serious and then I was like. What are you wait? You didn't, he said. Come pick me up after work yeah, he actually said that yeah Arby's drive-through, like at raesha store. How did you respond to that yeah I, agree, I, just kind of went like and then I drove off. Did he touch your hand when you this I was very careful with hand placement I snagged that bag and got going yeah? Wonder if there's any if there's like date, rape in this Wow I'm wondering like does, is he doing that all day? Probably? Is that something you should like tell Arby's about they're like listen, dude, it's Arby's Louie! We just we don't really monitor what goes on there like come on they're. You wasting our time the fact that I asked if you live with your parents, that's yeah, really creepy I, think yous trying to figure out like how am I gonna be able to come over and not, and no one will be there honestly. Well, I'll tell you what I'm not so much worried about the date here. Get it I mean I. Don't really want to taste this because that dressing I don't know foul bro. You should get it close up. You look, you got to see what this looks like I feel like that's that Asian dudes come for see sauce, dude yeah, it's a horse. Can we get dancing to be fair? It's uh, I'm gonna. Try it get about it at here. We go to be honest, it looks fine. Let's give it a try, Arby's to the Asian man that wants to rape, you all right, but not a fan of chewing noise. Trisha likes me when I truly love her to be fair, I, don't like honey mustard, but the freshness of the lettuce is pretty good. Really yeah, that's surprising! It's crunchy! The cheese is good. The tomatoes are good. The ball itself is very depressing. I, just don't know why you would even get this cuz, it's so small. The bull's depressing there's not really much going on. There's an important factor here that I know you'll find relevant. It's not bad. We have you look. We did track the prices on all of these, and all of them are between. You know six and seven dollars, except for this Arby's 1, which is 3. Well, it makes sense of more bang. For your buck yeah, this McDonald's phone is on another level. I mean this is a meal all right. This is I, don't know why you eat this at Arby's. Well, really wonder how many of those they sell it there I, really hate sauce. The dressing is not good, but just addresses you evaluate it. On the lettuce. The lettuce is fine, but this whole thing kind of sucks, I, don't know it's kind of a pointless thing. Yeah like just don't order, but that that dressing really is [. __, ], beautiful, yeah I mean I feel like if you order actually order. Honey-Mustard you've got a little. You have like daddy issues or something so uh. So next up, this is a this is B K. This is Burger King, which I personally think is one of the worst fast-food didn't. We rate it like F, when we did the looks like oh, it's soggy bun, the Burger, King grilled chicken club Aled yeah, and you got some Ken's like honey balsamic, so they are making this decision for us regarding the dressing. Yeah I think it is just kind of a default mmm. You probably get something else if you asked for it, that's so interesting that they all have a different one. Mcdonald's ranch way to go, Arby's, honey, mustard, well, uh, some of them they didn't have a default I, don't think. Okay, Burger King had a default actually and then they asked I said what do you have and then I picked picked, one of them, okay, balsamic on a club, that's okay, say ranchers I do I would do ranch on all these yeah they're all ranch very rancher, both salads ranch of all alright. Well, we're gonna! Try it with well guy. Here we go just a bit, you know what I mean we could do without dressing. It I'll just put a light amount cuz. They don't even make the dressing. That's right! This is Ken's get here. Can you do she? Don't even donate your profits? Well, the chicken looks [ __ ] horrid. Alright, oh there's bacon bits in here, hello dollars, yeah I'm, Alex, you better! Try this get some shots with this yeah get off. Let's see that chicken that chicken ain't right a little flat, it looks like a soggy hamburger. Bun, don't want puke down there, so you don't want to try this. You know you're not allowed to skip on a taste test. Why is it so dry it it's like falling apart. It's like flaky, but it tastes. Actually fine I know y'all gonna hate on me and call me a liar but tastes, fine, the bacon, generous, the leaves fine, the dressing can okay. This is not them. There's way too much bacon. It's super salty! It's like there's so much cheese and bacon in here. It sounded like. There was a lot of positivity yeah happening and then well. I actually got an 80 on us. There I was I, was tasting each ingredient sure sure individually, but as a whole of this salad is probably heavier and more disgusting in calorie rich than a hamburger gross mm-hmm. Yes, so much food and bacon, there's more cheese and bacon than lettuce, I loved it. The McDonald's, solid I had beans and corn mm-hmm. So it's a Southwest style there. There was a different McDonald's one. We got two from there for some reason, but that one seemed a little bit more interesting. This one I think is just crispy chicken, so so it seems like McDonald's bring the heat, so dude McDonald's always brings heed. I have to give them props, like all damn. Just remember these. These are basically competing. Sounds flagship. Salads same prices way too much meat in this. For me, it's not good. Just get a hamburger. If that's what you're doing with your life. Well, next up is chick-fil-a I, don't I foresee bad things from chick-fil-a after they lost that shamba cough so to Popeyes, I'm, not I, feel oh, they got creamy salsa okay, give me that creamy salsa dressing and it is their own, which that's new, put it on maybe huh. So, let's load it up, but they got so far. Mcdonald's clear winner in this battle on there and I mean I feel like a complete fool, saying this, but I feel like it's even worth going to McDonald's for that's how my league manager is calling me right now. Oh he's up, what did you guys tell Bobby the complete mess good, the chicken spicy? Should we get a shot of this yeah yeah? Let's reform beans, the chicken is delicious and spicy. This is the Southwest addressing as BOM and spicy ins, it's kind of a one for one with the McDonald's okay, it's really good that dressings BOM dressing is good. The chicken is great wow wow wow wow chick-fil-a salad generally going a lot better than I think wide open yeah. This generally seems to be gone. The cheese like thick thick cuts of cheese were, if you look at like this [ __ ], the bk1, they see the look at the BTR me look at those thin little strips of cheese. That's yeah! No [, __ ]! Look at this cheese! You see that that oh wow fat strip of cheese, baby [Music], so next this is interesting. So next is Domino's I'm a wild card. Here, that's bomb yeah, that's mom, I didn't chick-fil-a. Take still of chick-fil-a takes the lead. All right is that cabbage yeah I think so truthfully definitely takes the lead. Yeah Domino's has separated all the ingredients I like that which is kind of interesting as it keeps it fresh right, and that means they package the week ago. I, don't like that means they packed it a week ago. That's rubbish, it was such an airport. It was sealed, yeah, that's kind of gross. Actually that means they made it in a factory like a month ago. Yeah. It was like one of these. That's all I could you'll. So that's, probably not great. That's already bad rating. That's I'm into this! That's a crouton so that one was chick-fil-a. Oh yeah, all I'm saying is the mic. In the way. Can you that's the opposite? Alright, so yeah, this one I can't ever tell if this camera is in focus or not so apologies if, but it always changes and I just don't know I just let me erase them just seriously yeah. So here here's the Domino's one. This is looking pretty sad. This is the Delta Airlines solid. It came with a they got Mars Ettie to Mazzetti. Oh, my daddy forget the Mars Eddie. You know, I put it on its ranch, though put it on cheers dude that one an off the chain that dressing is so good. Cheese like spicy ranch, bro get out of here yeah. The picture is actually way worse than how it really looks right now. Chick-Fil-A picture looks so sad and weird yeah. You thought it was mushrooms on there. Yeah I mean they. It just looks strange, I love that there's a lot more stuff than just a few lettuce pieces. It's all happening, just cabbage Obrecht, chick-fil-a, corn beans. Damn here's your! What do you say: Delta, Delta, air, okay, so this first of all, some assembly required this after dam labored. Also, if we want to talk about the environment, why do we need all this [ __ ]? Look at all this extra packaging? Oh I see what you yeah. That's my boy. This is not cute like what do you think this is cute? No one cares about this. No I think they just really literally packaged it like three months ago got to keep it edible, so I mean yeah. This is one of the saddest looking salads. This is like cafeteria at elementary schools. No right, yes, salad! Maybe even yeah. Can you hand me the fork ela or I'll. Take another four. Why not? God bless well? I mean I, pretty much know what this is gonna taste Gladys is pretty old man like I, said weak-ass [, __ ]. Well, that's the care that came with all different uh week asked geez. Look at that. [ __, ], ass, cheese, flick, I mean they're the only one that in crew included croutons, interesting labia. What the [ __, ], yeah, ultimately I think this is actually the worst salad I think, there's even worse than Arby's. So who was that domino domino damn worse than Arby's yeah? Damn is it really you mean, then this one I mean at least that one was a side, salad and also someone tried to rape him, oh my god, so that was kind of opponents here. Try that Oh Taco Bell I'm going in it looks like we got those I think because I think they gave us the wrong salad. I feel like the Taco Bell one is like a what's a taco salad I mean it's a taco: it's not really a salad new dance, the resident vegetarian. Let them decide it's still a salad painter. What are you putting on that? Yeah? That's a great question, so that's salsa, tostada, okay, dump it on it, because it's just old, no I am and on it. But this looks like this is chicken too so, which is probably good. I want all the rest of it again. I wanted the ground beef I'm disappointed, so it's gonna keep better than the ground beef Widow sitting in a fridge for a day. So currently Domino's is the worst Domino's is by far the worst just based on I, think the age and the assembly and everything but okay, so good I, don't think this is fair to include, and this isn't a health dish. It's not a search by the way their chicken looks like it was a taco Sally's, not a solid. Their chicken looks like it was frozen, dehydrated, refrozen, shipped to mars back and then rehydrated again I mean I. It's alright I never had to talk about salsa like this I'm. Frankly skeptical. Let me try the checkout very spongy and thick like it's lost the whole property of what being meat is it's just horrid, it's just absolutely hard and there's so much to I can't even get a bite without cheap chicken in it was the worst. This is the worst there's. No beans, rice and lettuce, no beans, maybe a little bit to start it's gotta be this is this? Is the worst where's, the Domino's worse than Domino? Oh I felt like it wasn't even fair to include? Oh, it actually is a salad. It's a sec, it's a salad, but it's a bad salad. Oh that's a salad that yeah. That is the worst Domino's like. If I, don't here's a deal. If my family was getting booed up its tortilla strips, if my family was getting pizza, Domino's I want a salad, I could eat that this is inedible. I would rather eat nothing than that. Hmm, damn yeah! It's awful talk about that. The clear loser here: hmm! Well, we do have I think one more right, scroll down: Wendy, Oh, Wendy! You know this one I'm skeptical of it's apple, pecan, it's like bro! Why are you trying to get I'm trying to bring the heat a little bit? Look. We got like a balm and burrata like that. Candied walnuts I just want to eat that here give me that no no hold on respect the sanctity come on what God working on it. Oh I! Don't like this packaging all right. We got some blue cheese. We got blue cheese from Wendy's, yeah blue cheese crumbles. You mean you mean because it's actually a rotting yeah blue I'm gonna, look blue when I'm dead don't have oxygen. Hopefully there's not a finger in there by the way. This is how this five dollars and 30 cents- and it's tiny- that's right- money to eat that! Well, you don't like blue cheese, crumble canal, okay! Well, careful again! But if I do it's gonna be from a nice restaurant enough, yeah I mean they're kind of trying to punch above their weight. Here might be a fatal mistake from Wendy's what kind of dress here we go simply dressed: Mars addy, [, __ ]. Let me really ask who, and their goddamn line will go through Wendy's in order a pecan apple salad that is so insane to try to get a gourmet ain't done. No, this one smells pretty good. Well, they didn't make it then. Oh, oh, that looks. [ __, ] I know Wendy's a little girl on it. That looks so gross and you just like grow a lot. It's like a log, I'm gonna put a little bit on this side, so you can decide what kind of like a barbecue sauce pomegranate is pomegranate. We got pomegranate blue cheese, Horrible's trihard, Andy yeah Wendy's, has always been a try. Their Twitter account is always [. __ ] will try hard to make your food better. Next time, I mean you can't really go wrong with candy become yeah. Those are always good. Yes, we always say asking them really guessed. It is you up like even chewing in your ears. I can't imagine. How do you listen to this? Would headphones I'm loyal, have fun I, don't listen to it at all. To the show yeah I live it. You see. I have a problem because I'm avoiding the blue cheese, you have to taste, you gotta taste it just the rotting cheese. Okay, I've got here. I've got a bite with everything on it. Oh and a pecan yeah taste the mold baby from Wendy. That's pretty funny. You're gonna get sick from our solid segment. I know: yeah yeah I mean what can I say it's [ __ ] hard, it's just hard, I'm, absolutely awful! There's no way this is on their menu. This is so insane that they would even think to add this yeah I'm flabbergasted and my day is ruined. It doesn't look that bad. Are you sure? Oh thank you. Dear clove, apple here to the [ __ ] burger. Is that a fruit plate? Look at this chunk of Apple go ahead. You look, get a bite with everything in it. Like I. Did okay get one with the cheese, the Apple chicken, the pecan. This to me is just a big like wow and then on top of it, you got pomegranate vinaigrette to complicate the flavors you or more, it's just wrong who's. Looking for those flavors in a drive-thru yeah, that's yeah yeah that one's not good good. That actually might be the worst mmm worse than the Domino's one. That seems hard to believe. It's not I would rather heat the Domino's than that right. I couldn't eat that I couldn't eat it. Well. If there was a gun in my head and they say choose so so the I think the Domino's is worth so. The notes is the Domino's, the Taco Bell and the Wendy's oh I forgot about Taco Bell's doors. Talk about. Is that inedible, yeah yeah, you really I will not be actually I'd rather be executed and I. Think the clear winner was chick-fil-a, chick-fil-a, incredible and then second was McDonald's yeah, but chick-fil-a is actually the clear winner here, damn yeah. So if you're looking for a good fast food, salad, chick-fil-a is God. I've gone, you don't think that's the worst one I mean look. How you recoil to talk about the worst I mean yeah, thought about. Looks the worst I'll give you that, so that's it! We did it. Oh that's it! Those are the salads. If any. If we missed anybody, sorry you know: could we have missed KFC? Maybe I think Ian did a pretty thorough job. Yeah I think we got all the big guys. All the all the big boys I personally learned a lot. I think that um, what's their name, chick-fil-a chick-fil-a solid, is something I would go for. That's the chick! Oh sorry, this you pointed to the wrong one. You even know that was the McDonald's yeah I would order the chick flick. Well, I'm, not going to chick flame buying salad, let's be honest, but if you brought that to me, I would eat it. Yeah and again it's like you're going to McDonald's like you couldn't get a burger and fries. Are you gonna get a [, __ ], sad ass, salad I mean ultimately it's still strange to that option even exists, because if you really care about getting a salad, go somewhere house, true, but somehow I think you buy. Oh, where can you get a salad on a drive-thru right? That's true! That's very true! Leela! Finally, there you go there, you have it folks. In summary: Wendy's and Taco Bell and Burger King and Arby's have truly wha failed in a way that makes me want to die and will ruin my week. Mcdonald's has elevated the game of fast-food salads. They are come and hittin it on all cylinders, but ultimately it was chick-fil-a who prevailed rise to the top with their spicy chicken slices Santa, fake, creamy spicy ranch all the way to Valhalla when it hits your mouth, it's a little spicy, it's a little creamy, it's a little delicious and at the end of the day, you're gonna be saying. Damn I wish I actually just had one of their sandwiches because ultimately you're going to fast food- and you don't want to anyway, but if somebody brought it to you or force you eat it, you'd be like that was pretty good. I feel like that. Blue cheese is not sitting well already, I'm telling you from the one bite yeah, you can't put blue cheese in a fast food. All right Wendy's gets nothing little douche of the Year award winner. No it it may not been him. The worst technically a liberal douche of the year Bobby's wallet he wha he in every time he dropped poor wallet. Let me look at this. Oh it's like a little holder, but it's like a little. That's a pretty cool I! Think it's! What a Ridge I think he's sponsored yeah I, won't know what their sponsor says: use co tiger belly, who do you work for huh dance pump, the hell out of here use code h3, even though I don't have a sponsorship with them, so poor Bobby. He sat down for one second to sing our praises and he drops his wallet. I want an honest feedback from the audience. Are these really watchable? Cuz I cannot believe you always ask that and they always say they like it you're the funny one Amen sir though you're the they want they like it. Look at this. You look. Do I need to prove this to you. Look at the last one we did was chick chick fil-a, verse, Popeyes, h3, podcast. Okay, let me prove this to you. This last one got and I'm just gonna open this here, really good thumbnail in 600,000 views. The highlight Wow Popeyes, yes and I'll. Watch you right out. I, don't give a [ __ ] Wow, yeah people like it. Okay, Wow, well, I, better wrap this up cuz my feeling windows coming closed, I'm, not kidding my stomach kind of hurts, dude I can't believe you didn't say: Wendy's was the worst [ __ ] buckets of bleu cheese, tear dome from a try for the window. Dude, it's so gnarly. I got a bunch of stuff here leftover, but ultimately, let's just talk about actually I want to talk about D&amp;D, Dumb and Dumber. The makers of of Game of Thrones who ruined the show they rushed through the final season to go, make a Star Wars to make a Star Wars trilogy. They basically were handed the next Star Wars trilogy that takes place after this story arc. That's wrapping up, you know and they got so much hate for the way that they absolutely ruined Game of Thrones. Worst writing, possibly I've ever seen on television I mean all these beautiful story. Arcs that were marinated over the course of many years were left they just they were just rotting at Wendy's, rotting, yeah from from ripened to to rotting overripe Wow. They went nowhere and free folk is a subreddit dedicated to hating on dumb and dumber and Game of Thrones final season, and so I wanted to share some these memes with you. This is a really high level, so they were fired from Star Wars. The Maus sends his regards obviously a reference to the red wedding. That's dumb and dumber they weren't fired. Apparently they were fired. Well, no I thought they left because they're beautiful according to free folk, they were fired, but then it's they got picked up for by Netflix for 300 million dollars to them, and that does make sense they. Let me one show they're, making good writers rumor 300 million mm-hmm. Well, it's not confirmed, but either way. According to that story, they take with the Star Wars because they're afraid they won't have enough time to actually do it right, that's the official line, but with these things you know well yeah. You can't work for Disney and Netflix yeah. It's like they. They already butchered like everyone's favorite series like they're you're, not gonna, I, don't know I feel like these guys should never work again and I'll. Tell you what I guarantee that whatever they make for Netflix will be hot garbage, because they have proven that without source material they are truly horrific. Writers I mean really awful at the developing characters and continuing dog the arcs that george RR martin set out. They didn't even try and I'm I'd if they won't, if they make this show for networks, dude and they're, paying them 300 million dollars. You know it's gonna, be some crazy. High budget high fantasy [ __ ] they're gonna try to make some their own version of Game of Thrones MMH I like but I. Don't want these knuckleheads doing it because they are gonna ruin it. If they try to write this thing, I just pray. They hire some good writers. If these guys, if these guys attempt to write it, it's gonna be awful terrible thoughts. Ela I feel like in the beginning. Maybe they were good right because they, when they translated to move the books into the show. So first, if you watch beginning first season, it's a completely different show. The last one it was. The pacing was incredible, so I think maybe they're good at that part. Well, I, don't know people well clearly, I mean Jordan. Rr martin was involved in the early seasons as a producer and a consultant and as George left the show and they ran out of source material. It just turned into like a goddamn like Jackie, Chan movie and I. Actually, that's a disservice to Jackie Chan more like a jean Vlad Claude, a movie. You know what I mean it was just all. There was nothing value: Jon Vlad, clad am next vlog, maybe John Vlad its jean-claude van clock. What are you uh? Jean-Claude mega fan, jean-claude van damme Jean, flawed goddamn, John, Claude, Van, Damme, Jean, Claude, Claude, Van Damme, jean-claude Clyde am: can that guy change his [ __ ] name you're four names like hyphenated together idiot anyway, bum bum, but you say what is racist? Is it its Bamba, Claude racist I? Don't know when you even know her when you find out nd yeah what it ran up. Realizing, D and E are at a star wars. Realizing the game of thrones was ruined for nothing. I thought it was gonna, be Netflix, hired them for 300 million, but that's true also when you realize the game of thrones got rushed out for nothing. People say: I. Look like this image and I happen to agree. It's Pablo Escobar when your character, art got rushed because the writers wanted to do a film series which they ended up not doing off to work tomorrow with the knowledge we won't have to suffer. I D&amp;D Star Wars trilogy. That's good I, like that, like like, like like, like that David and whatever exited a deal with Lucas Films, to produce a new Star Wars trilogy delicious. Finally, some good [, __ ] content I, don't get that one dad you've never seen that Gordon Ramsay mean before well. If you're not familiar with that, then it's not gonna, make sense to you so go ahead and explain it to me, damn it normally. It says. Finally, some good [ __ ] food huh yeah, because the subreddit was stale, but because this happened now oh I see okay, I, see, I, see, I, see, okay. That makes it free folk carrying that Netflix hired DMD, fruitful, carrying Disney, fired dandy, yeah well kind of stupid kind of stupid idea. Well done on that. One Zach fold that one up from the security well I certainly look forward to seeing how they ruin. There's no way. These guys have only made one show and I'm just telling you this how'd, you get a 300 million dollar deal, they don't even have credentials. I mean they make Game of Thrones but good by the grace of Georgia our Martin. Do they walk those guys literally made the I? Think the writing of that last season was just I mean there was none. There was none. I agree I feel like there is some credit in the beginning, yeah, but yeah. The last season was just no sane, I mean the first season was just so amazing. It was just so well done with Eddard and the development of all the character is an introduction. I mean it was just, it was just so well done. Well, let's see what they got. Three hundred million dollars, Netflix I, have a feeling. You're gonna, big Lee, regret that and finally, we've got popular streamer a shroud another huge twitch streamer has jumped the sinking ship of twitch and is going over to mixer, yes, I said sinking, ship twitch is totally screwed shroud has a twitch following of seven million and in 2019 he had a record high hours watched a total of fifteen million in February and currently already has around 580 thousand 508, sir. You say his name, shrewd, like the wait, because I don't know well I mean I may have met before I've seen his name before I've. Just seen, people say shroud, so you want to watch his announcement. Video yeah. These guys are good at making announcement videos to get a vehicle doing. [, __, ] I, really wonder what my busy busy getting but shrouded in ninja are like the two biggest names on Twitch. So it's got to be a heavy blow man, so sick yeah, that's the gag No, hey Mike yeah. What should do you in I make a move and he misses you: oh hi, Benji bunny, good, laps, I, like it so they're, certainly trying man mixer, making a good effort out there yeah you know it's which immediately unpardonable, that's their petty little [ __ ] I hate twitch they, but every time they say that it was a mistake right. So why does it keep happening because they're [ __ ], petty little [, __ ] as I said, there's nothing wrong with sucking [ __ ] by the way, because I say Cox, I cook a lot I think sucking [, __, ], awesome and I love every time. I get a [, __ ] I think is the best okay, I think I think on the planet. I mean just to be clear: cuz I by myself, saying I'm like that's, not derive mean that's, not really derogatory. So it's a good thing that Twitter [, __ ] I will be I mean if somebody sucking my [ __ ] they're, my favorite person on the planet. At that moment, so they're not [, __ ] I. Take that back. What are they? They're? Douches douches, isn't necessarily bad easy, say vagina or yeah, and that's good form and that's good, so they're scum see that seems too vulgar too serious. Anal fissures mmm anal fissure I, like that, that's pretty graphic! How do you get an anal fissure? You get [ __ ] in the ass too many times you get blocked too many times improper. Well, that you know figures when your large intestine falls out your ass? No, that's! Not that's a pro! Oh! So, what's the figure? It's a cut on your [ __ ]! Why is it called a fissure dramatic? Are you sure has that happened to you Zach? No! No! No! Why do you know what a no closure is? I, don't know, I just hear it throughout the years. Yeah sure is a small tear in the thin moist tissue that lines the anti-love moist. So there you go. Okay, anal fissures! That's hard, enlarged stools during a bowel movement. So how are you probably you wouldn't know if you had a exact you've had an anal fissure? Never, no! No! You know what they do for an occasion. You know what they do. You go in surgery with your legs up in the air who don't know it's had an anal feature I'm. Not so why do you know about the procedure? I know someone that had this surgery? Okay, who I'm not gonna, say okay, so, but you you're close to this, so they you put your you put your legs in the air and then what they literally cut around your [ __, ] and flip it. So they give you like a new house that sounds wrong ever heard. Bro they give you a new. It's like an inside out [ __, ] I could do that. So I got a facelift. It's like the hassle version. That's fake I'm dead, hey flips, your [ __ ]. They flip with bigger [ __ ]. Are you gonna? Do I'm gonna flip your [ __ ], yeah yeah? You know your [ __, ] and balls are in the air and they give you a new [ __ ]. Do they cover your genitals or they just out I, don't know I! Guess that's the fear like the doctor and when you were in the office getting that procedure done. Did they cover your genital I? Have never had any I would admit if I hadn't, you would I believe Ian. Have you had no future you're staying quiet? Not that I'm aware. Does it hurt when you poop nope so far, so good I, never poop I only pee have you ever had hemorrhoids go ahead. Ian answer the question: oh you're, talking to me. Well, I! Guess everyone I thought that was a question. - Ethan -, oh I've, never had hemorrhoids. Do you know I have my [ __ ] Bree I'm, trying to read about the surgery yeah you trying to verify that [ __ ] Ian's accent, so it's on Wikipedia. So what they do is flip your [ __ ], yes, I stared that usually comes from passing large. All hard stools. Right, mmm you turning me honey! Look! Okay! We carried the Metamucil anyway, a shroud joined mixer and I did wait for Allah to I. Don't know sacks flippin, [, __, ] and I got all excited. It's fascinating. It is fun. It is fascinating. Shroud is on mixer. He immediately lost his partnership. Twitch stripped him of his verified partner badge and his channel stops showing up on the site, search how about that a spokesman for twitch told verge that he disappeared from the search as a result of a bug I like that. They confirmed that it happened. But there say I was a bug: let's not forget how, when they dropped me out of their partner program, when I went back to YouTube that they made me sign up again to get paid and I told him. The [ __ ] yeah idiots those guys really not a burner, but they said it was because of a bug. Yes, I mean I, just went to twitch and type shroud and he's still not showing on well so Bob. It's a bug, I think! Well, you know in theory, they're just trying to make him disappear because I don't want anyone going over to mixer doctor disrespect has a different take on the old mixer thing and if I'm gonna be honest with you I sense a little bitterness in the docs response, because he has been shrouded in controversy. That includes filming people in the bathroom and cheating. On his wife and I think that mixer possible, perhaps would have come to him with a juicy offer, but that he was passed over because of his controversies and I. Think that easy, but I would never move the mixer trust me it's stupid right now they probably have maybe a total forty to fifty thousand concurrent viewers across the entire platform right now, currently on twitch right now, currently across the entire platform, concurrent 1.5 million concurrent view well, I think competitions, great they're gonna have to make better terms for everybody. Once a mixer keeps siphoning off people, guess what doctor you're, probably going to get better terms from twitch to attract people to stream their they twitch had out total monopoly on streaming. So always gettin right with you ya know that blues right, though there was a little a little bit of bitterness, that's voice there. There's more! So you tell me you step into my face and say: yeah they're, making big moves. No they're, not right, like I, have double the amount of viewers that ninja has right now and I'm. Still in my intro right reality check those moves, they're not doing anything for the platform, you can't pay for a community. You can't buy viewership. It's right here. Did the twitch community it's built on video games, it's built on communities, so get your flappy gums, I'm, sick and tired of seeing it I'm sick of hearing about it play it. [ __, ] play goddamn. Private I know he's disagreeing with you, but he's the best he's so [ __ ]. Funny. Sorry yeah, who said? Are you thinking? Well, it's interesting to see I. Think what's gonna happen with everyone. I like the competition, twitch yeah I mean look, twitch is suck stay as a platform are complacent, they have a monopoly and they suck as a their policy suck they're bitter. They have Amazon money they're, not often enough yeah, it's run by like a 20 year old, but a bunch of 20 year olds, and you know people anyone who's watching this who, from twitch I mean I all the people I worked with from twitch are super nice great people. This is the higher up kind of thing. I. Think great I think it's great for them: I'm, happy for them and I'd love to see where mixer goes and I think competition's awesome! That's what I think you know back in the day, there was a point where YouTube was concerned, that what was that one platform that went under that was giving everyone crazy lucrative deals. No, it was something that gave exclusive access for like a week on their platform, totally blanking, but yeah. They were giving out these insane millions of dollars to creators just supposed to content they're exclusively for a week before, and actually one had a business from handing out too much money. But YouTube was getting so worried about this potential competition that they were offering elevated CPMs to creators. They were giving huge packages to people to stay on their platform and not sign up with this. So I'm saying these companies have a lot to lose they're making hands over fist shitloads of money, and we only have to gain from increased competition, better terms, better conditions, bigger piece of the pie. You know what I'm saying choice is good. That's what the free market is all about. Honestly, yeah right, Dan, honestly right, do you hurt me? Well, that's it! You want to watch them. How long we've been going far you've been going for many hours to the minute. We've got to fill the dr. Phil, cz and cheese. Burrito regulars, yeah, I'll, save this for next week or on Friday I mean right. Are you with that being said guys it's a beautiful Tuesday, oh, and also we don't find this. What happens in the surgery? Yeah that whole inverted anus is questionable. Zak, you got it. You know what Zach here's, what I want from you on Friday I want you to put together a report on anal fissure procedure. I want the facts, because that sounds totally wild and I want to know that. That's actually the thing there are oh go ahead: that's it! Okay, you've got an assignment, but like there's YouTube videos what else? Okay, you know what you're you're in college in you put together a report on you? No, no, no I don't want you involved because you're gonna muddy the waters and I mean that not water yeah muddy than [ __ ], yes, okay, but Ian. Well-Marked into this, you will put together a partial report. That's your job! Now, as a salaried employee, you are for the show on what how do we fix anal fissure? What do we do as a doctor to fix that address that issue? I? Can I go nope Zach you go to school. You focus understand. I, have to give testimony of what exactly I just found a little bit of detail and I. Don't think zach is right. There's no way. What do you mean here? I'll? Let you read it because I have trouble. Reading this you sending it to me. Yeah here we go. The procedure entails four steps: gently whoa. This is graphic gently dilate. The anus with special retractors say that lis. That means you're putting in like you're putting a pearl spreaders. Yes, right now that [ __ ] damn clean out the fissure, with a cure to curettage, to stimulate healing so you're cleaning the wound, cauterized the wound, with electricity to seal the wound, injecting some kind of steroid into the figure to promote healing. So at what point do you cut the anus and flip it all all I know is the person that got it done their aim. Is you go back to them and ask them more about that? Okay? Why would you cut the anus and flip it because I think I think it depends on the severity of it, but the fissures in the intestine? Well, it's kind of on the medium ground of the [ __ ]. Is this person close to you? Is this some of you? Yes, okay, so ask them for more details on this procedure: okay and Ian. If you and your research can find any procedure in which the anus is flipped, I'd like to hear about it all right, I'm on it, hmm sounds kind of sexy gently dilate, the anus, with special retractors, clean out the fissure and I from the person that told me this I do know the pain after the surgery is excruciating. Well, you know it too much about this person is in your family, your immediate family I'm, not making anything. Yes, yes, it's definitely someone in your immediate family, it's Zack I would come clean. There's I'd have no problem with saying I have authorized the wound. Exe writes into the Fisher. Damn now that the procedure they had done was like 15 years ago. So maybe it's different. Now it's different well cutting of the anus and flipping it sounds like you need some new technology. That's high level. All I know is the pain after firm described is the worst pain you will ever feel in your life. It's the most pain I've ever felt I mean you will ever feel I. Never had it. Alright, we're wrapping it up. Hit me with that music. Alright, we're done the music well guys, that's another episode of pure entertainment, education drama and everything in between we've learned a lot. We've learned a lot: we've come far. We've got a table of salads here and a queasy stomach thanks to the blue cheese from Wendy's. Boo wins douche bag of the century award for making us salad at a drive-thru restaurant with blue cheese. Well, how psycho do you get and I? Thank you all for watching this H fruit podcast. It's been a joy, a privilege and the privilege of my life I, don't know what I just said to entertain you, because I was born to entertain it's my calling and purpose and I come before you as your humble servant, to make to give meaning to your life and purpose and, frankly speaking, I am I. Am the new Jesus yeah and the spirit of Kayne I am Jesus Christ, who doesn't believe in Christian values and regularly masturbates and what's on Christ like I, drink I, don't use drugs that much anymore, but I have I, have what's on Christ I'm, just saying what is on Christ like that I. Do then? What it was what me gluttony big time, that's a big one! Thank you, and that is a big one. Literally sloth. Sloth well I need a wrathful, sometimes a lot of pride. Yes, what are they all the sins? I think you might tick them all. Well, most! Isn't that less? Well, not that much! Oh I am married. Happily, what who are you guys to judge me? Let's do this? You can judge unless, lest you be judged you little [ __ ]. How dare you judge me? Your Lord I'm just kidding I'm, just a fat [, __ ] feeding window even I, apparently killed Jesus according to Trisha -. So that's not that's literally, not christ-like of me and what else is there to say you guys anyone else got anything I saw people were saying that you get angry at me at the end of the show Dan. Do you think that that's a fair assessment? Did you see that comment? No suppose the people who someone was wondering why Dan gets so angry at Ethan at the end of the show, it's not anger its frustration. Why are you frustrated because I'm, try and elegantly end the show and and no matter how hard I try it's just it doesn't even matter. Does anyone like that song? No [Music] Zach likes that song, but in the end it doesn't even matter we just got claimed. Should I cut us out, yes, I mean Danny. I mean it's up to you, man. What's the right, everybody spare me please yeah [Music].