[Music] welcome everybody to the h3. Podcast I want to say, live, but it's actually not live. This is our first not live episode since, like episode, 20 and the reason for that is that we've made a, we have got the wonderful and beautiful talented ever the mr. beast. Let's start there I told him I'd sue him. It feels live. Yeah I haven't seen the N word, I, just didn't yeah, no I totally understand yeah yeah, so we're going we're not live for the purpose of being able to edit Jimmy. Now, that's not true. It was here on an off day and we we we had. We actually have like a tight schedule, so we're gonna Bank this app and you guys are gonna, see it in two weeks. So, if there's like some catastrophic event that happens between now and two weeks that we don't mention, that's why sorry about that guys, yeah we camera user and we're so sorry to all the all the tragedy and our hearts go out to everybody that we didn't was the fact yeah, that's impressed everybody. Today's episode is sponsored by quick, calm ring and stamps.com Jimmy, Donaldson, otherwise known as mr. piece on YouTube known for his over-the-top stunts feats and donation, I love hearing how people describe it. You go you like how did I scrub you good? Well, yeah, you described yourself fool. It was just different every single time, like literally no one says the same thing, you do a lot you're all over the place. Actly! Yes, so, like you could literally pick anything like five different videos and they're all different I would say: I would mostly describe you for over-the-top stunts. I. Think that that describes yeah an overarching thing, over-the-top stunts, I kind of like that. One trying to think like a MTV show yeah. What's something we did. You know that we did well, it wasn't a stunt. It's standing spending 24 hours in a desert is that a stunt I feel like that's a stunt. Okay. Well, then, you might just solve my problem. I've never been to the stunt has a weird notation: it's giving a hundred thousand dollars to a homeless, shelter stunt I think so because it doesn't I see we're not like a negative. Yes, if we take either is maybe a slight negative cause of the word for the stunt. If we remove that your showman, your gomen yeah, it's so men, that's it I've always went over the top gags yeah there we go so anyway. So what's up good man, thank you for coming here. Yep, it's great to see you're out here from North Carolina right. Yes, so I filmed something yesterday and then I have another thing: I have to film on Monday. So it's like for the people listening, it's Saturday, so you just fill it up the time and I just chilling, yeah nice. How do you like LA compared to it's like honestly? The weather has been crazy, like just how nice it is cuz in North Carolina. It was freezing and I like to walk I'm, just really random. So, like three months a year in North, County I can't walk, but if I lived here, I would like good I wish all year long yeah well I'm jealous. Well, that's what you know: that's what we pay 50% taxes here for yeah and more for rent and employees and everything yeah like oh I, have a warehouse that we film out of and like if I had that same warehouse here, it would be like probably like eight times the cost per month. Okay, so you probably have a huge warehouse that you shoot stuff exactly yeah. So let me put it in perspective. Cuz I am actually I, think you're right, like it would cost like $50,000 I, think you're right, yeah, big warehouses like that are only used by like huge fulfillment factories yeah and they like maximize every square foot exactly yeah, so that in and of itself is just not feasible, and then all the employees would be more and in my office, space and stuff I, just like I think broke yeah. What you, what you've built kind of reminds me of dude, perfect in a sense that you're doing like these big stunts, there's a bunch of crew and a ton of space they're, also like in the South right or more open, I have no idea honestly, I mean they're like, but there's this kind of like the same. For the most part, you know sports-related we're just like whatever yeah. No, it's sure they also have like a huge warehouse just to put in perspective this office. Here we pay 3,000 a month for um, that's actually pretty good, I, think so yeah. So it's like two rooms, mm-hmm yeah, but in North Carolina, like a seven room office like is only like 1800 a month. So what do you pay for? A rent? Can I ask that I'm just curious what I mean that's one of ours, your house like? What's your? What do you I have no idea honestly, my mom got it for me. Oh this, oh that's, sweet I, like the more we talked, the more you realize, I like I, do YouTube and that's about it. You know I kind of like I like to delegate stuff to other people, so I can focus on it. We were talking about that before we started. Recording and I was asking about your shirt and TV yeah yeah and I was like, oh, that, like vintage, but it looks new. That's a cool shirt. Yeah. Just ask me. Questions about my shirt and I was like I didn't buy this I also had someone do shopping for me, I suck at fashion I, literally suck at anything I'm, not YouTube, I thought that was really interesting, that you have like a stylist. Basically you you outsource everything. That's not video making in your life kind, like I, mean at the moment since we're blowing up it's optimal. To spend the time doing that yeah we know. Do you have a housekeeper someone who takes care? They blimey I, just yeah [, __, ], yeah, dude, yeah, mom yeah, but no I think what's cool about it. Is that you from the beginning, you're kind of treating it like business right right? That was 12, making, minecraft videos, I guess not from the beginning, yeah I know Jimmy and, like once I started yeah. It was like two years ago: I got my first employee and then from there just snowballed, yeah, but I think it's really mean ela is starting to realize this. It's so smart when you have money and you're super busy their own. The best thing, a lot of people I see buying expensive clothes and cars and houses and doing [ __ ]. The best thing you can do with your money is buy yourself more time. Oh yeah, exactly just by how basic, if you can free an hour of your own time of day by paying someone to do something whatever amount. That is it's worth it. Well, if you're a youtuber like it's kind of opportunity, cost I mean if it's right hundred dollars to free up a few hours that you can put towards a video and you're pulling millions of views. I mean it's like a no-brainer, just yeah, exactly it's opportunity, cost yeah. So you figured out something that took us so long, a much longer time generation of youtubers who do it all themselves? Great, yes, yeah. That was the attitude. When we came up. It was like all you like all exactly don't have any tears or, and that's what I edited like my first, like eight hundred videos, myself and I, remember like thinking. Ah, no one will ever be able to match my style, all that other crap everyone says, but then you get an editor and it's like I was stupid, like. Why was I doing right, it's one of those things where cuz like you could put that time into making your next video. That's what I tell every youtuber that edits our videos, like I, mean I, haven't been able to find an editor, although actually I found some really good editors. But my problem is that I'm super inconsistent. We were my post yeah but part time. Editors, mm-hmm, I, kept [, __ ], it's so hard people need I could actually show you like. When you get a new editor, you just wanna the first video to edit. You just literally want to sit behind them and watch them and just critique them, and you want to do that a few times and after a while they just get the rhythm of your style. Yeah, like you just do like a couple reviews before they go live you 100%, should it makes no sense for you to edit your own videos, yeah I, know, but I do it's such a shame, I think like not on the podcast, though well, when we had like on the main channel yeah. Oh I did edit a couple of the podcasts. The first episodes myself with five cameras. Bro is the worst. We always quit the podcast yeah. Well, you got a solid crew out there. Now there they are they're, truly the best San in and Zak yeah. What uh? What juicy stuff do you have planned for us any any fun? This is it yeah? This is juicy yeah I'm juicing up, okay, I'm gonna bucket a slime for 24 hours right now. There I would not recommend that I give me a rash, really yeah what kind of rash we talking about. Like literally like on my chest and stuff, it took like two weeks ago, I yeah. No, that was terrible. It was freezing and I mean, like I, had to pee in the slime too, because I can leave oh yeah, so so you're almost like when you pee in slime, it's almost like it doesn't really go away from you. Does it yeah I, don't want to talk about it, I would never do. Did you fit in the slide? No! No. That would be too funny like right before I got it. I did so. I didn't have to worry about it. That's good yeah! It's uh! Sometimes, like you start a challenge. Thinking it's not gonna, be as hard you're like you're already halfway through so you're like I, might as well [ __ ] finish. You know my last 12 hours yeah, but if you could tell yourself you'd be like yeah, you probably shouldn't do that yeah yeah, but that's that's your craft man yeah! Just what's art, that's how like literally half my challenges go like I, think they're easier than they are, but then I get so far into it. I'm. Like might as well finish, yeah, it kind of sucks yeah, but the year suffering is entertaining is the beauty of the whole damn thing and yeah yeah I mean you have the best mr. B's, the video of the beast, the beauty. Oh, the beauty of the bees. Oh, is that my mom okay, my mom sure to take shredder away so didn't like that joke yeah. It's not your first video. That kind of like correct me. If I'm wrong, are you gonna count to a hundred thousand that took off right? Yes, everyone always says that I, don't know why I just what was your first big video I thought that was the big one. I mean there's so many ones here and there, but yeah. That was how worst one like really big one yeah in the YouTube community cuz. Everyone was kind of like slightly clowning on me for doing it, but like 50% of people like wow that took a lot of effort, he has Drive and then other people were just like what a [ __ ] idiot right most but they're, both true kind of yeah yeah. No, it doesn't bother me yeah, so I remember like faze clan, like in one of their blogs, like all the phase members were like reacting to it, which puts in perspective because, like I hang out with them a lot now, but back then I was like holy crap yeah he's clean I got my video and stuff like that yeah. So it's like it's crazy because now, actually they they compete. In a lot of my videos like the last move circle in the barrel, that's funny you probably grew up watching youtubers and wanting to be one because you're doing like Minecraft and literally like from 12 to now, like I mean all I did, is YouTube. Actually a lot of people. I hang out with a lot of my friends like they always make movie references and stuff like I, literally just grew up on YouTube and I, haven't seen. So it must be really like kind of a magical surreal thing to become a youtuber. Well you're like a top-tier, youtuber yeah, exactly no, it is cuz. It's like it's hard because I know like 99.99% of people. Listening, don't really know my past and stuff like that, so they wouldn't be able to imagine it, but it's like I mean yeah 12, 13, 14, fifteen sixteenths, I'm grinding YouTube, everyday, not getting anywhere 1718 things start happening, 1920 I blow up, but it's like there's so many times where I went to bed I'm, just like am I just wasting all my time. You know like I, never thought I'd blow up well: you're young you're, a young dude, with a bunch of ambition from a young age like yeah. So in your case you you put so much time and effort and energy and it's nice because you started at an age where you didn't really have anything to lose. Yeah. Well, I didn't even know you can make money and you know yeah I was just doing it because I really wanted to do it. So that's what I like if I'm patting myself on the back, just that I've just done it did you ever have to get a real job? No I've! Never I was I. Was this opposed to working out hard he's one time because I'm wanting money to like buy more equipment and stuff, but then I started making a little more cuz, I I, remember I used to make like a dollar a day off. My channel me I, just save it up for months and then I bought like a microphone and things like that good times, I remember: uh yeah, we I remember making my first hundred because you can take it out. You got a hundred and I made a video of me on the [ __ ], with my thought, without pants, but my fat thighs covering everything and and YouTube D monetized. It I think they age-restricted it. Oh [, __ ] back then was so weird. The monetization probably wasn't a thing back. Then it was age restriction, yeah, yeah, that's how those were the best days. Weren't they yeah. Oh, my god. You have to really sit naked on a toilet. Do you get him on it? Dude I've missed those days. There was no like Oh am I gonna get demonetized like unless you didn't show your dick unblurred. You were gonna, make it's honestly kind of insane to think how unrestricted it was, because you could and one day sign up a new channel and then be making money from it. Yeah like that is kind of unfathomable, and people have literally re uploaded videos and stuff like that. No one cares well, and there was probably a problem with like people putting Isis videos and like child pornography and [ __ ] like that and then putting ads on it. So you know there was four. There was probably a need for some reform, but for demonisation- oh of course yeah I mean like. If not we wouldn't make a fraction. Will you make now? But it's a it. It's like you know so media's new I. Think a lot of people forget so like a lot of people would hate on YouTube, but you gotta fail for the most part to learn dude. I, my feelings on youtube are very ambivalent, because I complain about YouTube a lot less now, yes, but they what they do every day and what they've achieved is so freakin insane, and let us remember that they pay creators. Fifty five percent of their earnings since they started putting since they started this program and they have not been profitable, maybe up until like only a year ago, yeah. So it's not like Netflix membership or office and they're like it went up from 12 to we take more now sucker yeah I. Don't think they would ever do that, but to be fair, like I, think part of alphabets stock valuation, like 150 billion of it, isn't like towards YouTube. Last time, I read so like they've made the money back through stock, even though they're not mappable, and a lot of nonprofit II is through the account with you. You're, like a number, you don't understand, [ __, ], yeah I was that about. Are you uh? If you went to college, what wouldn't you have studied? Well, I was going for like our tea break, we went to call you Leafly for two weeks, yeah and then I stopped going and I didn't tell my mom for a little bit and then counted a hundred thousand, because I was like is when I stopped going I just like I had no future out. So you do so you stopped and then did the hundred thousand you did. The thousand and I think it was after I was like I was like literally like I gotta make this work, so I was like I was doing. Everything I could like. Was that a tough time in your life cuz? It sounds like there was a lot of friction between like what you wanted out of life and the expectations of the people around you. Like my mom yeah yeah, no I mean my mom is nice. She actually loves me, but it's funny. Cuz she's like she had to act. Tough and she's like go to college or move out, and so then I moved out after that. But that's like she's super nice. That's a tough position to be in as a parent, like you, gotta appreciate exactly. She just wants me to be successful. So, like I, understand and like she's like so nice. It's funny like that. She like acted Stern like you, have you know, but yeah, and then it was. It was just interesting, but I was like I was so motivated, like I mean I would stay up all night, just thinking of ideas like lots of times and stuff like that. So like it just I, don't know I I'm glad I did it cuz like without it I just wouldn't have had the time and just uh. Well, you just don't have anything else, you just you just go hard. You know what I mean I, don't know how else to put it know what I mean yeah well, when I was um, it's a beautiful age dude, because you there's nothing. You can just commit yourself to something like later in life like when I started, doing YouTube I had a day job and helos in school, and but didn't that drive that you have at the beginning is like endless. I had the drive, but I didn't have endless time. Yeah right, no I think about what drive is the drive is what matters and I guess is true, because you you make the time, but when I was your age, I was playing video games 15 hours a day and I. Remember thinking like I try to pick up those games now: mm-hmm I, don't the [ __ ] time to enjoy this, because this is that beautiful time in your life yeah when you're like 13, no I, agree Aventine, when you can just commit fifteen hours a day to something yeah I think most Americans to have that kind of time, and they just like they just convinced themselves in the head. They don't you know what I mean like so good. You can mentally procrastinate like crazy, like I, can spend an hour on the couch on my phone and then be like [, __, ], yeah I think anything done today. Why busy all day you know like yeah, you really. Anyone listening to this probably spends an hour plus a day on Instagram and Twitter, and you cut that out, like your life, would be no different like for the worse and you would have a free hour to like do whatever, but yeah it's just you gotta. You got to want something to do with that free hour, though yeah I actually speak since our time about the hustle I love when people like grind on YouTube for like a year or two and they're like oh, it's impossible and then well I'm, like that's rookie numbers since we're on the subject, you know absolutely for I mean that's rookie numbers for any pursue right, like the people that you know, there's been channels that blow up like immediately super big and as um. Maybe you've noticed this almost every time that they fall off like pretty quickly too I mean leafies like the classic example. Yes, someone that, like blew up super [, __, ] fast, trying to think who else I know what you're talk up alai. Don't I don't want to like yeah you don't I, don't want to name names, yeah, your channel's [, __, ], dead yeah, but some people blow up and stay blown up. Well, four is killing it. Of course. No that happens a lot too yes, but to the people that blow up immediately and stable up [ __ ] them yeah. But it's true. If you're, if you're doing anything, creative or trying to pursue anything, that requires like you to be more successful than a lot of other people competing to do the same thing you got to put in the time energy man yeah and you have to work smarter, not harder. I mean some people. I I, say this analogy a lot, but it since we're on the topic. I think for most smaller channels like if they're pulling a thousand views of video and they upload a video every day for a hundred days. They'll pull hundred thousand views, but I would recommend you just think of a really good idea, one that people genuinely want to watch put a lot of [ __ ] time into the video, and you could pull a hundred thousand views in a week. You kind of see what I'm saying is I've most people that I talked to because I like to counsel small channels, sometimes just get in the motions of just whatever you know, and it's just like. If you just took a step back, I haven't even upload in the last week, I don't care, you know it's not like it's that big of a deal like and you just make a kick-ass video like you could like pull exponentially. So many more views. You know with so much less effort. You know yeah, it's interesting, there's. Definitely if there's different approaches that, like PewDiePie, who does you know daily his format is something that's kind of hard to duplicate. To be honest, well, I mean he's yeah, it's pretty incredible. What he's achieved on his channel, but then I think there's a big craving now on YouTube that I'm noticing for people for high quality, long-form content, where before I feel like maybe a year or two ago, the people are NSP. What was favoring, at least in the algorithm, possibly yeah, just frequent ten-minute uploads every day you know yeah, partly I, don't know if that many people were doing long-form super high quality content. That was the thing I. Think it's more than you like is the whole big budget type videos and I've seen it start to pop up a lot. More recently, yeah yeah, so it's like it's because like if someone the way I like to look at it like, if, if someone does put a lot of time into a video and a lot of money and all this stuff like, of course, it's gonna get more views than if someone just like does a Q&amp;A on their couch. So yeah like when people say like well, why are long-form videos that are, you know, really high production all of a sudden doing? Well now, it's cuz like it's more interesting like if you only have 15 minutes, you're gonna, invest it in the big video, not this little one that just they mumble and I guess the cynical part of people is like you would hope that it would get more views, but sometimes on YouTube. It's like dark magic. You never know what's actually gonna pop, but I mean certainly on the whole. People are gonna, want to watch yeah. Well, what yeah it depends. Yeah, they don't know how to package the contents yeah, that's a nice man, I'd, say I've. Seen that no it's not! It's not I've. Seen video, really incredible! Videos of people doing long-form, like unbelievable feats like this one guy I saw he built a [, __ ] house, out of Orbeez and uh really and like that's, actually really Iceland yeah, where it was like negative. You know 50 degrees and he they built like these drywall and they put Orbeez in it, froze it salt and they remove it like that, and there was lights in the Orbeez and I was they did it clearly over the course of months, but it was shot like ass yeah. There was no like narrative, so you're saying it underperformed. It do to have like 50,000 views. Really, it was a very unfortunate was a low-performing video even for his channel and I. Think it's because he just there's no story. The packaging was bad. Yeah I'd have to look at him, but chances are like that. Have a video go viral, you need people need to watch it for a really long time and high-percentage need to click on it. So, yes, it sounds like people, it's long watched time and that's true you're right. It's really just a formula of of clicking and yeah watch. It I mean, like people overcomplicate the algorithm like if people click on your video and watch your video, what the [ __ ] else does YouTube want like they don't care about comments or likes now that matters, they don't know, click and watch yeah, that's a you're right. It really is that simple, yeah I know it's it's funny, because people tell me, oh there's an algorithm shift two months ago and this and that, like what are you going on about you don't like their core principles, have been the same for like the last six years. Mmm I want to I want to ask you some more questions after this commercial break? Oh okay, so we will be right back I've. Just I want to ask you about thumbnails and titles, because you are master of that and I love talking about yeah, so we'll be right back after this commercial break. That is actually instant for us, but takes only a couple minutes for you, because this is in life step you're brushing up to the next level with quip electric toothbrush. First of all, electric toothbrushes are the way you want to brush your teeth. That much has been established by the dentist by the dentist's forever, but here's the deal you get a vibrating toothbrush that packs a punch and a little tube like this starting at twenty-five dollars is gonna. Get you the vibration of a two hundred dollar toothbrush and here's the deal also I only use this quip and I'll. Tell you why the bristle heads are so soft, and so gentle on my gums. Ah dude I'm, a toothbrush connoisseur I, have bought dozens of softs head brushes, and this is among the very best because you can get everywhere. It doesn't hurt your gums. It gives you a perfect brush and that's an addition to it vibrating and then a pulsates and tells you when to switch sides to make sure you're getting that perfect two-minute brush that the dentists demand you get because, let's face it breath is the most important thing when it comes to mating. If you got stinky breath, if you got a nasty mouth, you never have a chance give this a shot. It starts at $25 this qyp electric toothbrush is gonna change and elevate, your brushing game, so it's backed by 20,000 dental professionals, but I endorsed it. So what the hell does it matter? What they think quip starts at just $25: go to get quick, comm /h through right now and you'll get a refill pack this and a little tube of toothpaste for free with a quip electric toothbrush, so give it a shot. Get your first refill pack free at GE, tqu, IP, comm, / h3y does life have to be so stressful. It's too complicated. We have too many responsibilities too many things to do. It could drive someone crazy. That's why it's so important to remain calm, stress and anxiety. Many people often feel exhausted during the day when it's time to go to bed, they can't even fall asleep. If you worry it's affecting your days and your nights, it's probably also affecting our health. That's why we've partnered with God that's calm, the number one app to help, reduce your anxiety and stress and help you sleep better. More than 40 million people around the world have downloaded. If you had to calm calm, /h 3 you're gonna get 25% off a comp premiums subscription, which includes guided meditations on issues like anxiety, stress and focus, including a brand new media and meditation everyday. They also have sleep stories which are bedtime stories for adults designed to help you relax. They even have soothing music and so right. Now, h3 listeners get 25% off a comp premiums subscription at Kham Kham / h3, that's e-a-l, m.com / h3 get unlimited access to all of calms content. Today, at com.com, / h3 get calm and pleased by by golly. Stop stressing give a show [Music] you're a busy person. Why on earth? Would you even consider going to the post office when you have futuristic options available to you like doing postage online? That's what stamps calm is all about one of the most popular time-saving tools for small businesses, Sam's comm eliminates trips to the post office and saves you money with discounts that you can't even get at the post office. You simply use your computer to print official US postage 24/7 for any letter, any package, any class of mail anywhere. You want to send once your mail is ready, you just hand it to your mail carrier or drop it in a mailbox. It's that simple. If you're, if you got big or small amounts of quantity they can handle whatever you got and with stamps time you get five cents off every first-class stamp and up to 40% off Priority Mail, that's a discount! You can't even get at the post office step. So comes a no-brainer. It saves you both time and money. It's no wonder that over 700 thousand small businesses already use stamps calm and if it doesn't get any better than that, my listeners get a special offer that includes four week, trial, plus free spa stitch and a digital scale without any long-term commitment, just go to stamps com click on the mogrify, no microphone at the top of the homepage at type h3 that stamps comm go to the top of the page where the microphone is, click that and enter h3 for this beautiful special offer enjoy. There's a couple of products that have literally changed my life and ring is one of them. I feel so much safer. So much more secure with the ring I have like 6 rings around my house, and it is just a lifesaver. What ring is, is they've got doorbells, they got spotlights they've got motion detectors. They got all these gadgets that have cameras on them. They've got two-way talking on them. It's got motion detectors. So if somebody approaches your house, you get a motion on your phone, real-time and then you watch it and here's the brilliant part about it. It zips it uploads that onto the Internet. So if one of these criminals is turning off the power or disconnecting anything, it already gets blasted up to the cloud you got their face. You've got the notification on your phone. No matter where you are in the world ring is a beautiful ultimate Prada that has literally transformed my life and I'm, so prettier than I love it. So much I cannot recommend enough great place to start is the ring doorbell, it's a doorbell with a camera and a two-way talking is ridiculous. So, but we also have a special offer for you here as a listener. You have a special offer for the ring starter kit available right now with a video, doorbell and motion-activated floodlight cam. That's enough to bring to build a ring of security around your home. That is impenetrable and you're. Gonna feel a heck, a lot more safe love. This product just go to ring.com /h flu. That's ring comm / h3, give it a shot. I mean this is phenomenal stuff here guys give it a shot for Christ's sake. Welcome back everybody I, really like that company man they're great off dude, their brand mm-hmm super strong, I'm gonna, buy it yeah. You should thank you and use the code. H3 well do for whatever it was on the screen. Sometimes it's not that so you I could tell looking at your videos you're a thumbnail thumbnail man yeah someone some in art, it's some in our athletes. Come in our thumbnail. Tell me about your: do you have a philosophy when it comes with thumbnails I definitely know that you will go far out of your way to capture it right. Yeah well, I mean like we do crazy videos, so you want to you know you want to optimize it, so it does well. So I can recoup most part when I spend on a lot of these videos, but it would help if you asked a little more specific, like which videos are stuff like that. Well, I was watching the one with the glowing sword, specifically yeah, and so were you cut in half of the car yeah cut in half the car yeah we attempted to I I thought it would work I, don't know why, but it didn't well. Yeah I, don't know why, but you guys went out into a field and then for the thumbnail. You took a picture of yeah Conan, the Barbarian cutting the car in half for a good thumbnail yeah. So I was just wondering you know: do you? Do you frequently go that far out of your way? Were you to capture the thumb? Yeah I mean, of course everyone should I mean. If people don't flick, they don't watch so you want to give them something to click yeah, but for the most part I mean some are a little fluff, but we try to represent the video and I feel like we do so I mean there's nothing bad about it. You know what I mean, because just when people talk about thumbnails, usually there's a negative kind of thing. Oh I admire your thumbnail game. It's really good. My thumbnail names, [ __ ]. My thumbnail game is awful. What was your new video? It had like a blue background. I'll show you yeah I, just I, remember, seeing it and kind of actually liking. It I just thought. Oh, you did like it yeah. Okay, we got the stamp of approval yeah morning million views easily. No didn't do that. Well, it under Wow leave that one 3350 packs of pop rocks. That's a banger mat stony. You know that guy no I don't know days ago. I just know by looking at that I know: that's gonna get a lot of use. Dude! That's four days ago, Matt stony, we got it dude you got competition, I need to fill a pool of pop rocks. What up I'm just kidding um this one yeah, let's try kissing man. My problem with this thumbnail is that you don't watch your own video. This is not an account that we actually watched at I watched it like 20 times. My problem with this thumbnail is that you, don't you don't know it's our video yeah, um I, don't know I that we'd have to have a longer conversation about I mean if, if I was trying to give you advice, but uh I mean that type of stuff works. Well, leafy didn't, you know, did thumbnails like that. Everyone knows as him like everyone's seeing that seizure name. It knows that you, you know what I mean it's not yeah. It's like most, your thumbnails. Don't really have your face so like no, they don't yeah. So people are just always looked at about well anyway, yeah yeah, that's overthinking it. At that point. It really doesn't matter alright, so um, I, guess thumbnails. Since I was it's just uh, you know you just want to make something: I think if we're giving it by something a lot of people forget is like uncertain on phones, thumbnails are really [. __ ] small, so like people are editing thumbnails full-blown on their new year, and when you shrink it down, you can't see all these little things so yeah we do that. We may always do that. I always make you like tiny. Then there you go perfect. Yeah I, like to just like take a screenshot of my phone and then just put my thumbnail over a thumbnail and then I can just see what it looks like. So that's how you get your thumbnail over a thumbnail, yeah exactly and then just look at on your phone and just be like if I was a normal person, what I care to clean on it yeah the thing that always gets me to is they put like the the amount of duration on the bottom right and the time step yeah. It always like covers text. Exactly that's why you never put text in the bottom right, yeah, yeah I want to ask you some questions about specific videos. Yeah hit me here. We go. We've been talking a lot about salt Bay on arch on our podcast recently, because I feel, like he's kind of a culinary fraud. I, don't think that guy knows how to cook a damn thing based on based on he wasn't at the restaurant. When I was there so I didn't meet him yeah. It's fine I'm, not asking you to take down salt bay, that's my personal opinion, but I. What but I am curious, because here you guys spent well this. You guys spend a thousand dollars on a gold covered. Tomahawk, yes, yeah now! Does that? What tell me about? Does that gold? Actually, honestly, I didn't really taste it yeah, it's kind of there for show yeah, it's a it's a hard flex, yeah, it's a hard hard hard to be fair. This was this is a flexing. This is showing you guys what the experience did. I'm, not accusing you of anything I'm. It's all pays restaurant yeah! No, the video was great and clearly paid for itself with 17 million views. Oh wow yeah, that's actually pretty good I should go up by like a gold covered lobster or something. Well, you guys dude. The thumbnail was crazy on this one. You had to click it yeah and it was me like about to eat it. Yeah I had to make everything about someone else and stuff, but this one was just uh. Most people don't get experience. It's like expensive restaurants, and no one really does so. You thought it'd be cool to to watch. How would you rate it Oh ten thousand dollar meal over well, if that was inflated, cuz like I literally like told them like, can and like I say it in the video, so I'm not hiding anything but like I would told him like charge me more. So I can put ten thousand a month, so that was nowhere near ten thousand I just made them charge me a lot more, but it was alright. I mean not worth it. Yeah I ate like at some what his Korean barbecue place last night. It was like just as good yeah yeah. Well, I mean it's for a restaurant to actually serve out of it, though, to order that on a rock I know, you guys are ordering fear, yeah I'm, not saying about you, but you have to be kind of a [ __ ] mean I, know that I live on you and everything like that. I hate, I hate when people hate me bro, they [ __ ], so I've been watching videos of Saul pace and whenever someone gets a beep, the editing Salieri's both shout out to Ethan or Bailey's, they force-feed you yep. Look at this. It's like hello, I, just spent a thousand dollars just [ __ ], don't make me feel like a baby while I'm at it like. How deep does he put his [ __ ] finger? Alright enough with the glove that's kind of gross I, don't want to [ __ ] talking about they were incredibly nice. Oh you know, I got to I. Will okay yeah I always thought [, __, ], I'm, Sophie yeah he's a [, __ ] I! Don't want that glove in my mouth. Why dude? He could have not, he could have stopped like the meat was in enough that oh, you spent $1,000 here. Let me finger your mouth with a dirty glove, but what? If that's, what we wanted? Well, like you already admitted it Howie you honor I mean I, might have just been insecure, but now I'm coming out about it. You want any finger. Your mouth now I've seen I've seen. Vicky always does this. He always Morse feeds people with the gold. Oh yeah yeah. He did it to Bradbury's the Bradbury's with the salt bay. Oh, they fought and they force-fed them as well. Yeah. This vendetta runs deep, but it's almost like a it's almost like a fetish for them. This is the big one, the thousand-dollar, t-bone, tomahawk, I, think or I. Don't know the cost. I think it was a thousand I watched it they were saying: Wow yeah I was just kind of like I was just telling them give me the $10,000 cuz I get this point. I knew I had a video, but I didn't want to lie in the title. So she's, like so I, also got a Tomahawk cruise for someone else. I felt out for two other people yeah. It was a little kid video! Sorry, that's funny! It's funny that you just eat gold I, don't I, still don't understand it, but I turned out like a heavy metal. What's the nutritional bro I, literally [ __ ] go now that the biggest flex ever take a different video we've been on this game, for it's just something that we yeah like something like we about to force-feed. You know: don't I I didn't like it like I'm, not a big fan of that type of stuff. What above the video? No, no, when people force alright feed me, you know thank you [Laughter]! Next up, okay, this one I have to wonder. Okay. So in this video put a hundred million Orbeez in your friend's backyard and I've wondered this about every or be video I've ever watched yep. But this one specifically because has anyone ever done a bigger or B feet than this on youtube? I? Don't because this was like incredibly hard to do. I. Just don't even think anyone has the resources to do it. 100 million yeah it took like like this is a video that took like three months in the works like just to get the Orbeez from China, oh yeah, so, like I mean it was like forever that was in the works and they're like just. We had to pick him up from the port and then moving them there and I'm packed for real yeah. It was like that was like you bought all the Orbeez, important yeah, yeah and like, and they kept thinking we weren't being serious. We were like yeah, we want a hundred million and they're like you want 10 million no 109. It was like it was hard but paid off. Oh yeah, but honestly it was is a lot and then like it, took so many face to film and set up and we uh. We were like I'll take a day to lay them all out and it's like a days gone and we've only done like 20 million, and it was it was just painful, and then it took like three weeks to pick them all up. So that's my question, yeah is: let me show this video for all of our viewers. There are so many fun. This is not a small pool. This is a massive pool and the whole backyard is covered yeah. So how about [ __ ]? Do you clean that yeah yeah yeah I mean shovels and buckets literally just three weeks? You said of shovels and buckets yeah, and what do you dispose how you get rid of it? We had a waste company help us with honestly I'm, not too familiar with the logistics I. Don't know you had other people doing yeah yeah! That's now also I'm quick, you don't get wet when you're in it. It looks like you guys, are dry yeah. It was oddly weird like our feet would get wet but, like the thing is, if you dive headfirst and that you would like to literally get stuck and possibly suffocate for real yeah cuz, you can't like it's heavy yeah. Well, you have to like use every muscle in your body for like five minutes, just don't get across the pool like we're. Legit, like a solid you just learnt like whenever you move the Orbeez just more fill in the spot, so you never go anywhere. It's swimming in a pool of Orbeez, something everyone should try once in a life. Or can we skip that? One I think it's good for exercise. It's a big workout to get across the pool, but the cleanup is not really worth it so now. We're good I have a feeling a lot of people who do or be stones just like dumping it like, oh god, I hope we didn't I hope we disposed them. I think we did now you're good. You guys are good. You you're good kids. You got people yeah I mean what do you do with it anyway? Yeah yeah, for example, this video works. So a lot of it is part-time people yeah, especially for something like this just pay people by the hour to take up for these together, but full-time I. Think I'm like 10 at the moment. Oh wow, that's a pretty big team. Do you? Are you managing them or do you have someone kind of yeah I? Think so it's kind of nice cuz like little stuff's getting done even though I'm over here. What are their titles like, for example, I mean it's kind of like [, __ ] number one and you have like, and so you have your own company, that I assume you're the president of, and you have like a manager that manages the staff and everything like that. I mean yeah, but at the end of day it's us [ __ ] around the YouTube video. So it's like it's serious, but it's not what it is. You know what like. What's one like ordering water than tipping $30,000, you know we just went around doing that or I gave them one time, I give them an hour to spend a hundred grand you know like so like. Is it really work you come in and you spend a hundred grand yeah, so I've noticed a lot of the times like cash incentives in your videos for the people a lot, a lot of no no I mean like everybody. Is that, like one of the ways of your compensation in a sense like do they all are on salaries and I mean that's all just bonus yeah exactly so bro? What is your? What are your tax is like because you give away so much money I hope that that's all deductible I do too. If it's not, that is brutal. If it's not I'm, I have a go fund me, but we'll see cuz. This year's taxes are coming up and that's when it's gonna I mean like millions of about define, yeah I'm gonna be bad, you got it yeah exactly I mean we have it all documented. We have receipts and stuff, but it's like the hard part is like when I give my boys 100 grand to spend like I just brought that up that video of who pays taxes on it right. Damn they can't pay taxes on it. So then I guess I have to pick one, but it's not I gave away the money. So it's like it's rough. If I was your accountant and I'm, not at all, they all come outside all the taxes on my voice, but like that's kind of shitty, no, you don't they tell you what, like someone has to pay taxes and yeah, give my money either they say and you're in the video you're like here's $40,000, someone has to pay taxes on that yeah, exactly either me or them for the most part. So I don't know how that's getting and that's even like. If you go give like a homeless dude a house, is there tax implications on that yeah I'm, pretty sure it's getting people don't think about that. Yeah I know people need to know about that. Well, we're gonna find out when this tax season happens. I want to find that mr. Bies is gonna, be your craziest like tax yeah, of course, yeah last year it was stupid. The amount of money we spent I mean like someone's, like 500 grand on videos. So it's it's gonna be dumb I, don't I, don't know how it's gonna go. I wasn't really so like game shows. If you win a car, I didn't know this, but apparently right after the game show they have. You signed a document where you say like you're, gonna pay the $8,000 tax on it or you forfeit the prize like you, don't even get it at all. Like you, don't you do they don't even give it to you to sell for real yeah like you, either pay taxes or not cuz I'd talk to someone who was on a game show and he won a prize and didn't even get to keep it yeah about prices right yeah like you win $100,000 vacation you're like exactly it's more like you owe us $50,000, yeah I! Think that's why they do vacations because you can't liquidate it. So then most people don't even take the fries. Are you [, __ ], my all right, I, don't know if most people don't but yeah. So that's where it makes things a little weird on me because, like you know, if I make them pay taxes on stuff and I, look like a piece of [ __ ], but if I pay taxes on it on something, that's already not really proud hold on hold on there's yeah I, don't think because it's really when we're talking about your staffers, yeah, okay, well other besides them I know is so your staffer should pay tax because for them it's like a but yeah. Now, if we're talking about like here, you go up to a waitress and you give her $30,000 I even live like that one. They would pay taxes. It's a little more messy. When I give someone a car I guess they have to claim that yeah yeah that one's a neat one it's more like literally, like I, gave like six cars. It's like who pays taxes on these like 40, 30, 20 I, wonder if there's not room for an argument that it's just a tax deduction for you, because it's part of your it's part. It's it'll, see it's kind of like a an expense yeah. It's an experience of doing business, but I'm pretty sure someone has died. I hope you have a slick, accountant, yeah, we're gonna, find out. I hope you look Jewish accountant with a Brooklyn accent. Yeah! Well, do you I, don't [ __ ] I just signed over to a slick, Jewish accountant with the Brooklyn he dude, yeah yeah I need one of those I think I have one of those I don't deal with the other I hope we don't have a friend, I hope. Well, yeah this year, he's gonna save us a lot in taxes. I have a friend in show business who was pretty big in show biz, who recommended him to me and I get on the phone, his name's like Harvey, and he sounds like straight out of the [ __ ] corner deli and Brookland. Just like that deep Jewish accent, yeah and I was like how old are you dude cuz? He sounded like an old Jewish man he's like I'm 40 I was like bro, you have the cadence of an old Jewish man, and you have my business yeah all right, yeah, that's an anecdote that you I. Can help you Joshua, you can help me I story short, you can help me. Thank you. Actually, speaking of taxes, I was talking to someone. I won't name them, but you know like Trump, like passed the new tax but weird like when a yeah and you're supposed to like make it where, like you know, income people pay less and hire people pay whatever, like the you know, make companies pay less or whatever something like that. But I was talking to one of my friends and it's funny cuz. He ended up paying like over, like half a million dollars less and he would have before that tax bill and his employees actually ended up paying like 5% more in taxes but Trump pitched it like it was the opposite. So I've been obsessively learning about that. It's so so it's not the law. So the 1i Nene is the new deduction and it's a 20 percent corporate tax deduction, yeah so and then so, first of all, what they also did to pay for that is: remove the state income tax. So there's certain states, mostly liberal states, that have a high personal income tax to the state, California New York, specifically I, don't know what it's like in North Carolina, if is like five percent, so in California and the five percent there that was a huge, huge deduction that would come from your federal taxes and so on. States like that, your taxes for for a lot of people are actually gonna be going up and they also capped personal expense to ten thousand to so a lot of court, not in corporations yeah for your personal deductions. So a lot of people in blue states are gonna, have their taxes increased and they also did this? Was he did us dirty dude entertainers people who derived their my malaria and stuff yeah people who derive their their income from performance? Yeah we're like it's. A personality based uh. Okay company cannot take the deduction that ten thousand straight up the twenty percent. You cannot take it entertainers here. Entertainers cannot take it and then not only entertainers, like lawyers and accountants and [ __ ], like that, like professionals, but he specifically went after like that. He went after like entertainers, specifically like a little revenge play well see now we're getting out of my realm of knowledge. I, don't know anything. Yeah yeah, there's no funny stories where my friends who were supposed to yeah, you know people that were supposed to be helping pay more and it's just like I, just like I'm, not a political person. I know nothing about politics, but when they just blatantly lie- and you know it's kind of like wow- you know well- I talked to it. It's so [, __ ] up like when that happened. I was like yeah I'm, I'm gonna get all this money off taxes, and then our accountants are like no you're gonna pay more than yourself what the [ __ ] yeah, because we're in it, because I should just like literally text you Juicin, you should find out what he's doing yeah well I I, just if I it's not easy. If I didn't play him properly, oh I thought that was the guy out there. That shows um. It's it's a Lance, Stewart I live on a bush yeah, but if I didn't prepare par properly, you're just gonna see my videos come from a hundred thousand dollars of video down to like five yeah today, we're gonna be giving out a packs of gum, I, don't think you're, a big spender, I'm sure you're, not on yourself, yeah I mean, but it's all business you're spending money on your business, so you gotta make sure someone has either me or but I'm just saying it should be deductible, because it's a business expense. You got to get a select, Jewish accountant to make sure it's categorized as a business exact you go to the Supreme Court and tell them it's not a Supreme Court. It's a it's a good faith argument based on because we're in a new vertical in terms of business traditional we don't really fit the traditional mold of how people spend money on entertainment like what you're doing is a legitimate business. If you're not giving out a hundred thousand dollars, people aren't watching your videos, yeah, so I see that and I think it's a good faith, a legitimate argument to make to the IRS that hey. This is all duck table expenses, because this is what you do. Yeah I guess. Do you want me to be your account yeah, you want to do everything for me. Yeah this [ __ ] gets me riled up because look, it's R! It's ridiculous! If you spend that much money on the video I'm, not enriching you, it's [, __ ] you're, producing content yeah, but at the same time like some of it goes to my boys and things like that. So that's deductible, yeah or I mean that's a that's. They should pay the taxes on that yeah. So so anyways I buy him a car and then it's like pee on this car I gave you that's when they don't have that's basically summing up with that. We have on it's just like because they especially because I know a lot of the prizes that give way that people can't afford the taxes. That's the dilemma. That's crazy! Man yeah, that's a tough kind of people. I think that is a really interesting peek behind the curtain. Yeah the people don't think about you. Look to your accountant this year, you as well what else we got here. Oh yeah I, want to ask you. Is it true that this video got claimed for this part and therefore will my podcast right now be claimed? Oh yeah, it did actually I'm, not gonna play it, but yeah yeah. We got a prayer claimed it. We just literally said living on a prayer, but I have so many instances where I just say a few words and my videos get claimed it's so it's worse than it's ever been yeah. Well, I got it removed because that tweet cause -. Oh, they dropped it. Yeah thank God, but they they took like five figures off the video cuz like, even though they didn't lay it back. No, you don't like you, don't get it back until you dispute the process, so I didn't dispute because I didn't know what was and like okay I, don't want to [ __ ] talk YouTube, but they they didn't even a the it was claimed by living on a prayer, but the name of the song that was claimed was Miss. Brazil talk to him about that yeah, so I didn't know it was living on a prayer, so it was some other song that I couldn't find so I didn't dispute it for months and so months. This videos racking up views, and they just told me they miss a label. Do you know what's happening? These companies are even involved, there's like third party that are claiming that they have their own box yeah that are scanning YouTube, not using YouTube's automated system, and so they just sign up these big record labels and like hey, we'll pay a million dollar or you know yeah well, did you see? I saw a tube filter, wrote an article this morning about how now, in like a month, they're gonna have to give time stamps when they manually claim, which is all I ever wanted right yeah, so that's gonna become mandatory in a month and then you tube even it's funny. You bring that up, said they'd. Prefer people use their own Content ID, instead of outsourcing it. So the literally YouTube address both of it I mean it sucks, you're working on it yeah they are I've lost, like six figures. Probably two claims: oh yeah yeah, so it's like it's annoying, but but can you imagine like, like? Sometimes people will claim our entire to our podcast for like a 5 second clip yeah and these [ __ ] [ __ ] are making like tens of thousands of dollars off of all of our where all of our collective work, because I use five seconds it's something fairly. When you know, and when you just like say words like it's just like you see yeah, it's right. It's like that is such a stretch. It blows my mind I'm impressed that you guys were true enough to pitch that a bot found that what you guys did living on a prayer for like five seconds yeah or like even shorter than that yeah, but a bot recognized that yeah I think so. I, don't I, don't know like it was manually, claimed oh wow, yeah, but I think a bot recognizes and then they go. But when the bot recognizes it gives you time stance when it's manual claimed at the mall third-party, what if all you outside of you and then they go and manually clean, yeah them yeah? Probably what do they do like download and scrape it does matter yeah? It all matters, everything matters. So what else is there? Well, we hit thumbnails yeah we hit money. We've hit those two pretty hard. Is there anything else in life? Is there any other meanings? I, don't know what do you think? What do you would use? It was your purpose. Uh I, don't know just be happy. I've been happy pretty recently yeah picking up some other side. Hobbies I got into basketball this mellow autobiography and reading, and things like that, just if all you do is make videos I, think PewDiePie said it you're, not an interesting person, so try just pick up other stuff to develop around your cell phone yeah exactly so that and just uh just chilling good yeah I'm playing video games, you what books, you're reading, oh good, one well I gave up on books. I tried it, but it's more like self-help or things like if I want to improve like if I want to sleep, better I, listen to a book I like sleep I like the best. You know like mattress and things like that. It's weird but like any time, I want to improve an area of my life I, just kind of throw in an audiobook because of social media [ __ ] my attention span. I can read: I really tried for like a month because, like PewDiePie reads, you know, and so I get inspired every time he does a book review, but then I go to read some books and after five minutes I'm just like checking Twitter, it's off I think you got to first find a book that really captivates you yeah cuz PewDiePie refusal of like classical [, __, ] yeah, and that's just not the easiest to get into yeah like. If you could pick up some really snappy [ __ ], you could probably get that's. You need, like a gateway book yeah to get sucked in yeah yeah. No speaking of what he reads, it's like he's recommended like Jordan Peterson and [ __ ] or like um like dystopian novels, and things like that yeah. No, it's actually really impressive, because most people would like especially like people who only know him from the media, would probably think he just reads like [ __ ] [, __ ], but he seems like really educated person. Mm-Hmm yeah he's smart dude. There's no question about it. Do you have trouble sleeping no but I like to just optimize things cuz like technically, you know you spend so much of your life sleeping you might as well. You know make sure you get into REM sleep as fast as possible and optimize it cuz. It does play in your health and your happiness and if you are like oh you're, like an optimizer by Nature yeah, optimizing things, that's interesting! How long do you sleep? Well, that thing is the videos kind of [ __ ], that up see. Oh, this is like when we spend 24 hours in a desert. It's like yeah and things like that. But yeah I have no structure for the otter. You might try. You don't wake up at a certain time in the morning um, but for the most part we all get together on weekdays at 9:00 a.m. that's pretty early yeah. So whatever for that, but, like you know now, I'm in LA just doing things. So it's weird I wish I had a little bit more structure, so I could get into rhythm. Like that's work, that's yeah! That's a big problem! My life I have no [ __ ] I, have no structure, I. Think this baby's gonna [ __ ] my life up, though he's gonna structure. My ass, real good, actually not I, told that to my therapist and he's like actually for most people baby's unstructured their life I was like. Well, you can't get any less structure than I. Currently are yeah, that's phrase. In there man he was rolling around and [ __ ] I. Didn't even imagine that, like doing what I would do now, but I mean I'm, 20s I've plenty of done, yeah yeah, but that would be great. We waited. We waited for a while. We we definitely had a few years where we like couldn't even imagine yeah. We knew we wanted to yeah, but we what we waited I think we are in a good place now: - yeah and it's really nice to work from home so that we can be with the kid yeah most people have to like go and do [ __ ] they're gone all day, yeah. Damn my pants were in the Army for 25 years, like my real yes, I didn't any for most time when I was a kid really yeah and where you were probably very close with the nanny I. Don't really remember it's like younger yeah yeah, my mom said I had a fuckload of Legos and I would just deal with that makes sense that adds up with your current occupation, yeah but you're. Both your parents are military, yeah, useful military. What did they do in the military? I don't know. Honestly. Everyone always asked me that I've literally never really asked him I. Think my mom told me she used to work at a prison somewhere out like not on in America, so I I, don't know to me so [, __, ], yeah I was eating your mom Oh, your mom's Guantanamo Bay I. Don't know about that, but I know she's some pretty badass like sometimes like. When you know we have a lot of employees and stuff she's like she's a little too rough I'm like mom. This isn't the army calm down. I really should go a boot camp on them a little bit yeah like just like she's rough. You know what I mean because, like a lot of people and I'm, not even talking about my voice, but just in general, like people are like kind of a snowflake, so you have to be a little bit nicer and sometimes she forgets that you know my mom calm down. That's funny yeah! Does she work with you? Or does she work? Yes, she does I would just retire her, but I think she kind of, like you know, likes working a little bit. Sometimes though, it's a little too much, but now that we like it's like as I've gotten bigger and got more people, it's got a little bit me yeah, but it's hard because it's like loyalty and Trust like I, do I, don't know who I could just put as my right-hand person that, just like literally oversees everything in my life and just trust that they don't [ __ ] me over- is that what your mom does yeah yeah so helps manage money and and like things like from checking all the purchases on our company cards make sure their actress. So she a salaried employee, yeah interesting but like no you're right goodbye, whatever she wants like if she wanted a house like really badly I'd go by her house, you know whatever, so you guys are pretty close on the day today. Yes, like I, see my mom like literally every day, wow, that's sweet, that's not [ __ ], that's sweet, as hell. Yeah well, it'll be interesting to see in five years how it goes yeah like by our lake house, and things like that. Go I can't imagine working with my mom, but it seems like you guys, have what like it's kind of like no choice, because, like literally who else could I trust but you're right I mean it's hard to yeah. We do yeah, but that's like on the topic of trust, like everyone like like Chris Chandler I'll, like these people, I grew up with. This is great I like him. By the way I want to put that on the record. Yeah yeah, no he's really good, and he I've known him since I was like 12, and so it's just like he was actually my first subscribers, so he was their number one. That's another reason why I'd never moved to LA and that's why I also think people will struggle if they try to do what I do, because they don't have the loyalty and stuff like like Jake Paul. It's constantly getting backstabbed anyone, but he kind of he kind of reaps what he saw yeah, but there's other people to like that are just always. Well, it's rare I. Think in general, though, it is rare to find a group, a tight group of dudes that can work harmoniously together, like over a long period like sometimes like really late, nights and stuff like that. But then that's what I would recommend, though, if people are trying to do what I do like you, gotta go to your roots and like hire people, you know because, like you're, getting a random guy in LA like there's a literally like a coin flip that they're just gonna [ __ ] you over one day- oh my god, more than a coin flip yeah, it's like a rig. The dice roll exactly so, but you're not always fortunate. Like a good group of friends that live near you and you can work together. Well, I think you learn when you're hiring as we have over time. There there's, obviously a lot of techniques to figuring out the right people. That's why HR is such a many big companies have like huge HR resources and departments just for like vetting people. You know it's like. It is a real skill. It's just different for our industry because, like you could literally just say, one mean thing to them, and then they turn out and quit and make a video and like ruin your career, that's true! So it's like it just gets really messy, because everyone can use social media. That's true! So it's it's a miracle that I've gotten this far without you know yeah. So that's why I try to incorporate them on a lot of challenges and stuff like just because they've been awesome as I've been one of your big challenges, finding kind of the people right people to work with oh yeah, 100 million percent, like because it's a lot of time. It's a lot of everything and it's just like the loyalties huge, like I'd. Rather like Ethan one of our editors. He wasn't super passionate about editing, but, like he's someone I knew like since middle school. So we like ya over time, he's gotten better, but we had to like kind of work with them and train, got it in hand. Yeah yeah cuz I just wanted lil T I'd rather have a guy I, can trust for the next 10 years. So he's the one. That's editing everything now one of them yeah. We have like three anything's, pretty good, yeah good happy. Well, one thing we do is like we I have like they'll edit. The video and they're like Chris will review it and then Chandler, and then they and then I'll review it at the end and make notes, and once you do all like five revision, Wow, it's impossible for it not to be like yeah see you got a tight. You got a tight operation. There am I dude yeah I'm lucky honestly, I am it's it's great you're lucky but you're. Also, you are talent, you're, hard-working dude, you're, smart dude! Well, in its I, don't wanna it's it's hard because, like a lot of people just see where I am now but like, if you saw like the build-up of it like it was, it was hard like it was really rough because no one's ever really done well. I did and I had like no money and like I, just making [ __ ] bad as I went. I was a teenager and it's just like this whole thing is like there's a 50-50 chance. I ran out of money like two years ago, and now this work, you know so a little bit of luck. Yeah and now here you are putting 100 million Orbeez and my manager back yeah. God bless it's fun times. Well, we've said it all in the words of Howard Stern, we've done it all. You've said it all. Um I didn't say what my favorite color was. But besides that is it um blue, nice I, don't know why people say like that question though people ask but I feel like it's so lucky that I've heard it like a few times. I haven't heard interviews someplace as to what you know. Nobody asked me like what the [ __ ] that matter. It was five yeah, but if you want to really want to know, I wanted mine is purple really I find purple to be a really beautiful. Lush I can't tell special color yeah a lot of all colors, but it's stupid. It's like well favorite, color, it's a five year old yeah. What's your favorite number yeah? That's what about? What's your favorites pubic hair, the purple really I think I do think. Purple is a very special color. It is very nice I, like that green of your hat. People are watching they're like hey. No I won't do that. I'm I want to show you some stuff. Here's a segment, we're gonna end on this note: okay, it's called weird dad's, all right, an honor of my forthcoming child David. First we've got Tom Brady kisses his son on the mouth throat. Oh my god, have you seen this so I watched this and again I'm, not I'm, not judging the guy. You know, I mean a man, his relationship with a son there's a special sacred thing. On the other hand, just watch this video- oh I, haven't seen this one, oh, so he this is something he's known for doing right, oh because I saw the clip of him on the field right, kissing a son. So this is a different one here watch this enjoy this. Thank you I'm glad. So the kid goes I want, can I check my fantasy team and he says what do I get. He said it like would whack yeah and then he comes. The kid comes and gives him a peck, and he goes that was just a peck wait. Did you actually hear much yeah I? Don't want to see that in the wrong place. That was like a peck man. I was a bet ref place to pause. Oh yeah, honestly I think there's like a 60% chance. Something comes out in ten years. I, don't think so. I know you're kidding yeah, but man, but man. That's a that's gonna [, __ ] that kid up and the kid is like wiping his mouth. Yeah you're, not gonna, make out with your kid I, never kissed my parents on the lips. I I've always found the parent kissing on the lips to be one of the strangest phenomenons I've ever known, especially like especially over the age of like I mean I. Don't know like five yeah I, don't know, I mean I mean when they're like a cute little puppy. You know I understand that, but as a like a little like 13 year, old I will agree. That is not okay, yeah yeah, okay! Well, what's the next clue, you said you had a few? Yes, that more, yes, I have more. Are you? What are you in a hurry to take uh kissing the child off? Are we established that is inappropriate that we tackle the next clue you just you're just trying to analyze it's trying to the podcast? What is this one? Oh, so this is again weird weird parents, there's this one's [, __ ], weird bro at a pep rally. I can tell about dislikes. It's gonna, be so at a pep rally. They inferred the whole school. They prank the sports players by bringing their parents in their mom's into kit, would they blindfold them and then their mom comes and makes out with them in front of the whole school. What that school needs to lose its funding watch this yet hi captains received a kiss from a special someone. That's the dad, oh my god, the dad! Oh my god, those are all parents making out and they don't know it. Oh and then this mom, but it's like hands on her ass, one of the most they're on the floor making out and then this mom you see that you should moved his hand onto her ass right here. I'm not kidding watch this really. You know for sure. She's got a whole. This of course she's [ __ ]. Her kid look. Look at her green vascular! You don't now they're like how did you enjoy the kid did. One of those this is one of the most [ __ ] things yeah yeah, that's terrible, like I, would put those kids on like suicide watch like that's that's as embarrassing as it gets. It literally doesn't get you you make out with your mom in front of your whole high school, there's way too much like did they find also like all these parents to agree to do that. This is like this is a weird town like I. Don't know where this is I wouldn't like it that popped in my head, paying people $10,000 gets their mom, but that sounds like some stupid. No, it's! So that's twisted yeah yeah! No! That's because you know a prank invasion. Would yeah yeah. If you have you pay some like ten bucks, though made a new video today or it was a yesterday called making out with my sister, but it's obviously super fake and I'm. Never gonna watch it very funny. If that was the next one on the list, weird yeah. Without one with that one blew me away, I mean that's right, you got all. I was a weird one, but now, let's keep going here because we got Billy Baldwin, he gets worse. It doesn't get worse than that. Okay, good Billy, Baldwin, tweeted and again I think he's just being sweet, but it just reads very funny: just spent the last hour, if my arms wrapped around my giant six for 17 year old son, no phones, no words just silence, breathing bonding best hour I've had grateful. It's like it's hard to say that without like trying to sound soothing to like it does, it sounds seductive yeah and I'm and I think he just I think he may be just warded it a little funny because I loved I loved it the way he goes. Mike giant six-point, 17 year old son, just silence, breathing it sounds like they had some good cuddling yeah I get yeah I like that too. Look at the top moment just spent 72 hours, biscotti my son's bps and weeping. No bones I wish we could read more replies, but there's some gold did yeah. He erased it, so he bounced on this one. He erased it after, like four days, though, like out there for a while, it's getting roasted by everybody because he's proud, yeah I can see this one being completely on it. Innocent it I'm sure was yeah. It just sounds funny. You should have the people comment, which was worse: Tom, Brady, kissing his son on the lips. Well, no, actually it's not a question: the Prep Rally! Well, the Prep Rally, that's not wins a landslide yeah, but actually we could do live, but there's nobody watching. Let's take a poll out back there, which is worse, Tom Brady making out with the Sun or the Prep Rally pep rally: okay, yeah, the the pep rally: hands down sheepishly pep rally, yes, I'm ashamed to admit, is that all them come yeah. That's it but I love that Tom Brady, just a pic I want to get those sound bites, that's like and then the masseuse said he goes. Everything comes with a cost yeah the guy massaging. Tom Brady goes. You know everything comes with a cost. You must have like great here. I can well because you were, you were trying to optimize, and so, if you keep playing, I can make out sessions you're, very sensitive to son and though I'm not a you know, insulted by that I'm. Okay, with that, like you, take you're, not yeah. If, like people tell me that I don't like watching dad sons, kiss yeah I, don't mind, you don't take that as an insolence yeah. So it's good keep your head up your optimistic guy! Yeah I'm, confident and my dad's on kissing police well, you've said it all, including your favorite color you've come down to LA and conquered YouTube in a short time. You are mister, not really short time but well. You know in my Ryder life from your rise, you've climbed you have conquered. You have or beed you, a beast beasts, moded it and now I learned that I need to build a house out of Orbeez. Do it and do it right, yep, poor for Iceland dude for Iceland dude, so guys. Thank you all for watching. This has been the beast mode check them out at mr. beast: that's his YouTube channel! If you don't know him more, just subscribe to divide that be preferred! Yes, did he didn't lose yet it's a few times, I always bounce back! It's annoying because you want it just like tweet out like a pissed removal, flag, yeah, but you like you can cuz. You know yeah! The insanity continues and there you have it next week we have a slow mo guys, wait! No, but there's no! That will have already happened: yeah yeah, oh [, __ ]. So we have slow mo guys. Oh, that was such a good episode was now I love, Gary, Gavin, Gavin, yeah, yeah sweetheart. He was super fun in that, so who do we have after about Gus? Johnson will be really yes, no, that's cool cuz Lakes weeks, Gus Jones he's not like super big, but I like that. You have him, like he's still an interesting person. He did oh yeah, he didn't want where, like they delivered packages or whatever it was like him, kickin it, and luckily, just through that the door that was really fun. Yeah he's funny he's great he's a talent and we will be having him next week cool and we will be having the two previous weeks just for my own mental collections and who do we have in the next two previous weeks, just confusing that's weak. The previous weeks we just had slow mo guys, the previous and then and then afterwards, the top of the or us doing our own thing. No, oh, you have an M on yeah I, agree I like her a lot cuz like she's like younger, so yeah like how high school and stuff like that work, I'm fascinated by everything about her I think she's, a really interesting person, a real talented person and I'm. Looking forward to speaking with her. We end this show we have outro music. We really start it like several times. No, but we've said it all, we've done it all, alright guys! So next week we will I, don't know it's difficult for watching. Everybody appreciate you and thanks for watching. Thank you much [Music].