- lucky you you happen to be watching the best show that has ever existed anywhere, - three podcasts. Thank you for watching. Thank you for being here. Thank you to my beautiful co-host. Ela climb, the the swag master got a new haircut. Looking fantastic, your hair looks amazing. You look amazing, hurt it's Maybelline. What are those? What or the commercials back in the day where they was these shampoo? That was so good. It sounds like they were like zooming. Ah I'll have what she's having that's. You is YouTube gonna deem on me, cuz I said orgasm yep there they are, that sensitive I'm dead, serious I'm bi just constantly at war with YouTube I do - our podcasts. It's impossible that I, don't say something edgy like orgasm! God forbid. It's not my. Why you come here. Look was such bomb hair like I'm, not gonna, say orgasm the thirst for 30 seconds to get her a whole episode, monetize you're, coming out with this bomb ass hair. Now I'm talking about Maybelline, dear fault, because Herbal Essences, Herbal Essence I did like Herbal Essence. What about horrible life related, the the multi-level lighting company they're, huge they're, like they've, sponsor soccer teams. I was surprised to see that like team Herbalife I was like. Do you guys know that they're like just like logging, yeah, don't sue me Herbalife? They have a lot of money, allegedly it's blood money. This is a parody. So when I say scam, then when I say that Herbalife is a scam and a fraud and blood money, I'm saying that as a parody, it's a joke, I'm a comedian. After all, guys, we've got a lot to talk about here today, as you could see in the title and the thumbnail. It's all happening everything at once, but before we get to the headlines, I do want to mention my feeding window. Wait. Do you want to thank the sponsors? Oh [, __, ], hems and quit? Thank you to hems and quit for sponsoring this episode of the h3 podcast. Thank you for reminding me. Thank you. Thank you. Do you know what a feeding window is? Let's talk about that, so I I'm, just I'm on like a runaway train of fatness right now, I'm just getting fatter and fatter. We were at a wedding yeah weekend, jaunt Ron's wedding, which was beautiful and glorious I'm very happy for him. Haman isn't in his new bride, Dan you're screaming sponsors, but I'm. Assuming about the old congratulations to Dan and his new wife, Charlotte beautiful. What did I say today? You guys? Oh my god, what is wrong with me? No I've been eating a lot. I always eat a lot, no I think it's because we just moved there's a lot going on Lois, okay, I'll help you stay on track. We got to talk about the wedding so that we can talk about the fitting window. So the wedding was beautiful, it was, it was gorgeous. It was nice, seeing all the youtubers there. I saw I dub light ups and his a wonderful girlfriend, and he saw hmm I even saw Jason aka dunkey yeah and Leah there, which was long gone newlywed right. There's a lot of love in the air yeah and I was just I turned around I was like Jason Elliott, they didn't say hi to me and I was like. Maybe they didn't see me, but I was like what and we spent the majority of the night with hanging out with them. That was a joy, Sh'ma yo I mean hello friend, ler Michael Gregory flew in from New York City the donkey the dunks. That's how I refer to the and Jaison fluent from Wisconsin. That's some real friendship. Yeah I just drove an hour yeah, so very cool people in Israel complain when they have to drive an hour to our wedding yeah people that I ask a lot for weddings. Aren't they not ask a lot, but like people like yeah I'm having a wedding in a the southern tip of Chile I expect you all to come and pay for your accommodation, and there is a dress code of like this very specific green suit. Right. You have to cost ten thousand dollars and you'll need to wear to attend. I had a friend who invited me to a wedding and Florida. That was black tux. Only I was like bro. Can you say uh I'm not coming in a different way, we're a super broke that wasn't what was happening in New York, and so you HOT it. Does it come with a budget like no yeah who make it happen. He was a rich. He was a very from a wealthy family and a lot of my other broke friends who went there. I was like boy I'm, not spending like five thousand dollars to go to this guy's wedding, but I feel like um, it's kind of cool. You know because people live here so far from each other because it's so base, but no it's kind of cool that people actually will do it for you I agree, that's why they get the best friend award, but I'm, not I'm, not doing that [ __ ], who would I do that for is there anybody I was put on the bucks and fly to Florida for I. Think it's just a matter of. If you can afford it, I mean we really couldn't afford it, but it's also now that I can't afford it is, there's a time restraint like I'm, not yeah, but if, if I John's the wedding wasn't here, it was in Florida with a black tux. Only we would have done it. There's a good chance. I would have done it. Thank you. What are you talking about I'm, just saying that's asking a lot. Yeah are one of our good friends his his he's. Not a rich guy he's an ordinary everyday Joe. They were having a bat. It wasn't even the wedding. The bachelor party was in like Cuba they're like will you come down to Cuba and get Zika virus and he just had like a newborn. Babies like I'm gonna get my kids Iike virus to go party in Cuba like what are we gonna be doing? Go through that right? No, he didn't go cuz. The doctor said you're gonna get Zika and you have a new baby. Yeah, that's fine, but he didn't want ya, so he didn't want to go, but the doctor gave him an out, but he's like I have to go. It's my cousin I was like bro I. Tell your cousin, it's [, __ ]! Oh no I'm! Not doing that! It's too much and I agree with you, but it's also kind of cool I have love and appreciation for the people who saddle up and do it. That being said, I don't think that I'm one of those people I think you are, and you don't know it. Okay I'll accept that because I feel like that speaks volumes to someone's character that they're willing to do that. I, don't think I would be willing to do that. But the fact that you're gonna give me the credit without having done it. I accept. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome, I'm, having a wedding in a in the southern pole of Antarctica. Would you will you be attending I? Expect you to be attending you'll need a tote. You'll need a expedition guide, a licensed expedition guide and an oxygen mask. Hike that wasn't fade up. You'll need a guard to fend off polar bears. Sure I'll make it RSVP. Yes, would you like? Would you like whale blubber or walrus steak? Art Antico wildlife got it yeah we're having a wedding in the center of the Amazon rainforest. So can we get to the fear at the aboriginal tribe you'll need to be you'll need shots against malaria, hepatitis F, it's a new one that they just discovered there. You will need to divorce your wife, because you literally cannot go back home to live like you're used to you cannot be be. You can't be reintroduced to society, unfortunately, after quarantine for six months, and we just have a little ask I do recommend that you get your will and a state in order before journey back to our wedding and the center Amazon yeah yeah I'll make that course. How could I say no anyway. That brings me to the feeding window. So, okay yeah the feeding window, we haven't gotten there yet. So there was a week well I started weeks before the wedding telling Ethan you. You have nothing to wear because you do not fit through your clothing. Unfortunately, no you need to buy and you wouldn't do it and I was getting nervous. I could see ourselves like day of the wedding and you don't know what to wear so. I had to buy your clothes, oh and all right that you would fit, and then we went to buy a shirt and we were like okay, let's get extra large, because you used to be large. So you try on the large Dan. Will you go I tweeted it to jontron? Can you find that tweet, the courrier you tried on the extra-large yeah yeah well show picture that, but the clothing we ordered online. The pants was an elastic waist, dress, pants, which was so dope I didn't hear, welcoming and aisle I was like whoa and Anila. First was like you can't talk into an elastic waist is insane. I was like you know what I'm talking and I talked, and it looked pretty good. Yeah I had no problem with that um here. Oh, that was quick. Thank you. Here's! What the extra large looked like on me I took a picture because we were those, but those are those buttons are fighting for life, so the extra-large was pretty long. So we're like it looks so funny. On the back of like a dress, super tight dress, yeah I wish we got the replies, okay. Well, we had to get another size that was even longer so it's like down to my knees. So eels like you, can't talk on the elastic waist, but the shirt looks like a skirt when I'm like I'm talking in it anyway, so we found out that your to excel well, when yeah I mean well on a dress shirt like that yeah I. Remember when you were a medium I know, that's a it's a long lifetime ago and that's like three sizes ago. But okay, let's continue with the story. What's where does it go from here um? So we are at the wedding ya know: we saw our friend Zach yeah, oh the feeding window, the feeding window yeah, so the feeding window Zach was starting telling me I mean I, know about intermittent fasting, but Zach goes I've lost eight weights, l88 eight weights God. What is wrong with me, stop and think before they like say every single word: eight pounds bus just by doing intermittent fasting. He gives himself a eight hour, feeding window and so mine, because I, usually breakfast at 10:00, and have dinner around 5:00. So my eight hour feeding window is from 10:00 to 6:00, so that means that I can eat anything. I want within that eight hour feeding window and then the rest of the day is a fast which lowers your insulin, lowers our speeds up your metabolism and you are just burning calories during that outside that feeding window I. Just like saying feeding what I mean, if you see some of the farm animal get me my crop, maybe it's my feeding window shoving your face. It's my feeling with the food heels. Are you sure you want to eat up third hamburger today? They work good, well, here's where it works, I think I'm gonna, try it. You don't know that it doesn't work. You know that for a fact, how do I get this says? [, __, ], a feeding window ya, know here's why it works. Besides that it lowers the incident Co the reason it work, it's a mind game. You set these rules for yourself, so you say: okay, I'm only gonna eat between ten and six I'm, a fast, the rest of the day. You jaw, you end up eating less cow yeah. You starve exactly that's how long? How long are you gonna last a week? I think I can live on two meals a day. That's not that crazy! A lot of people do that. So why do you need the window? Why not do a he'll give yourself rules and yes, stick to them, and maybe I want three hamburgers during I win what? However, I don't eat three hamburgers as a rule? That's too specific! Overall, however, I don't eat french fries period. That's too specific of rule. What do you want me to keep like 100 rules? I'll make rules for you, yeah I want one rule: I can run rule to live by to rule your world like the one ring that rules them all. The fede window from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. thou shalt not eat food outside the feeding window, you're gonna end up wearing 3 XL by then this is feeding hours. Not if I stick to the fast. You said it yourself, I'll be starving, it's so bad for you and then you'll be eating eating eating and that's what there's that Zack said he's not for a week. Zack says it's good. It's healthy too fast. It's good to have your insulin low during those hours, especially someone like me, who's on the verge of being a diabetic free, psychic pebbles. Yes, the nutritionists yeah. You know you know any stupid thing that someone will tell you you'll pick up except the actual good thing, healthy living a lot of it. You need to change your home. Well, like rain Florence, no I sound like a normal person that doesn't have a feeding window. Let's see what happens we'll give it a week. Okay, we'll check I'm gonna, stick to the viewing window, I'm gonna, stick and then today, what's today, Tuesday next Tuesday, let's check in and let's see how what's my status I'll get away myself tonight, mm-hmm, which I'm frankly and not looking forward. It's gonna be brutal. Okay and both taken the feeding window extravaganza I'm. All right. Do you guys have any weight loss tips for me. Yeah work out anyone possible that doesn't make sense. Damn I lost 70 pounds on Kido 70 yeah I used to weigh almost 300 pounds. Really you were. You were like a pretty big dude yeah huh, yeah how's, the big boy. Just Kido like tell me about that: Kido uh, it's the high fat, no carbs, no sugar diet, and so what were you eating on a daily basis? Uh hamburger, patties, just a bunch of protein and just a nice yeah cheese that sounds so unhealthy right and that work. It just did hamburger patties and cheese and you lost seven - yeah, it's just without the bread. I mean you're good and you just don't eat the bread and lose 70 pounds over what course period of time. I lost 70 pounds in the span of six months, whoa yeah, that's a lot. I have a picture when I was like can't, we see yeah yeah sure how do I listen to this sack, not the other Zac. How do I see that picture? Well, work on that Tim, we're gonna get there and, in the meantime, right yeah Brad, we're -. You definitely got a cutout of bread, not during the feeding window. Anything goes during the feeding window like today, after you ate your breakfast, you started snacking on bread mm-hmm because it's the fading Windom eight hours to go crazy baby. What if I combine Kido with feet and oh yeah, then we're really onto something special? Try it mm-hmm all right what else we got God smite before we get into the good stuff. Well, this is the good stuff. Frankly, there's a drummer that God there at a church and he's drumming his heart out. First, to my point, he's in a little box, which oh I mean I, never seen such a thing. It seems a little ridiculous, I guess it's to make the drums less loud, but I mean just let it rip dude you're, playing rock and roll. You know Zach. What do you think about the drum box, the drum box yeah? Well, it's not! That I mean it's not the craziest thing that sometimes they will put like a glass thing in front of a drum kit. Just to reduce noise, especially a nook is small yeah. Then you like that it makes sense, because the drums will just overpower everything else. Yeah so must be loud as hell in that little cube, probably it's like being at a gun range in there. Well, anyway, God wasn't down with this tooth drumming, because it's just neat. Well, let you see for yourself that God just dropped the cross right on this dude like da bro [Music] gods, like ah [ __ ], this man boom dude he got taken out. That's like a heavy cross. Have you heavy falls to the cross? You know what I'm saying and nobody helps him to it. Ok like well, that's God's! Well, nobody in the audience responds nobody on stage response. Hyung is literally playing the guitar he's pinned down under a rock, and nobody makes a move, never stop playing. Even in the audience. Nobody reacts. It's like too much Jesus. These guys are all I, don't know I guess it was meant to be right. If the cross falls on you, then the rule is I. Think it's in the Bible that you just let them die. God's like peace, [, __, ], Bumi, really gets taken odds, a heavy cross bike, so so late playing lady notices, it's like okay! Well, do we just continue I mean he's. All God is obviously smite me. You know that commercial back in the 90s when for dare they're like this is your brain on drugs and they crack an egg mm-hmm. She wouldn't have seen that growing up. Really. Nobody remembers that no I I remember, of course, I'm saying helo, wouldn't I've seen it I'm, not asking he'll, oh yeah for sure. So this is your. This is your brain on Jesus. This is your brain on Jesus. All these people are just too much Jesus. We got the picture of Zach I got no problem with Jesus, but too much Jesus. Oh, we got a shirtless pic um for younger that a nice. Let's see what I have yeah it's when I started my weight loss turn that dude. Damn boy you didn't have a chin, but you look yeah I mean you look. You did. Thank you. I need the key to my ass. I would have never just imagine me man what I would look like with the chanyeol. Oh I, look good, huh, I'm, weird or not with the chat Oh. What age were you here? I mean how long ago I was a junior in high school. So when you lost weight, did you start getting like a bunch of ass? I mean what was that like? How do people react to it in high schools? It was definitely a shock. I definitely got a lot more attention. If you will that's amazing, you might have been like dude. This is awesome. You know then I started to grow. My hair out, oh [, __ ]. We got the rock and roll here we lost the compound's. Did your dick grow? I? Don't know what that means. You know it does. But I've heard that when you lose weight your dick gets bigger because I guess you have more blood to go, circulate I swear to God when you get fat, your dick shrinks, really you're right, I swear to God I. Think it's a great reason. You lose the fat around the light. I've never heard that the Fupa area right it looks yeah I was about to say I, don't think it actually gets bigger. It's that everything it's right in your portion to everything else, but I, think your erection quality improves. Is that right, Zach? That's also your life quality in general, yeah, I! Think yeah it does. You got a veneer he's good for you, Zach I'm, proud of you. Thank you and you've kept it off for a long time, yeah I've gone up and down I mean my skinniest I was like 185, which was just way too skinny for a 6-3. You got a but I'm like at two-two time right now. I just maintain you know you wouldn't want on the weekends and then during the week it's uh. You know back to the routine. What's the routine, what is it yeah? We don't still a lot of protein keto. Still, no, no bread, just I, try and avoid bread. So you eat. You eat bread on the weekend yeah. But you know you gotta limit yourself, no bread after breakfast, no I, actually don't have bread with bread. Do you eat a loaf of bread when you finish breakfast cuz? That's what I did this before, like a back ed early, it was like it was a little like yeah. It was like. Did you dip it in butter? No I would have. If there was some around that's the best char. You kidding the bread dipped in butter. I died early for that [, __ ]. It's so explained to even he just Kido. He like you would have said that kudos, [, __, ] I think it doesn't sound very healthy, but I agreed that just try cutting our bread yeah. That alone will do a lot. Are you allowed to eat vegetables on keto? Yes, you say just like steak and Gino you can have. You can have vegetables, but you just gotta like avoid the sugar, so like I, don't need a lot of fruits like apples or they have a bunch of sugar in it. Hmm! So look fruit, TV Eirene occasion, I'll have like an orange or I love. Watermelon, that's food! You better watch out for the watermelon yeah soupy. It's got [ __ ], it's got sugar in it! Damn yeah! It's just like you got to get yourself in a certain mindset and you just gotta, say [ __ ] and do it. Okay, I can go Kido, Kido, plus, feeding window equals bliss, keto plus feeding window would be like a huge weight loss. Bro epic weight loss. You can do it, you can do it. You think I should just do keto or just feeding window. Try keto for two weeks see how you feel cuz I guarantee you will see, results, didn't I, try or Acuto and I didn't lose weight or it did something I, don't think you're really committed to it. Yeah. You said you were doing keto at one point, but I don't know I, don't know well, dude. The proof is in the pudding here with Zac I'm motivated. It sounds incredible. Yeah I'd love to get my my erection quality up, it's not bad, but it's like like when I was a young man. My erection was like powerful. It was like impressive. You know just look at your dick and you're like good dude, [, __, ], yeah bro, no I, don't do that anymore. I was like I was pushing to like a 3x shirt. I was like a 40-something waist like I, just Lordy yeah I mean I'm far off those measurements. My dude, you are you, don't I mean Adam. She used to be 38 infants and I, don't really fit in, though yeah 38 to tight fit. To be honest, not a super touch. I'm mostly upset because we used to measure clothing on Ethan too and usually on Teddy fresh. We have like a fit model and we would make the samples in a size large because that's what he thin wears and we could we couldn't like, try it on Ethan and try it on someone. Even a model like large is kind of like a lot of people were large, but now you messed it all up. So that's why he was upset yeah. Well, we gotta do something about that. Yeah, specifically my erection quality, though cuz I want to go from like a sex like up to it. I know I'm, like thirty I, don't really know. What do you mean by quality like? Isn't it either that or not no dude quality is my quality. It's like it's like come on. Dude quality is like it's bigger. It's stronger, it's harder its glorious. It's like it's like it's just incredible! It's this beautiful thing. I, don't know quality of an erection. Okay, it's gone from like a 75% to 100% the difference between limestone and like diamond Wow. You understand and see that all the guys on this stands for sure I mean my dick works. Let's get that straight, you could it that's. Why I'm asking? What do you mean because it it works better? It's like it works better, it's harder, it's a little bigger. So what are you waiting for I'm, not waiting fraid? They don't want a feeding window, I'm, gonna, feeding, window post Kido, it's impossible. Okay, just try it for two weeks, I'm telling you will see results. Okay, two weeks here we go we're in, but so do I am I out of the feeding window, yeah, none of Saudi! Thank you. Do you do you? What kind of like snacks can you eat when you're on Keita, or do you just forego? I I tend to have like these protein bars that are like super low in carbs protein bars yeah. Those sound good, yeah I can give you a name but they're a lot of sugar and those I buy like the low sugar, like less than one gram, two grams like this. Some of that and you just hit those hard during the day. No, you got I mean like anything in life. You're gonna, limit yourself, but I mean like that. Is your problem. There's no easy way doing it. We're in a way that you have to limit yourself, its Kido, no carbs lose 70 pounds all right, I'm gonna do I'm gonna. Do the and I can't eat fruit. That's crazy! I like fruit. You can, but not to want moderation, not too much fruit. I mean what do you snack on now, Oh meals off? No. What do I snack that I snack on they don't do much snacking I just eat big-ass meals like last night. You was good well, if there's cookies in the house or any kind of pastries or stuff like that, you don't eat at all. Yeah either goes. Let's get a tally for you. Okay, look at the menu uh chicken, with a shitload of cheese on top and marinara sauce on the side, some vegetables, a potato, a salad and I'm tara misu granted, but you ate most of it yeah that's a shitload of bread, so you eat everything but the bread and don't touch the throw myself. Don't touch the bread, don't touch the tiramisu you can have with was the chicken breaded or was it just no, not breaded? So you can have the chicken the cheese, the marinara sauce with the veggies. No, what about potato? You know paid up, no potato, no potato, no potato potato kind of sucks anyway. What you don't mean that well, when it comes as a side like with chicken kind of salt good, it was like baked and it was like soaked in the Marinero. It was like insane I, don't care you all right. Let's go Quito two weeks, ACK and I, better, look like I, better loose. How many pounds am I supposed to look like five pounds, I mean again: it's been, you were losing like ten a month. I was losing yeah I was and I, don't think it was that healthy to drop that quickly, but yeah, that's pretty drastic yeah I, just I was tired of like feeling sluggish all the time you were like 16 years old, - right, 17, 17, yeah, it's different at that age. You know it's a lot easier agreed. Well, it's time to take a break. We didn't really talk about anything about me being fat, so hopefully that was entertaining. Let's take a break when we come back, we're gonna watch the new Star, Wars, trailer and lots of other stuff we're going to talk about pewdiepie ban Joker movie review in there is a drama here brewing in the podcast studio, with Ian, destroying the bachelor segment. We're gonna conclude that and influencers giving out their phone numbers. That's actually just some kind of scam and probably more about feeding windows, so stay tuned guys will be R back. I was shocked when I heard this did you know that 66% of men start to lose their hair by age 35? So the minute you see your hair start to thin or the Balts parts bald spots start the form. You don't wait. You never want to hear it's too late. It's 2019 hems can't connect you to the medicine of science to help you do something about keeping that beautiful, luscious hair in your head, where it belongs, hems is helping guys be the best versions of themselves with fda-approved products and the best part is you don't have to make that awkward, in-person doctor's visit or wait in the pharmacy line? Just answer a few quick questions online and a licensed physician will review and determine if a prescription is right for you, I recommend checking them out before it's too late and you have officially gone bald and you're. Just a bald dude. There's two people in this world bald dudes and dudes with their which one do you want to be right, ela? No, no, maybe it's too harsh but I think balding looks distinguished, but obviously some people prefer to keep their hair Wow. He was saying this is off the rails. Let's go back to the strip right now. My listeners can get started with the hems complete hair kit for just 5 dollars, while supplies last go to 4, hems, calm, /h, 3, that's 4, hams, calm, /h, 3! Now here's the disclaimer that I have to read. I'm gonna read it really fast, like a radio guy, prescriptive subject to doctors, approval and required online, so call today, with the physician will be determined for the prescription is appropriate, see what was I for all these as a safety information was that do you think that passes prescriptions are subject to doctor approval and requires an online consultation with a physician who will determine if a prescription is appropriate, C website for full details and safety information? Better? Ok, thank you. Do you want to know what makes the ultimate toothbrush yep? Is it Brussels that horn, your gums? No, is it Brussels that are soft and give love to your gums yep? Is it a toothbrush pulsates which dentists recommend yeah? Is it a non pulsating toothbrush nope exactly you know. Thank you. He'll! We're talking about quick yolks man to protect the olgerd back to do a little to cleaned your mouth to an extraordinary degree, Oh for the little starting price of $25 yup. You know quick, sensitive vibrations with a built-in timer gentle guide, brush retentive deliver stroke for dentists, recommended two minutes with 30. Second, pulses: ensuring and even cleaned quit automatically delivers brush heads to you every three months for clean new bristles right on schedule. The sleek intuitive design is simple to use and comes with a treble cat that doubles as a mirror mount. These thoughtful features make brushing something you actually want to do twice. Everyday good habits matter to live a healthier life helped formed fresh oral habits with quick, quick starts at just $25 and you'll get your first refill at get quipped calm, slash, h3, one more time, baby, it's a simple way to support our show is start brushing better, but you have to go to a get qu IP comm, / h3, and you get your first reap help. Do you feel back for free? Yes, that's right! So go right now to GE t qu, IP, comm, /h 3 to get the equip dream. You're gonna, put a dream tube in your mouth is gonna vibrate and pulse. It's gonna be [, __, ], awesome, dude! Welcome back to the greatest show. That's ever existed out of breath just ran back from the bathroom. What do you know? I thought we had more time than Dan sticks his head out the door he's like I'm all the way down the hall at the bath. He goes 30 seconds, so I go an all-out sprint ends with me. It's like storming the beaches of Normandy up there. No I'm winded salt be riding the meathook. This guy's salt, Bay man, I just I, don't know why he gets all the love in our favorite. Turkish chef gets gets no respect, I mean this is the kind of content you can expect from salt Bay and go ahead and explain this to me. If you can, dude is just on a meat hook and with a knife a finger or a knife. There's to be a knife, nothing happened, hey we're back, did what lie break. I was like four minutes but weird by quick hila describe to me what salt bay is doing here. First of all, that meat hits that corner real hard, this Jackie Chan, but he just stabs it and jumps off the hook like bro that this you know, I stabbed the meat. It's all freaking, it's in a refrigerating room. Why are you just stabbing a carcass bro? It's not cooking! So epic, he doesn't even take the hard turn he's a [, __ ]. You see how hard that meat turned and he bailed before the hard turn, which is what I wanted to see. Salt Bay get go for the ride of his life mm-hmm. So that's the kind of high-quality content you can expect from salt Bay. What is he doing? Instead? It was off the hook off the hook. Thank you, him yeah. Why didn't you say that on the mic, he just muttered the owners breath I got like he's so pasty and why you got to contribute to the show. If you got gaps, if you got laughs, if you got one-liners, please you know open. Your mic is hit. That's true, kim jeong-hoon on a white horse. This was pretty epic, the glorious leader of North Korea, the last horse left in North Korea that hasn't been named, yet him John negative space on the first picture. This guy is such a ding-dong bro. How is this guy, the glorious leader, there's literally nothing glories? First of all, what's with the supercut? Nothing, a $10 haircut, it's like a box and then he's got two little hooks on the side yeah. What is that he got so fat bro when he became the glorious leader. Have you seen him young? No, he was he. He was like pretty fit kim jeong-hoon young. He was like a pretty fit little spicy little twink. Oh no. He was always chubby I'm wrong. Yeah I was thinking him. His brother yeah he's a chubby little [ __ ], and he liked him. That's him with his glorious leader dad and Mickey Mouse. That's a regular dude. They just wants to chill at the Disneyland. You know what I'm saying this a healthy. Looking kid yeah! You looked like a healthy guy who eats kids. Guy he's a fact he's. Just like he looks like Cartman in real life like Asian Cartman. You know what I mean it doesn't make sense. I thought he was all fit. What the hell did I see. Maybe it was his brother yeah must have been his brother cuz. It looks like he's, always been a chubby little sucker. Maybe it was this I, don't know regardless he's on a horse and he looks like he's LARPing or something real-life role-playing. He looks like he's. Larping Skyrim he's on a mission on the next, a little bunny My Little Pony, role-playing girl from my strange addiction. Oh, you think he's Pony fetish. It looks like that and just reminds me also as horses like all like our fantasies, fantasy she'd out till like he looks like he's on his way to slay some ogres Shadowfax, but he is the ogre Shadowfax. Thank you, Dan! That's the Lord of the Rings reference for all you nerds out there [Music]. This is like a legit photo shoot. -. I wonder this is just PR like glorious leader, taking a ride, - yeah! They do this every so often. This is like a sacred mountain in Korea that he's riding atop. So it's like a Christmas card for all of Korea I. Don't think they have Christmas in North Korea, but it could be wrong yeah that country's so [ __ ] up. Well, there you have it glorious leader in a Scotty's, a Skyrim, our NPC. What else we got? We got a new scooter. Video granddad takes his daughter for the ride of her life until the friggin River do this is awesome. It's full sweetness. They calling her Nana - hello, Nana's like please dude your life is over. I was kind of hoping they would. You know, really take a dip in today. There's a real fear in their eyes. You know. So what happened here exactly? Did she hit the handle tickets? -, yeah and Nana tried to correct course, but it was all too late yeah bad idea. What, if that scooter is out for the count that looks like grandpa? Is that Nana mister? That's just like grandpa, but somebody said yeah, yes, I, understand, I thought I said someone say: man, yeah yeah, look she's, driving a Nana. Well, maybe now's. Why Anna's reporting all watching fantastic telling you guys scooters were dangerous. You saw what happened to Bobby Lee scooter in the wrong hands is uh can be a true danger. Oh this one you guys will enjoy scumbag of the decade award. This is a coveted new category here on the HTTP. Podcast I saw this today scumbag of the decade. Now this is a famous Brazilian singer who came to Los Angeles for a gig went to Disneyland and the first thing he does it is and I'm gonna show you the video he posted to Instagram. He goes. This is what he says in Portuguese. So you understand what he's saying he says just arrived at Disney bro check this out and then he points the camera at a girl. You'll see- and he says dear God, okay, so here's the video scumbag of the decade award goes to this dude. Here you are really not gonna like this. I was floored by this. This guy's, like a grown-ass man and a public figure, no less. It's a girl with cancer, we'll take care, I didn't land, my dudes. What is wrong with you bro, that's so crazy, so she's looking at you to make you at least like bro, like you are electric soulless. He says dear God, maybe I'm just trying to think like walk. What could he think could that well, I, read I read a follow up, you're wondering there's no way that this guy yeah is this heartless and trashy? Well, he lost a lot of uh he's starting to lose. Shows because of this he's losing deals yeah as he should I mean, come on you're a public figure, but I'll have some class. He he said in his defense. I just thought the outfit was funny. I wasn't trying to make fun of a girl with cancer. But again, if we look at it through that lens I'm still really not giving it a little girl she's a little girl with, and she looks completely normal for a luau, exactly elf, it's fine. The outfit is totally fine, dude! Imagine being that guy, he scored lucky he's a pop star in Brazil he's that Disneyland. What does he do? Targets a poor young girl and makes fun of her while she's looking at mr. part of the yeah? Can you at least not like do it in her face, so this guy is losing all of his deals and may his career may be over from this single Instagram video, so um scumbag of the decade award goes to this Brazilian singer and I hope that this that this little girl Disney reaches out to and gives a lifetime pass to Disney mm-hmm. That would be a magical thing when they're not unbelievable thoughts. Anyone have thoughts on that scumbag a decade I mean what is that if I can say, yeah I'm trying to look this up to find out what his name I didn't see his name? Maybe you can find yeah and it lets shame him Thank You Zakir, and would you like to shame today? Yes, he deserves his word. He deserves me more. Thank you! Well, there you have it now guys it's time to squash the beef and this beef is on a manny sandwich. He and the intern, as you may all know, recently, was the center of a drama here on the HD podcast the greatest show ever made, because we had put together an entire segment to find in true love. It was the bachelor with an h3. It was inspired by our favorite show The Bachelor, which actually is going to be returning next month. This isn't a sponsor I'm. Just you know speaking my mind. I do like that show and I'm looking forward to the return, though I'm, not a fan of Peter who they chose, but that's beside the point. Yeah Ian we set him up. We had two finalists and a third wild card. I found out had approached him in the DMS. He had been having a serious conversation with had been making a real connection with her, and he never told us about it. When I found out I said Ian, you need to bring her in as a wild card to protect the sanctity of the show, and he says no. He refused to include her as a contestant, so I said: okay Ian, then the show is over. The integrity of the show is over you're already interested in another girl. She came at you through a private eye through a DDM. Do you aren't she circumvented the proper channels of approaching him? It's the chain of command? You know you don't circumvent the chain of command. That's 101! Do you know that Ian you do not circumvent the chain of command. Don't answer that. Wait. You'll have your turn, and so we had a. We had a falling-out. There was huge drama and we had a falling-out I'm gonna, be there was lots of memes even on the podcast which I enjoyed seeing I was happy to see that also I do want to have a HTTP, podcasting meme corner. So if you guys enjoy these memes keep submitting them to the HDH reproduction subreddit cuz. These are fantastic. Oh wait! This came too early. Did you see that you know he's standing up right now, actually getting ready to go in so here's some use today's podcast when they started talking about the bachelor Ethan in ela. Dreaming Zack screaming and crying and Dan what does that convey damn the cat? It was just hitting the chips. Yeah yeah thousand points, I love to see you all engaged with the podcast. This is always great. Yeah I love that too, let me get this scumbag off the TV. We've got another one here. There was actually a lot of powerful names here here we go the family meeting, Dan momma, poppa, salaried employee and Ian sacred 8, Bachelor rules. That's right! That's right and then got there sue so vinegar, oh yeah! They. How could I forget a Photoshop, the chips in for dead man, that's great and then finally, we have another one. Here we go. Dm girl in h3 dating show contestant, spot-on, respond to this well you're gonna have to call him in yeah, okay. Why don't you come in already in while I'm looking at these memes and here comes in the salaried employee, so there's that he's made one dollar from the show, and then we had our honorable mention unrelated to the drama another meme I wanted to give love to. This is a meme that reference. How I say nobody's listening? It says nobody's listening that, but what past 45 minutes Ethan impossible? Well, that's true! We're about that moment now. So thank you to everyone who stuck around it. There's probably nobody listening anyway about [ __ ] push on so Ian says comes to me now we found a way to squash the beef now Ian. How are you feeling, after our last episode level with me, I'm ready for this all to be over like really bad, so I've drafted up a contract that essentially requires this to be fully done and never mentioned again? Okay. So if you want to just take a look at that, I will I haven't seen this before okay, but what Ian approached me with and I just want to stress that this isn't my idea and I would never propose this support. Young in you are so excited you jumble in it. It's I mean you brought I, don't I, wouldn't ever put you up. - I was backed into a corner a little bit. I think I will not really I mean not you. You did. You not proposed this to me because there no I, figured yes or no I had to come with something, okay that you guys would accept, and this seemed and we did and you did I had to it- was a proposed. Yes, you know, okay, you have to come up with an offer. We couldn't really. It had to be 10 said to me he said if you promise not to ever, if you promise to drop that bachelor C season of Ian's and oh I haven't seen it yet. I have a feeling I'll be making some amendments to this. No we'll see you know it's yeah I, don't my lawyer here I might have to afford this I think just don't even read it I think you should just start no come on anyway. He says me: if I eat a jar of mayonnaise, will you leave this alone? I said Ian and never talk about it again. I said in I love, you and I accept your terms already. We have well we're all dying to rid. This is all outlined in the contract. Okay and again, with this tiny jar, he went now Z by the way it's already set the precedent for what eating a jar of mayonnaise is on this show we have precedential. We have a precedent for what a jar of mayonnaise me. That's a full-sized jar, so you come in with this little [, __ ], by the way best foods. This is the real deal. This is good man. He doesn't even like off-brand, okay, uh-huh, I'm gonna accept it because I'm gonna accept on a technicality. Well, it is a jar. It's a jar at last, it's a jar, but what I'm gonna tell you right now in is that if you don't finish this jar, then the terms are not accepted because I'm giving you this tiny jar and you're already kind of grounds for dropping this deal already with this I think that we need to work this out through the contract yep. So let me pass this to you. Let me okay, this was your idea. I just do want to stress that wow, that's a lot of! Well, it's a lot of tax. No, the signee of this document hereby agrees to immediately cease all discussion regarding the pilot season segment of The, Bachelor and various topics related said. Subject matter. These topics may include such designations as Australian girl, Idaho girl, wild card and other affiliation. So can I not reference it it. It I'd, prefer you not to that language was pretty clear. It's pretty and I will I will bring that up if I feel like do you have a remedy if I do bring it up? Oh I pulled the plug. You just send that the show is over I have that power in the back in exchange, the party I'm home been eating chips right now. Just curious I wish that. Can you grab me some set up shots where Dan's eating it than that? Let's watch the damn this car, an exchange party in question now known as Ian, the salaried employee, will attempt to consume a jar of mayonnaise purchase at his own discretion. This contract does not stipulate a full consumption of the jar and the contract is not invalidate it if the chart is not fully consumed, but rather must be honored upon reasonable endeavor of full jar depletion. Now is that at my discretion, the full jar for the attempt you like it so good job. Yes, then I at my discretion, I can say that the agreement has been fulfilled. I think it I, don't I, don't trust you I think a ILA's discretion I think is you won't take four bytes you're gonna you're gonna quit after four bytes Zack Zack thinks he's Mayo hotshot. Now nothing on me. Yes, I agree. If I power in you, you look, can I trust. You yeah you'll fulfill a good faith effort. Yes, okay, and we both agree that he will be the arbiter of this agreement. Okay deal all right, so okay, but rather must be hard upon. Okay, yeah, yeah yeah. This contract is not dependent on stabilized devouring, stabilized devouring of said mayonnaise and in the circumstance of involuntary bodily injection of substance consumed, the contract is still vowed on. All points must remain and here to it that's fine, yes, I do vomit yeah the contract stands. I am fine with that. Okay, this agreement does not require minimal ounce requirements and the size of the jar is not relevant to the request of the line you mean yes, this jar is accepted. Do you agree to those terms? Yeah I'm, fine, with these all right? Well, here, here's a but well want one point: we do need to I think go ahead in Josiah. They are Dion I think like if we can reference this whole thing in retrospect, not continuing the drama or inquiring further but like referring to it as something that has happened as a historical moment on the show you can say that it exists. We can reference it as a historical moment on the pilot you can say there was a pilot season. The pilot scene did fail. Here's where here's, what all we cannot couldn't tell me to further elaborate. Any will agree to this. I will not inquire about any of your relationships with Australian girl, Idaho girl or card on the show, or anybody no relationship yeah, no I could talk about it, but I won't compel you to further talk about. You can't slander me on it anymore, slander, you! What's that I mean that's I disagree with some of the you know, paintings that were made of my character, but like what we're not gonna, this is we're done. No I want to know we're. I got peace. I am not engaging on I'm about to eat. Mayonnaise, okay, but I avoid these I can talk about it, but I can't compel you to spit I will not compel you to to speak further. You can say to the extent that the segment may have failed in certain ways that you believe mm-hmm, but that's it no more endure how you gonna prove slander. I have to consult my lawyer. These are hard to prove. Yes, I am altering the contract in. Let's remember who's I mean, let's remember. What's what this is your idea? This is our segment that you ruined. That's not true, but I don't even want to engage in that conversation anymore, I'm out, okay, okay, so I will not you both to sign this but hold on I need our eating. I need to make a minute. I, don't think you well! Here we don't need two men. We have a verbal agreement. We can reference. This I will not could tell you to speak about this experience or any of the girls. Mmm I do not agree. The Nazis I know continued. I will slander. You know no continued drama, creating its. What hey we'll let it be well, let yes we'll talk about it as a historical moment, but I will, let it be I will let it be so sorry Ethan, that's my signature. Okay, a 1022 and I'm gonna need a letter sign on the second line. If you could. Oh thank you. Is this calling sense get the best part hands down? I! Think! That's! That's how you know I'm serious. That is my signature. Yes, did you date? No, not yet it does say effective. As of today. Do we need a do? We need Oh degree, yeah yeah. We can get that afterwards, we can have so we cannot say Australia girl, Idaho. No man talk about all these things, but we cannot compel it further. We will talk about these peoples here. They're gone right, yeah. No! No! You have to make a good-faith effort. Can we pipe in some music or something here for the big moment, this is gonna, be so good. That's a tiny jar! Bro! You really fist up that useful. You should really finish that entire jar, like you, can't take that Klaus as a [ __ ] out to not eating that whole thing, I'm going to do a good faith attempt, but that no I see I. Don't like that. [ __ ] sign. Disagree, okay, just eat it. You look you're! The judge eat the damn man. You know a greater here. Okay, take that person. That's all you in just get just jump in on cold water. Oh my god, like a band-aid, you got this hold on good. He got that down. That was good. I love that eating mayonnaise is the benchmark of punishment. On this show somehow talk to me. That's [ __ ] disgusting. That's awful! You seem like a pretty good shape, though high five, oh god I can't be in here. That's alright! We got not for bye, put the trash can over by your chair. Oh you did. Are you dance Dan? You really do think for everything you're great producer. Thank you you're in good shape. So don't even that was a big bite. Yeah Ethan I'm, just saying he's in good shape, not doing good. Come on. Okay, Gil exact, look, yeah! Yeah! You don't encourage him here. Yeah you're, doing great you're right! I should encourage you you're doing it. [ __, ], awesome, you're, knocking those down. You're may go no you're putting Zach to shame. Bro oh come on did Zach drink water. We have liquid, he can have water. I. Think I need some water bring in some water stats, Ya Ya Ya, let's Lacroix your favorite. No, no! My stomach is you're, probably getting pretty low there, but Zack you're having some real competition Zack. What are you he's grabbing the water, so eggy and nasty? Oh you're, doing great man keep it up. This is truly awful to watch. Zack go good, get back in the mic. I want to hear from you. We got I need Zacks opinion on my technique. Here. Does the nose pinching help I, don't think so, yeah? Okay? What do you need? Well, what do you think about this cuz he's actually making a really good I think he's got a shot of finishing the jar I'm very proud of him. I feel how still queasy. Really after you look strong, though he can't quit so hard not to puke. You can't allow them to quit right. How many bites are you in I? Think three things like three five I think you're almost done you there's like two more. If you got, if you scrape the sides and get just like, let's get more big bites and you can just consider it you can you can move on with the wild card girl in and you can just live happily in your private life? Is it hit me in the bottom of the stomach I'm feeling it that's a that's a good. It might throw Limon down this room out behind that [ __ ] help you're doing great. This is so gross super impressed. Bro bite number four is Dan. Gonna do this to it. I was just thinking. I'm gonna have to do this eventually, when I spoke up, oh yeah, this is the way to solve everything that is laughing Dan you're, not eating chef, Ian, you're, doing bite number four ian is he's getting in there by number four. That was a big scoop Phil. Let me see what you got left. It is so disgusting. It hit you in the Taunton here, but I mean there's. Definitely like three I would say: 3/4 gone yeah. Definitely, oh that smells strong. What's the babies are, though, please make me stop well also Zack, if I recall had like a big ass serving spoon which I have I ate half of the bigger one. Yes, this is still a good. This is a few sandwiches worth here. Yeah, that's easy one more bite and can I be done no more tomorrow. It's two more bites come on, because if you took you said a ferret time, let me just say you know, can do one more bite than he can do to. Let's just keep going. Oh I'm saying if he says he's got one more bite, then he's got to I'm. Not gonna lie to you. Ian you're, gonna, you're, gonna puke, later I'm not encourage him. There are like wine, is the majority and then there's like another little but ELA. He can do it and you can do it. She seems to be accepting one body. He didn't give a verdict. I'm accepting one but Ron, make sure it's big. Let's see the size, it's pretty much gone! Okay, that's, which is it's a much empty? Well, not honestly! I think you ate more than is active. Hold on you wait. This I'm I think I'm getting a okay, oh yeah, yeah yeah yeah, get that in there got in there score Falls. Alright, don't plug your nose. More than Zak I do well I gotta plug my nose. I got it nope do a plug is no suck good job. Ian I'm, proud of you, man, you earned this, you earned it yeah. Probably you earned this. You earned this unbelievable the culmination of the bachelor season. One pilot comes to an end with Ian eating a small jar man it who could have seen this coming folks. What a nobody you never know what's gonna happen in The Bachelor, you might find true love and you might find the inside of a best foods, mayonnaise jar. So congratulations to you we're very proud. All right, I can't believe I'm taking this copy. How are you feeling like that's about yet so I feel really gross I feel like I feel like. If you know did you have trouble with that last night, that one was hitting me hit, go down you're like? Does it stick getting like little you're gonna puke, I'm tasting it so strong, really yeah puke, and that do you, like I, feel like a sandwich right now. It's just slathered up on my bread and meat to me to balance your so it's really close [Music], okay, I gotta go right! Thank you! Well, that was amazing and thank you. I appreciate this you're. Lucky, yellow is the judge, but I mean you. You definitely made a good-faith effort. You didn't [ __ ] up I'll, give you that credit. So so there you go mum's the word on The, Bachelor and I want to stress to everyone who thinks I'm being cruel or let's say: oh, oh you're bought you're not allowed to make your employees eat mayonnaise as a punishment mm-hmm. Well it was his idea. Okay, yeah I, hear him coughing backstage Khamis get any updates. How's he's fine, it's fine, yeah he's fine cool. That was exciting. Is this the best show on earth? Or what do we do? We always have something going on here in the issue podcast studio. This is the greatest show ever made outer I'll say that every time you don't need a sound bite me Wow, so you think yeah I, don't think so. I think that's impossible that he ate more than Zach I mean it was impressive and I give him all the credit in the world, but I'm gonna have to watch Zach hit a full jar of mayonnaise with a servings, but he didn't finish it. No. But that thing was like a quarter of the size. Zach was going way more aggressive in flute to he hit like ciri was serving SIA. Okay Zach was shoveling. This I give you in a lot of credit, though yeah I'm, very proud of him. I guess that is still the mayonnaise champ, but use the mayonnaise print. What am I gonna do that I'm gonna have to eat a jar managed to make up for either u2 and Dan. Then man is definitely enough, the manager for before the end of the year. That's honestly, that's gonna be exciting. What's with you, why are you all why? Why are you have your areas been so dan? Why are you? Why are you drunk good? My called in here? You always crank. They see honestly easing in here honestly, honestly, that's why I'm getting on keto won't be hot. All the time yeah he's running a real hot yeah I got a sweater and a beanie too. Yes, well I, like the way it looks. Okay, did we didn't watch the new Star Wars trailer? Let's watch this everyone's hyped about the new Star Wars. Wait. You gonna put it on yeah, it's gonna get us dang. You can't claim me for showing the [ __ ] trailer that you want everyone to watch, you agree, doesn't make any sense. They're, totally gonna dingus, we'll all dispute that [ __ ], all the way to [ __, ], bail out I mean maybe I shouldn't show. We can also skip it. It's always something somebody's gonna claim this episode. Every someone always claims the episode. Absolutely P till I get to the main stories you want to just cut to the chase, but people want to know what we think about the Star Wars trailer. They do a Star, Wars I'll tell you I, don't care why people care about trailers so much that's what I don't get the trailer hype? Well in general, if you there's a movie or super excited about you get a little tease there about what what it's about. So it's exciting ela I like trailers, let's watch so just update the last one Luke Skywalker drink, some tit, purple, tip milk and Princess Leia went for a spacewalk. It was I think it was widely held to be bad. The last one can we all agree on that I mean I thought it was terrible, but I think it was pretty eyes widened, I, don't think virtual I think, like 5050 a lot of people liked it a lot, let's say mixed, but the third one is usually the good one it is like. Are we not in December I have to yes, I have to say I'm, gonna, stop pausing a sec, the Star Wars, the third one is always the best one. It's a weird card disagree. What harshness agree? I agree. The third one is always the best one. A star wire is the best of your eternity without a doubt Return of the Jedi. No, what about the charger being swung? There was also one was about more than that. The third one was like DISA. It was good I, most people do hold the third one of the prequels to be the first two were like total ass, but then so I'm just saying that this one from the original three you're saying the third one. Everybody loves the third one Return of the Jedi. That's not people's favorites of the originals. No, no Empire is widely considered to be the best. Second one yeah, that's the second one that disagrees and I disagree, you're overruled. What does the end think he agrees with me I'm with Dan on this one Oh anyway. Listen to say: okay, whatever forget everything, I said it's an instinct [Music] feeling the force brought together. [Music] we're not home good people will fight. If we leave them. [Music] people keep telling me. They know me. [Music] and I wonders [Music]. You know and stuff can fill up the insult now. People I know you're coming together, [Music] I'm doing and don't like trailers or typical hating you taking one last look, sir, my friends: okay, that seam is [, __, ], stupid, yes, II think Pele doesn't even know them. His friends are Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia. You know and I'm not having an emotional reaction to c-3po go and kamikaze. Just like bro, hello, you don't know these [ __ ] I hate that they're doing some emotional play on that line that you pointed out of no one. No one knows me: it was already so bad that was very in selling more than any insel moment in the Joker I. This trailer is awful, I hate it because they just show you so much, and it just tells me always that the movies bad mmm I, like trailers that are like cryptic like this is cryptic I, don't know this is already too long. In my opinion, I, don't think this is not I mean there's there's where they show you the entire plot of the movie yeah. Those are like the extreme awful ones there I think they're too, don't necessarily know what's happening in this just from this trailer, but that longing was just stupid. It's Star, Wars, no, like I, feel like it gets a pass. I, don't know what just it's just Star Wars like everyone's gonna, see it in love. It I passed on c-3po guv Kamikaze. We haven't seen the movie, yet we don't know. Why? Do you keep saying he's Kamikaze him? Well, duh! That's like foreshadowing that he's dying, I guess he's going to sacrifice his life to save the [ __ ] rewatching I mean obviously he's gonna die. It's so other people taking one last look, sir. My friends, obviously he's gonna die hello. Those aren't his friends [ __ ]. Are they to him? Well, maybe that's right. Maybe they go through a lot during the movie I guess without it, though [Music] to fear gets easy, lay understand. We didn't get an after day money itself. In reality the or death City. The saga will answer the cook method. [Music] they team up, like they kind of spoil that right, like look. They team up, they team up their Palpatine goes your undoing. Was you coming together, so they team up against Palpatine. They just struck that together obvious. What did I say? That's what I mean this is the kind of trailer that just goes on forever. With you awful, oh by the way, that's sound, byte, there's a little mangoes, it's like twist cuz there they do a little uh, Luke Skywalker and then they bring in Leia I. Think that's Leia and it's like yeah. It's just a little mangled I said that sound three ways will be with you. Oh sounds like a totally different situation, am I wrong hard to see until we see it, I guess so boy I think I mean look I, think it's got a good chance of being good. I think that the last one was truly and honestly and horrifically just awful the whole subplot with the band space bandit and freeing the [ __ ] space horses was truly one of the worst moments in cinematic history and I mean that and I was I. Was thoughtless, I hated every minute of that, but if we are talking about trailers and just write it as a trailer, this is a very awful trailer. I disagree I think it's fine says it: it's not a Star Wars trailer like a typical [, __, ] I will tell you this. You know the writer and director changed on this film. Actually, it's the one who did the first one right there, yeah yeah yeah, so the first one I loved the second one I hated and the third one is the guy who made the first one correct, so a room so yeah so that that's promising. But you come I'm not talking about the movie I'm. Talking about the trailer I mean I'm, gonna, walk I'm in the middle is a basic trailer yeah, it's a it's. Definitely not as hype as I mean I, actually think the trailer I hated the last movie, but I thought the trailer for the last movie was pretty good like it had me excited for it, and this one I definitely feel yeah I, don't know I'm, seeing it we're all watching that I'm going at midnight, I mean yeah. Come on. I already have my second no I'm gonna watch it. That's that's how I think this is sparking a conversation that I am personally passionate about trailers. Yeah I feel you on that. Most trailers do suck most of them suck, and this is so basic for Star Wars. Well, we saw I should have a better trailer. We saw Joker what was that movie where they gave away the entire year, plus it's yeah, raising it's like it's like Vin Diesel was a detective who lost his whole family and then went on revenge, but then found a friend had changed his life and fell in love and he got his revenge and like Oh, who'sa blood blood, shot, looks cool. Actually, it says it's a trailer that goes on right well, but but it was just going on forever and you could tell the whole story, but blood shot did give away a lot now that I think about it. Is that the trailer that you're talking about? No it's not it was something on him. He's got another one coming it gave away, it wasn't necessarily Vin Diesel I was just okay, but then Vin Diesel gets double-crossed by his best friend that you thought was his friend the whole time, but he can't trust anybody by the last act to the film yeah that shit's, crazy bro, but on the topic of film we did see. Joker and I would like to talk about yeah, Joker hysteria, um I. Personally, first of all really liked this film I mean - I'm, a fan of the Batman universe. Batman is my favorite superhero, and let me tell you why he's just a human being? He doesn't have super powers, he's just a genius and he's rich and he's got good principles and morals and he fights for justice, but he's also a little twisted because he witnessed his barons being murdered. Batman is real. He's epic and I love, Gotham and I love the whole Batman universe. Okay, now Joker I thought I've, always loved Joker -. On this con, its own I mean it's a great character. Joker probably is one of the. If not greatest comic book villains I mean most iconic, even in just popular culture. Right Joker's is awesome and you nobody's ever really tackled a Joker origin story. It's always remained a total mystery and what this movie attempts to do is tell an origin story about Joker. We have to remember that this movie, because it tries to take a realistic look into the life of of this man who becomes Joker it's in Gotham City. We are in a comic book setting if Gotham is this just the city is in ruin, it's just it's like over the top just oppressive. It's just all. It's like everything, bad about metropolis in New York, because it's really sad New, York Times, you know 50, it's a great depression level of poverty and I loved also had they made the city look and just it was obviously New York, but you felt like you were in Gotham City, which is awesome and then what was really I'm trying not to give away major spoilers. So if you haven't seen the movie I think I'll try my best not to give away major spoilers, but what I love the most about this film is that so it's a lot about Bruce, Wayne's, father, Thomas, Wayne and in the Batman stories we always hear about Batman's father. As this great philanthropist. He was trying to save the city. He was like this great infallible, incredible man that was murdered at the hands of a petty criminal who the very person who was trying to save and Gotham right. But what we see is actually the the other side of the coin. What we see is is like I'm, more realistic right he's a he's, a greedy, arrogant businessman who looks down on the poor and the criminals in the destitute. He is an upperclassman he's, a snob he's power-hungry and we even get to see. What's the butler's name, when uh Alfred, we even get to see Alfred, who idolizes and protects Bruce and raises Bruce in the stead of his father, who's, also kind of a kind of a douche to kind of a snob they're elitist. They look down on the lower classmen and Thomas Wayne is running for mayor, and you see, at least from the perspective of someone who's on the bottom rungs of society, that this guy really really is not is really not looking out for them, at least from their perspective, and to me, when you look at the Joker mythology and Batman he's basically a cult leader. He has all these worshipers who dress up like clowns and do his bidding and get him resources. And- and you know, they basically do his master plans and what you see is kind of an explanation for how the Joker becomes a cult-like figure with followers and worshipers who are willing to join his movement. It's not even really a movement he's really a an anarchist in the film he's, not political in any way he's just an anarchist who's kind of just broke he's just broke by his his upbringing by society and I thought, first of all, I really liked seeing all these classic tropes from a different perspective from the Batman universe. And what what struck me the most is there I just kept hearing about how he's like in cell and promoting violence and I? Just what struck me is just how I didn't see that at all watching the film he to me strikes me as a typical antihero I mean he's just an antihero he's a violent criminal he's, a murderer, he's just a total lunatic um by hero or villain. He's not a villain in this story. He's an antihero I, wouldn't consider him a villain but but mm, but you can see how he became. He is a slippery slope. They show him kind of getting lost in the sauce as they say, but but but it's not there's a relatable descent into madness which I, like you want you, you see how it happens and I didn't really see the film condoning his behavior I didn't see them making any political statements. I certainly didn't see the insulting, because there was a moment where he was involved with a woman I liked that dynamic they didn't force it. They just did it enough. They didn't play it up to a point. Where was obnoxious and then when, when something happened, they moved right along. Never was you violent towards a woman or in Sully or even mention sex or even having negative opinions about women at all? I didn't get the in so vile em at all people say it's overly violent, not really I mean that part I don't get. It wasn't really overly violent. If I'm being honest, the violence was very tasteful in a very tasteful I mean I thought it was like dark and bald I guess to make a video about him. But that's what I like about it. I thought that was awesome, but people love all the Marvel movies and there's violence and those I don't get. What's the difference, indiscriminate violence, it was, it was a part of the plot. You know what I mean it wasn't just he was just indiscriminately bloody and murderous I thought it was fantastic. I really enjoyed the film and something I noticed about. It, too, is that if you go to like Metacritic or around tomato, it has a very low score like 50 60 %. But if you go to IMDB it's like number 15 of all time, so the users, the audience, loves it. The critics hate it, which is something I noticed happening. A lot more I wanted to read some of the comments from the critics, because this is what I went in with the expectation of of seeing stuff like, let's see, New York Times. We are now at the phase of the argument cycle. What actual ticket buyers have a chance to see what all the fuss is about? Which means that it's also time for me to say my idea, he says: are you kidding me to be worth art? This is too much it's too much The New Yorker. The result is a movie of cynicism, so vast and pervasive as to render the viewing experience even emptier. Then it's slapdash, aesthetic does Joker, tries to question the expert exploration of mental illness for entertainment and the consequence of society of banding its weakest members, but the film is in turn exploiting mental illness and using it as an excuse for Arthur's nefarious actions. This feels tone-deaf in a way where mental illness is being wrongfully linked to mass violence in the u.s.. The film is aware enough to draw from great film about toxic masculinity and loneliness, but not enough to critique Arthur's behavior instead of painting them as helpless alone or driven to violence by forces out of his control. Dude I, don't see any political statement in this film at all, like I, think these critics are reading too deep into that's what I think too, like it's just also, why? Let's don't tell me what you think about politically tell me: did you enjoy the film yeah? That's what I was wrote. What are you talking about? It's an artistic form of art and the actor did so good I just enjoyed it. I was. It was an amazing performance by him. I I thought that aesthetic was great I, don't know what there's nothing about I enjoyed everything I, don't know what Time magazine says: Joker wants to be a movie about emptiness of our culture. Instead, it's a prime example of it again. I disagree. We're talking about Gotham, City I, don't believe they're trying to make an allegory for our society in any way. Yeah I really don't think so. I think we're talking about Gotham, City I was talking about the Batman universe. Why are we so desperate why these critics so desperate to make this a political I didn't see it in America? There's a mass shooting or attempted act of violence by a guy like Arthur, practically every other week wrong. I! Don't think that I don't think that they're saying what he did is okay by the way right and by the way, what he did wasn't just a random act of mass violence. Either he didn't just go, ran and a random movie theater and start shooting people up. It was, and in most cases in the first incident where he murders, three people is the result of them. You know in in in and his yeah, but but again it's not random acts of violence. It's just not at least up to the lead-up of development of his character. So Zack and Ian did you guys, watch it. I know, Dan hasn't and finally, The Times Magazine I want to read this one. He says he could easily be adopted as the patron saint of in cells. That's so stupid and you know I feel bad for Joaquin Phoenix, cuz, he's ket and the director the catching [ __ ], like Joaquin Phoenix, is trying to do interviews and promote the film which, by the way, is doing awesome. It's gonna make like a billion dollars worldwide. The studio, I read was nervous to even fund the film. They gave it a super low budget, they even tried to discourage them, making it and now it's made them a billion dollars, and people and interviews are trying to act like a squawking Phoenix like he walked out of an interview of think. You know about the stand where they were asking him about like how does he feel about? Does he feel like he's, encouraging violence and [ __ ], like that yeah yeah, why he was asked he was worried that the film might perversely end up inspiring exactly the no well it's about its justice like what do you and he walked out? It's not about any people, it's about. Why is it children with this movie? People are watching so many superhero movies all the time. Lately, what is different, there's always a villain. The villain is always crazy, I think it's because it's the protagonist, the protagonist in this that is what's interesting about this people are people? Are babies like they can't like they've, been kind their brains have been ruined by the Marvel movies? It's like, if the subject of the movie isn't a good that really dark version of the x-men. Oh yeah, the good guys on Amazon. It's called the good guys right. The superhero is so good, yeah. So great. Why didn't that show catch [, __ ]? Maybe it did I, don't know, but I love it. We've got a little bit, but I think it flew under the radar. That shows me. I can't wait for season yeah seriously I. Don't it we're talking about the Joker, the most infamous criminal of all time, I love, I, personally love. My favorite types of villains are the ones that they can develop in a way that makes you sympathetic to them makes them relatable on a human level, because that's what real villains are. They are relatable they're, not just evil, for the sake of being evil, they have motivations and they have justifications and they don't see themselves as the villain. That's what good writing is. That's what good character development is. Things are not black and white, and that's why I love seeing it from his perspective. Obviously, he's a violent girl he's a joker [ __ ] babies like you, said that they're just babies he's the patron saint of insults. He never talked about anything like that. He was, he was a total um. He was a total uh anarchist because at the end he goes uh. Do you support the the protest and the rights and, what's going on politically, because I don't care about any of that I'm just here, you know what I mean mmm-hmm he's, not political and what you're saying he's a nihilist poison. He's a nihilist he's an anarchist exactly there you go. What did you? What did you think in and Zach I thought it was one of the greatest movies I've ever seen if I was like Silence of the Lambs I enjoyed that film I did too with the music, and it was just it was amazing. I agree, I thought it was great. I I was fully satisfied by the conclusion of that film. It was just it took components from different films and it just made it I. Don't know it was. It was so good. Also, it's it's so cool that you can take someone like the Joker and make a somewhat serious yeah a a cinema cinema from it. Yeah I thought Joaquin Phoenix did an amazing job. You know what I thought I loved it. You know, you know what I'd love to see is um. This be the beginning of a Batman series with what yeah Enoch says. The Joker that could be cool I would love that out, though unfortunately, oh I want that so bad I think he he views himself as too serious of walking of an understood to do. But I wonder if there's a way to continue the series in the same art artful way, I mean I think that that certainly be better than the [ __ ] other DC movies that me Yes Man of Steel and all that garbage. That's all hot garbage me out, but in you you didn't really yes, uh yeah I was just like I was all right, I mean I enjoyed it. I'm not like this is silence Williams greatest movie I've ever seen, but like I mean I had a good time. Did you get n subs I, don't thinks I mean he's I, don't think it says in say that they're jumping to that, but I think that they're being extra critical of this movie and I don't really understand. Why? Because a lot of movies do that yeah they have anti-heroes, so I, don't know yeah I, don't I, don't I really, don't know why he this I. That's what I didn't understand. They're laying could like this super heavy criticism against this film. That seems like you could say that about a lot of films and I, don't know why they singled out Joker. Specifically, it was more of a mental illness film than any fright, - yeah, but I'm trying to think because it's not again, it's not really a man of serious comment on mental illness either it's a very exaggerated, incredibly wild this. This I mean the guy is really just the victim of circumstance. Throughout his whole life, I mean like a minor spoiler here, is that his mom is mentally ill. Well, maybe I should actually. This is yeah I'm, not gonna, go where I'm going, but but I don't really see it. As a serious commentary on mental illness either because then people are gonna like criticism, oh well, you're gonna say that mentally ill people are yeah, I, don't see, I, don't know I I loved it I, don't think they were attempting, at least in some level, to get that point across. So with the difficulty of getting right that heads and things like that in the program being shut down and all that stuff, so I feel like they were trying for some sort of commentary there. That's true- and you know what I loved about his costume is. It was so simple like there was I love. His clothes yeah costume was awesome, then like at the end, when he don't finally Dawn's this persona of Joker yeah. He just dies his hair. It's a little purple they're, not really purple or green I mean yeah. It's like very realistic. He puts on them paint I love that scene, where he's painting his face and he paints his donkey. Yeah, it's great. It's great yeah, it's just there wasn't any bells and whistles. It was just to the point and cool roger ebert. Calm says: as social commentary: joker is prone a pernicious garbage, so there you have it. The critics unanimously hate it. Yet it's number fifteen greatest film of all time on IMDB I mean that'll go down. New movies are always very inflated. It'll stay on that list. It'll blow yeah it'll stay high on that speaking of 15 early on it will you know, it'll drop down, maybe 100 or so, but it'll Joker, IMDB, LSU or Israel. Let me ask you: did you? How would you compare it to like the Heath Ledger roll of the joke? Well, it's so different. It's like a whole different thing like eath Ledger was number 13 right now, dan 8.9 very well, and that's what 361 thousand points Heath Ledger's was I. Guess I could see Heath Ledger a continuation of Joaquin Phoenix in a way because if you kind of skip ahead 15 years from where that movie left off I can see in some ways that character being a continuation, but the one criticism I did have of the film is that the Joker is supposed to be a criminal mastermind. A genius I mean Batman is like they say. The greatest detectives ever lived, Batman isn't a genius. He is an incredibly smart investigator, and so this his portrayal of the Joker was really not. He was not by any means a mastermind mm-hmm. He was not by any means. In my opinion, a rival to Batman I mean the Batman that we know from the comic books would just absolutely own this guy. But what they do in this film is that they set this movie about 15 years ahead of when thomas wayne was murdered and batman watched his parents die. So what I think they're attempting to do is to give time for him to develop into well the Joker, happy and and traditionally comes up at the same time as Batman. So Batman comes up and Joker comes up at the same time, look they're around the city yeah. But what happens in this film is that the Joker makes his first appearance when Bruce Wayne is like 10 years old. So it's a different. It's a little different timeline, so I I'm I'm. Supposing that they're saying that he's somehow going to be developing and to the Joker that we know, because he has 15 years to kind of get his crime and cult down, but I had a hard time, imagining him as a rival about it right. I had a very hard time. That was my only criticism out of the film cuz I kept thinking. I wish they would have made him like just have a little more genius or something because he is just kind of apathetic. Just apathetic slow, just kind of a victim of circumstance and I. Don't know the Joker is definitely not any of those. So that's my review. Baby cool y'all watch it this way. Yeah. You definitely gotta I'm curious what you think about it: I'm PewDiePie banned in China. This is pretty spicy by the way [ __ ], China China is like the most sensitive bitch-ass country. This president, see how do you say his name Qi see G, it's just X I g-g-gee he's such a sensitive little [ __ ]. He can't handle being likened to Winnie the Pooh. If with people who said I looked like one of the pills, I was the meanest thing. People said about me: I'd be lucky: here's some of the memes that PewDiePie showed they got him banned throughout all of China manga anime Netflix adaptations, I love that that's good, oh hi, G Jinping lost hair. Can you help him find it? This is much better than six is Winnie. The Pooh here liberate Hong Kong, the revolution of our time, censored censored censored Zhi ping and Chinese newspaper. It's like a jack 20 the pill, Zhi ping and Hong Kong newspapers going mad on honey, Jing, Zhi ping ding. How do you say his name? Zhi ping, Jie, Zhi ping, Jie, Zhi ping I believe say that again, Zhi Zhi ping, but I could G is G pain in American, newspapers, I'm, assuming that's like a missing chromosome China then built the Great Wall invented, gun, powered powder, trained martial arts China now scared of winning the pill. So true, Hong Kong after 150 years of British rule Hong Kong after 22 years of Chinese rule when South Park mocks you for censoring media, and so you prove them wrong by censoring them. I agree. This whole thing of like over censoring just makes you look so weak and pathetic. If you're really strong, you shouldn't be like how insecure is this guy ji ping that you're not allowed to say he looks like when a the pill which, by the way, it's kind of endearing yeah? What's the problem we're doing in the pool I think he wants to be seen as a serious guy, but I mean dude. You do kind of look like went though yeah I don't know if this is racist, but it, but it's not a bad thing it like whenever food is kind of cute. What do you push but now that he hates it now? It's like the hot new meme yeah, of course yeah he looks. Is it racist to say a Chinese person looks like Charlie Brown? What what because he looks like Charlie Brown but I, feel like you could say that about a lot of eight of Chinese people. Look, he looks like Charlie Brown, look at Charlie, Brown doesn't really well I guarantee. Does let me show you look here's Charlie Brown and here's his face. He literally looks like Charlie Brown hello. He looks like Charlie Brown. Are you kidding me? That's Charlie Brown as an adult. Not really. What can anyone back me up here? Thank You battle, yeah right I can kinda sit. Thank you not growing a skin. So anyway, pewdiepie basically didn't even say anything like me like, where I'm going like I totally agree what democracy I think democracy is so important to the survival of humanity, I love, democracy and freedom and I. Think the people of Hong Kong deserved a maxime for him. I think the United States should support Hong Kong, because when one country's are democratic, the whole world benefits I. Think that Trump is a little bitch-ass, [ __, ], [, __, ] coward. Sorry for not supporting Hong Kong, he literally said China can handle their own business. That's unamerican! He needs to say that Hong Kong, [ __, ] or rules, and we will always, as is in the Constitution I, mean believe in the ideals of democracy and human freedom. Yes, then hit him with the honestly Zack. What are we supposed to? Do? We're not gonna go to nobody war with China at least voice support for them. Yeah, okay, you know what I mean, don't be a little coward sure, that's fair honestly, I mean you know I'd like to see my president having a spine and standing up for for their the ideals of freedom that defines us as a nation as a people. I feel you on that. I just don't know what are they gonna do I, don't know and I just don't know. If it's that specific to Trump, I, don't think Obama would have said [, __, ], either I think I think he did mmm I'll. Look it up. There wasn't a crash going on when Obama was president in Hong Kong, regardless tentacle. What do you think George Bush would have said? What do you don't think you would have said what about Jimmy Carter Jimmy Carter is a pretty nice guy. He might have said something. Oh he's it's about niceness now well, I mean I, think you're wrong. I. Think other presidents would have said something because Trump said Trump said: China should handle their business right, I mean and that's yeah I mean he's. Isolationist he's always been like yeah other countries. Your problem kind of thing is his attitude. So sorry and well I, disagree I, feel you Dan I'm agreeing with you that we should be supporting the pro-democracy, how much no I'm just I'm, just also on a pragmatic level, what it? What is it? What are we supposed to do? We're gonna invade China invade China? What are you exactly, of course we're not gonna do that. So what like? You should I think it's important to say it to say yes and and to be also a frank, oh I'd like to see America, maybe even giving a to Hong Kong support, diplomatically regulation. Aliy I think that we have to take a stand against. China is just the most. It's just scary. The government there it's good, it's it's terrifying and if you have the option between China and Hong Kong as a player on the world stage for the betterment of humanity, Hong Kong is is uh is good for the world. These are. These. Are people to believe in freedom. They are productive, they're, powerful, they're educated. These are group. This is a great place. Hong Kong is like a beacon to the world. Dan I do think the United States should be supporting them in any way. We can short of yes invading China dan went dropping nukes on China, honestly, honestly, honestly anyway. I do think that I would like to anyway, whatever he didn't say anything like that PewDiePie, he didn't say anything close to that, but yet he was banned in China, we're about to be - by the way I. Don't they care about us? Was there I? Don't that PewDiePie swag yeah? What does it even mean? Cuz isn't like YouTube and Google is alright yeah. That's what I wonder not even so what they did is basically like China's version of Google and they have their own version of YouTube. So now PewDiePie is just banned off all those like they scrub the Internet of his name. Like you there's just no mention of them anymore. He doesn't exist over there. Incidentally, that's what they used to do in 1984. They would erase people from memory down the memory hole and people would act like they'd, never heard of him before so now. Everyone China's gotta, be like oh yeah. We never heard of PewDiePie. Let's see they had a picture, someone had a picture of what happens when you search for it here. Oh yeah, PewDiePie joke that China took copyright of PewDiePie in 2017, without him being able to stop them. Look at this copyright. This is so China. We deal with this [ __ ]. Actually we're dealing with some [ __ ] like this right now. Look at this. You see how it's written PewDiePie, they make wedding, dresses, clothing, gloves and wedding. Dress. Isn't that amazing yeah there's somebody trying to do that. [ __ ] to us in China right now that we're trying to deal with but trying to kind of give him a favor in a way cuz. They probably are out of business self. Oh, this was awesome. Look at this. Someone made a gif of his face, transforming in the winning of the pill, and it's really good yeah I mean I would be I would be honored to be blocked in China too I. Don't you know oh yeah, this other DJ's EDD. He do. You know what happened to said. He had a tour plan for China. He liked a South Park man did we talk about it? Damn we talked about this I think it happened afterwards. Yeah South Park made a whole episode about banned in China and they got banned in China, and then this DJ Zedd, who was the plan to tour in China, liked one tweet from South Park and the and they banned him dude like how many people in China are sitting in the Ministry of Truth, just monitoring Twitter. Do you know what I'm saying like that's a lot of manpower just to look at SEDs of likes? That's a deep cut, that's not even a pulse! That's a like here's! What happens when you search PewDiePie and SHINee? He like this is it just says: 404 Oh, error, 404, interesting, I, guess I'm a certain website, although some people say that it wasn't blocked who knows being reported more widely. Now this whole incident so I think it is. It was probably getting more articles coming out today about it. It probably just took time to really scrub the Internet of them. You know, mm-hmm I mean I would be honored to join that list, but I don't think they care about the little old age, 3 podcast, but I trust me I would love to be banned. That would just only validate my my opinion that this is the most important not only the best, but the most important show in the world. I support, Hong, Kong and I think the US government should more support. Hong Kong. This is all pretty new to me. This whole China versus Hong Kong situation. It's pretty it's pretty what so Hong Kong was ruled by the British. After when to the bridge, take a 12, Hong, Kong Oh early 1800s I, want to say had the point, the height of their empire. That's crazy man. They just should have lost a nice juicy piece of China Loney, ilysm baby, why not mm-hmm so anyway, they had freedom and basically, all the rights and ideals of Western society and they negotiated with China to give back Hong Kong to China like 20 years ago, and so in that deal they made an agreement that China they would have an autonomous government and that they would still enjoy the certain freedoms that they've enjoyed for the past hundreds of years under British rule like for a time. It's actually part of that agreement was in I, want to say, 20 46 in the 2040s China is supposed to fully take over Hong Kong, like that's still in the cards for them. Really they would just sell them out like that, just a full. It's all you China yeah. What is what are the British care? So this is about all this. Well, the British obviously cared to negotiate some terms. I mean you know what motivation of the British have to give it back to China. Anyway, their empire was crumbling and they didn't couldn't sustain it anymore. Well, regardless this whole protest started over a new law that China mainland China could act. What's the word, god dead, what annex? No nope that you could uh when you take a criminal from Oh, X Trudeau after you can extradite people from Hong Kong to mainland China right and they and I think they were afraid that that would be used to go in and arrest. You know with the centers yeah yeah, so it's the whole thing man, but I just don't got a support. Freedom and democracy where it is Hong Kong is trying to separate themselves yeah, that's what they're it started as this, but now it's turned into something: much bigger, there's a movement to it and it's it's complicated, not everybody! There wants that. A lot of people obviously do that's. Why there's violent clashes and everything, but you know, there's aspects of society there that are more friendly to China and you know just like any place, there's a variety of opinions and so well, there's. Obviously therein aliens appear like they local, yes and there's a huge nesting there's a huge clashes of of Chinese or Hong Kong police I. Guess who are backed by China right and the more violent it gets, the more people are getting crazy and China is working feverishly to censor people talking about it. As we talked about last week, so yeah I mean I, didn't know. What's gonna happen there, because China is pretty crazy. They just they just straight up right I, don't think they have a problem just with outright violence. So yeah we'll see yep, it's a powder keg. It's a scary situation, but anyway, congratulations to pewdiepie from being banned in China, I command, him and I hope follow suit. Oh here's, the main story of today you guys probably seen influencers celebrities just giving out their phone number and saying hey guys, I'm bored, give me a call and I'll text. You back and you may have thought yourself. That's strange yeah! Why are all these celebrities giving out their phone number all the sudden, even site on length, Twitter news, I, don't know who was the celebrity I wasn't really paying attention, but they, it said, like whatever celebrity X, really wants you to call his personal number. What that was trendy yeah stupid well, when I first saw it I was like. Oh it's just some weird thing: they're into I first saw ninja, do it, but then I started seeing all kinds of people doing this and I was like there's something going on here. Well, it turns out there is a big company behind all this called community. It's basically just an ad agency that allows influencers to text, promotions and exclusive offers to their people who text them so you're. Basically, when you text them, you're enrolling yourself to get spammed by this, but you're not talking to them at all. Also, obviously, that's not the real number, even though everyone is like presenting it like yeah, okay, this is creator early you're gonna call my number literally not well stay tuned, because I have a collection of all these celebrities, what they say about it, and it's just it's so disingenuous because they all pitch you like this is totally insane that I'm doing this. But here's my number: it's like [, __, ], you, it even says in the small small print it's like this number was given to them by community. They didn't, they didn't even make the number. It's literally just an ad agency that you're opting and for these celebrities to spam. You will [ __ ] directly to your phone and even worse, you're giving community your phone number to spam. They're selling it they're scraping date, uh guess what you textin injured, they're like ooh again, these people are into games and they opt it in now. Now that divisions gonna, send them promotions by text. Yeah I can't imagine a worse thing to get on my phone, like I, get spam everywhere. I get spammed halls now I'm getting I'm getting spam texts, it's pretty awful, it's awful and they're so dishonest! That's the part that really ticks me off is that none of these guys are up front about it. Let me let me continue on community is a marketing company. The Ashton Kutcher is heavily invested in. They are polygons dug into their Terms of Service. One section reads: additionally: you understand that a message sent sent by a client may appear to come from a celebrity or other famous individuals or influencers, but may actually be sent to on his or her behalf by public relations or other social media representatives. Yeah, you mean every single one. The terms of use go on to say that the messages aren't even private. So if you text this number they own, whatever you said by the way, but that the interactions are purely intended as promotions or advertising. The phone numbers are also provided by community. So no, you cannot call up ninja and ask what he's doing for Thanksgiving. You understand and acknowledge that conversations using the service are not private conversations with clients, but are intended as messages sent, an interaction solely for purpose of promoting and/or advertising, the client and the clients, products and services. Additionally, someone on reddit speculates that they are likely farming people's numbers for later sales. A list of active phone numbers can be sold for a good price. They said a list of active phone numbers are already vetted to allow a certain type of fashion or lifestyle based on influencer is a lot more pricey. A lot of the clothing lines would rather want the phone number of people who follow the influencer as opposed to just a random list of phone numbers to cold-call I mean a phone number lead, that's a valuable thing. Yes, our hot leads. These are hot as it gets. You know they could cell phone number a hot phone number lead for like $5 a piece or something like dollars on the spot. That's when you add that up man, that's crazy money. So all these big influences I think are just getting a fat check like if you had an interest profile. It just says text me and it's got his phone number in it. Okay, in July, TechCrunch reported on community, formerly known as shimmer weird name, so I wonder if there is earlier because it sounds like she mole mmm. What does she more mean? It's like a reservation or something I wouldn't be surprised as realize, are all buying this [ __ ] apps yeah shitty idea, not shitty, but I mean like not shitty, but like they're good at take the getting and making money they're good at I like how do I say, predatory, yes, come on, accept it mmm-hmm all right, you know I'm right, it's all bad, not all bad. It's great that was great turns out. Community is the new name of shimmer, which launched in 2014 to connect social media celebrities with their fans. According to TechCrunch, a shimmer was meant to be a reddit like mobile, app where users could create and upload content about their favorite youtubers or influencers. That is, until a pivot, to direct message in 2018 attracted the support of Hollywood talent manager, guy actuary and the sound Ventures investment partner, Ashton Kutcher, who jumped on board to relaunch Schumer, now known as community. The Santa Monica based company has raised nearly thirty five million dollars in the form of two convertible notes. Following a recapitalization that occurred a long sighs its rebranding earlier this year, investors, including the Sony Innovation Fund, have valued the text marketing platform at upwards of 200 million. How can these tech companies are I? Don't believe that when someone buys them for 200 million I, don't think that I don't see it. This [ __ ] is weird dude I, don't see this going anywhere and they they're too aggressive with it. Like here's, my favorite part, here's all the influencers being paid to produce. First, let's start with that manager that you mentioned his name is really there. You go. Oh that's funny. I looked up the actual shimmer company, though the founders are not Israeli, so I mean it sounds like they got some Israeli letters, but yeah yeah. It's probably not I, take back everything. I said not really Ashton Kutcher, so he's the first of this. He says just text me it's easier and he gives out his phone number Wow incredible, he's texting with his fans, not you're, texting into a fake number that is part of this company community. To scrape your data. Asha will never talk to you. He only wants to spam, you [ __ ], there's, no disclosure, there's no honesty at all. They just they all I mean he may respond to like a few, or maybe they even made together like a premade response that the name boss, they do ever'one premade response, you know, but sure he responds to a few in the first hour. This has a gimmick, so they can like record it and use it as media yeah or just so he's not like outright lying, but again the it's just totally misleading it's just so weird cuz. They got like legit people as they just are doin him he's like I, feel like it's just a couple managers who they talked into doing this. We gave him a fat, [, __ ] check to promote it, and- and it sounds fine you're like hey you, you just have people text you, but the thing is they all kind of following the same script of like just text me? Isn't that so crazy I'm giving you my number? This is what you get when you text them Ashton here. This is an auto text to let you know, I got your message. The rest will be from me. Click the link, so I can respond to you. I likely can't respond to everything, but I'll try to be in touch dream. Bigger, shut, the [, __ ] up you'll never be in touch. Is that so scum, easier and bigger? So here you click the link and opt in I love. This the whole thing seems so spamming click, the link, so I can respond to you. I likely can't respond to everything, but I'll try to be in touch hey Ashton. What's going on, buddy I'll try to get in touch stupid, so here we go. Ninja I have to say ninja to me was a huge offender. I mean look at this announcement, video first of all, he texts, but yeah I. Think I, don't want to be too harsh on everyone because they got like you have a list here, Paul McCartney and he gets a pass. But I'll talk about that. When I come home, work hard, but you'll, say you'll see he's you could easily tell he's not involved at all. It's just some manager who signed him up for this [ __ ], but like look how ninja pitches this he tweets, he tweets his number 3 1 2 5, a a 4 4 6 8 4. Yes, this is my number yes, I will receive each and every text I'll try to reply to as many as possible. This is gonna, be fun. Long term keep texting me and it has a lot of likes because people are like. Oh, that's, crazy, there's a first time, I saw it like I, don't know if there's just something for a stream. That's supposed to be fun here is how he describes it hunger bond, and this is definitely it some giving you guys. My number you ready. It is three one. Two, five, eight four, four, six, eight four send me a text message right now: there's gonna be a link. That's gonna, follow fill it out so I. Have your information and I'm gonna be able to contact you guys text. You guys personally, send you guys awesome videos, messages behind the scenes of whatever event that my beautiful wife, Jess and I are at or even freaking cute adorable pictures of our little puppies, who are just laying on the couch right now. Alright, send a text to that number and also I'll, be texting. A couple people that personally asking for your guys for net gamer tags and we're gonna hit up some Vic Roy's later on in the week. Alright, guys so remember, it is three one, two, the cruel five four four six eight boards, Roy Roy owls bro, consoling what how it starts it for bond, and this is definitely if some giving you guys my number, your anything hunger bond, and this is definitely it some giving you guys. My number, you ready you ready. It is three one two: are you ready to? Let me rip this em. They all play it up like this. Is that bit this is my real number. Are you ready, you're, not gonna, believe this thing? Are you it's like dude, it's just and paid advertisement, it's stupid, it's stupid and all of his fans are probably because they don't even know about they're like this is a whole brand new gimmick and everyone's like he probably got so many texts. You know not knowing that they were not knowing what they were getting themselves into. So that's a ninja, Lele pons I mean well. Obviously you know this one's actually, not that bad. It's just some stupid Instagram pill text on my new number text me on my new number I would love to chat with you guys and I get to know you better. If you can't text me, it's cuz, it still doesn't work outside of the United States, but still put your info. So when it works in other places, I could text you and let you know I would love to get to know you better. What did they expect to do with this day? Influencers because they're, like still put in your info so message, you know what I think it is it's just to promote their stuff yeah. You can just it's like a posting on Twitter. You post memes, you post announcements yeah, so it goes to your phone, but the truth is that they don't they don't say that first of all she goes I would like to chat and get to know you better I just want to lay in bed at night, late and I. Add text with my favorite fan, yeah, the best friends, basically you're you're, like signing up for a mailing and mailing newsletter. You know to your phone: that's your phone, but but yeah, but even beyond. That is that this company community is harvesting numbers to sell the third parties. That's speculation! No! Not speculation! That! Yes, it is wait! Isn't that in the fine print I mean it says in the fine print. Yes, it says in the fine print that they can share your data with third parties. So it's it's! Here's the! What I have it I have a direction, but we don't actually know that 100, it says a list of active phone numbers can be okay. The way Oldham says you grant community a worldwide perpetual license to host copy transmit and display your data as necessary for community to provide the service in accordance with these terms, you also grant to community a royalty-free perpetual worldwide transferable sublicense sub licensable license to transfer your data to third-party services from service providers used by community and providing the service. That sounds like wow I mean I'm, not an expert in terms of service, so they always agree with that. I agree with you, I do think we should say based on this statement. They say you also grant to community a royalty-free, perpetual worldwide transferable the sub license to license today. It's transferable. That means they could sell it. What gives having to being I'm just I'm getting late in the show baby type, if you're watching at this hour type in did a mayonnaise gag great job Ian on the mayonnaise gag of your hand, great job, no say this sorry say this I like that. What do you you have any other ideas? Not that funny type Ashton Kutcher say Ashton Kutcher is a big ass. Ding-Dong dude Ashton Kutcher can lick my salty smelly anyway, they're selling your [ __ ] come on, who you kidding, who are you kidding, they're selling, your [ __ ], allegedly, possibly, possibly yeah? It's probably it's a comedy show it's all comedies a parody, 30 parody. It's a parody, come on! Oh yeah! Get in this, isn't a new show. This is a parody show and they're selling your data for sure. A thousand percent I guarantee you they're selling your [ __ ] data buzz, but two Pringles, okay, you know just all used to also gave text from Pringles and that's what it's gonna be like. Hey. Did you hear about our new Pringles flavoured a talk of flavor uh-oh dude? It's like ninja. Send you an image of him with the Pringles taco flavor? Ah dude, did you hear about Pringles new taco flavor? Oh dude, it's not Will Smith. Did you hear about new ninja flavored Mountain Dew dude? It could be some big Roy's later. The only thing I'm pissed about is: why didn't these [ __ ] come to me. I would have sold out all you [, __, ] or, like I, don't know, like only imagine they got a lot of money. I would have told you guys down the goddamn River. Oh yeah they're, like half a million bucks. So all your fans out I'd be like hey guys, huge, crazy announcement. Here's my real number text me when you text it is only gonna instant reply. Yeah yeah, just an auto-reply thing, my text, a few of them text. No, you did yeah that what happened, the screenshot that he put up earlier, the Ashton Kutcher won them, did anything follow. Well, they sent you a link and it takes you to a page where they want your email. Your phone number and an optic yeah I, didn't necessarily want spam from Ashton. Cookies should be like. Did you hear about the new perennial when I hear about what he ate for I caught some sick Vick Roy's with ninja? Sometimes maybe you'll hit me up a couple. You I'm gonna be hit some VicRoads with and you guys hear about the new Pringles. Oh ok, if she has epic new chicken tenders, ok did he did it so why doe again I'm giving Paul McCartney path? Why look it find out Paul's phone number and a new Q&amp;A from Japan? It's like he's, not even able yeah, it's obvious that he didn't even write. This all. Doesn't any nope I think you and a with Paul McCartney, let's see what they say: I'm not gonna. Take it up all above criticism here. No but I'm saying he's clearly not involved. Like some stupid manager was like they're gonna pay, a million bucks in your number see. Even then it dude what is Paul McCartney's net worth pedo I agree, I, agree. But again it's just next is gonna start doing cameo. What I'm saying is yet Paul McCartney cameo for 25 bucks. A button here and I wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Thomas is a little jingle for you. Net worth 1.2 billion probably feels forever happy birthday. Thomas, that's a John song come on. You know this. It's a Beatles song, get the [ __ ] out we're back in the year honestly honestly take feelings that I don't even think this, but just to play one second, thank you for correcting me like that. I love. When you correct me, the thing is that an engine knows what he's doing okay when he puts out a video saying, Oh God about to do it. Are you ready? This is so crazy? Paul McCartney's, like I'm old bro, like his tweet, didn't even wasn't even written from him. You know what I'm saying it's like: he doesn't even manage it on Twitter. Look. He got 500 likes. That's Paul McCartney, like the most famous person. That's ever lived, got 500 like I. Disagree, I love that Photoshop. What what are you disagreeing with Zak its Paul McCartney like why? Who would sell him out like this yeah he's gotta be shitty manager that happens all the time I'm giving him a pass. I have to Diddy. However, you guys gonna love this, but nature is a friend of the show it was a show. He was on the show, but just isn't on the show. You don't you're just immune people, gonna say a backstab ninja team. Starwood he's gonna, do a whole one-hour special, honestly, quite star game, star the clown star. Okay, let's see what PP looking for them DPP, he goes well look. How did he phrases it? I shouldn't. Do this but text me I shouldn't! Do this y'all all right, Eddie yo check this out so I'm sitting in I'm thinking, I'm, like you, know, I'm about to go into this nature. Just like yeah, you know, I'm gonna be doing a lot of positive things. You know a lot of disruptive things, a lot of things, I really don't want everybody like everybody to know about. So, like everybody knows about everything you know, I want a deeper connection. 8 with my fans, so I came up with this out there, I was gonna, get a special phone number and I was gonna, be able to give it to my family, my fans, everybody does that my family image that I'm about you know sitting there movement. You know bad boy, you, black excellence, entrepreneurial ISM, getting money vibration in about block inspiration like that fun one is owning this phone and also on top that I almost want to be able to be in communication with charge. So when you hear, when I'm in your city I'll be able to hit you directly and I think that all hiring manager, yeah I, know you're right, 741 full, no way that number X. That number tell me what it says: Dan. You know I'm actually calling Ashton Savoy, oh you're, calling for real and what happens if you call it obviously know. What's ringing, oh good wait is that really your phone that I'm hearing yeah come on speaker great? That said, who leaves voice messages? Just text me in the knee hung up on me: [ __ ], you Ashton, yeah, I, wonder what so so text Diddy. Would you don't want to I'm curious what his message it was so young said to sound so I'm, nine one, seven, seven, four, six one, four four four! He probably gets like $10 per sign up, we're making did deal I'm. Just saying. Do you not know who I am? Why have I not been approached to sell out my fans for fur? Like I mean we don't have a manager, you think yeah I think they'll have the same manager come on. I need some of that money. I want to sell you out. You are all data. You are almost worth about five dollars to me. There we go an auto-reply, its Diddy thanks for texting who's. This be sure to be sure to click the link and add your contact. So you hear it from me first, everything else will be from here say for me direct say it's! You got a praying emoji, it's just it's the same as everything it just. It all takes you to the same community, sign up page yeah, I, wonder if they're getting paid per sign up, though, because they're all like laying it on so thick, it's all like bro. This is the craziest thing. This is so exclusive Ram, bigger, I'm, gonna change my mind. So you better text me quick, I, think they're getting paid CPA, dude well, Ashton is definitely invested right again. Ashton is invested heavily in this company. It doesn't disclose. That seems very questionable to me. Well, I. Don't think that it's a secret. How well do is people following him. They don't know in this really not a secret but yeah. If you don't disclosing and right seems like a conflict of interest marshmallow, this one really is annoying too I'm King at it. Thank you. You guys are quick. Thank you. Here's a marshmallow who, by the way it doesn't even talk, I mean dude. So this is his phone number it's in the title. It's in the description. This is what's gonna happen. If you text marshmallow, you guys this Chris Rock calls in I was like four. Oh, these guys pockets are deep as [ __, ], Chris Rock grace rock dummy a joke. Ever he goes hey marshmallow you ever get in touch with Lucky Charms cuz you're, a marshmallow whoa really I was like Chris Rock, bro you're ready to do man. You don't need to do this. Have you I thought about working with pop rocks Chris epic marshmallow, epic [, __, ] content I want to flip this goddamn came up. Are you teach, though, no I'm, Shawn, Mendes and Will Ferrell, look at all the phone conversations and genuine and real conversations I still like by the way hey Liam its real by the way? But what did I do? What did I do? What did I say what happened? Yeah, whatever TI Tiesto, [ __ ], that guy I don't know marshmallow. These are totally cool and random conversations that you can have with me. If you text my number I get a CPA I get a I get paid per acquisition. Yeah. You could text me Oh, Chris, Rock states. Didn't me next marshmallow 505 Dan no I'm working on it. He doesn't know I'm not over it whoa. You just got that I'm over it. Every time you say I'm over it, every everybody over Rosie, oh I'm, not over it I'm into it. I'm a lobbyist, love it I'm, loving everybody love we're all right. How long we're almost gone! We've been going for a long time. You know I. Think I might have an interest real number in my phone. Maybe since he's so cool, all I was giving the wrong number. You guys. Here's his real, no wait, yeah whatever and then there's Jake Paul, of course, who would never, as we know, based on the and I, want everybody dude you're right ward on this Drive text me I'm, gonna, be replying to as many people are you it you stupid is that it wait actually text that. Let me see if that's a 3-1 Oh number that might actually I want before I [ __ ] on him I'm. Where do you think it's his real number? Oh, no, here, no a litt there's what he got. Look at. What's his number I have a I have a picture of it here? Hail it I got you save now. My lawyers wanted me to tell you that free a message frequency will vary your what's your carrier's message and data rates may apply. Reply, helped wait. You got it yo its Jake, let's text fam make sure you click the link that I sent you and add yourself to my phone. So I can respond to you. Did he really put a disclaimer in the text, one else to death? Okay, whatever you know, Jake calls in so there you have it. That's the epic thing that everybody's doing so text me I, want in on this money. I want everybody's phone number. If I make $5 per phone number and at least a hundred thousand of you [ __ ] sign up yeah was worth if I could get a hundred thousand of you, [ __ ], to sign up. That's half a million bucks. Wow! Let's go! Where do you at Oh? Were you at community hooked me up with that? [ __ ] I want to sell out every $5 Brad. Alright, what else we got Trisha on x-factor? Who cares? Trisha responded to me a [ __ ]. She said hdhd slut-shame to me, whatever you don't we'd, actually don't need to watch it. She accepted my apology, which I thought was quite funny. I heard the big question. Is she coming Friday? She says yes, Trish is saying she's coming Friday, but I suspect a troll. Did anyone pay her a million dollars? I told that will not happen and she accepted my apology. Mom Trish would be so epic if you trolled us by not coming that'd, be so [ __ ] cool out of you again, you've been skating with her. What what's the status I emailed her I mean we have been in touch and you called her Beach whale and stuff and then she's mad and alright you're saying a wild, oh yeah, right I never said she was a beached whale. She thinks they're putting words in my mouth down. I said it looks like she just watched up on the beach. That's not didn't. She say that you said you said: I called her a beached whale, the point being I am yeah. She has not responded to me as of yet oh I will let you know if that changes. I am yes. Do you want to come on Friday? She said yes, but you did it with a wink face. So I said I feel like you're telling me you're, not gonna, show up. She said no I'm gonna show up for sure. I said: okay, so right back Daniel set up accommodations. She has yet to write back down. So that's that takes us up to the present so we'll see we'll see, I, don't know how that one's gonna go, I'm, freezing and she's. So that's that or no no, we moved you guys. We moved to a new house cool. Tell your friends tell everybody! You know that we're no longer at our other address. We don't live there anymore. If you search my name, ethan klein address that address is wrong. No, the one! That's at the top of google that you can find easily. It's not my dress anymore got it. There was just a lot of shenanigans going on because my dress became public because white pages is a [ __ ]. These guys are like mafia shakedown. They like post your dress, that they automatically take from public filings. It's queer because it never happened on our old address. They never did that to me, but at our last address what happened before anywhere yeah, even in new york, but we were just renting there, but anyway wasn't like a month of buying our last house. It's showed up. If you just type ii, think line address. It was right there and there was just a lot of shenanigans. You can use your imagination, and so we wanted to move, and we did Tata should not say more seriously with that people are one. You can just say at that point that we already like well. Among other things, we kept getting swatted by people, which, first of all the first time it happened, was terrible enough because the police show up with their guns, drawn there's like multiple helicopters with their lights on the house, and then they left our get. The police left our gate, open and shredder got out. It was. It was awful, it was traumatizing, it was absolutely awful, but we thought okay, let's see if it were happening once the police knew that we had a special location, so they didn't need to respond with such force. So once that it started happening again, they still arrive with the copters and the gun is strong, I mean. Luckily they didn't force entry because we weren't actually home, but they they were. They didn't force entry or anything like that. But the second I mean another time it happened. We were coming back from New York with Theodore and we posted an Instagram story on when we were boarding the plane and I'm pretty sure these people timed it up for when we were arriving home with Theodore mm-hmm. To put him in our home two hours before we got home, there was a ton of traffic, so we were very late to get back to the house. Yeah and well I just wanted to the people. I didn't want to talk about, except one I didn't want to give them the satisfaction and I didn't want to give it any attention or encouragement, but I will say to the people who think they're geniuses that calling and a swatting on skype or VPN or whatever that there is an FBI case, opened that we have gone all the way up the chain and that you will [ __ ] go to jail, dude we're not only wasting police time, but for attempted murder like bro. Do you remember I could do seriously consider that attempted murder and by the way, do you remember senators. Do you remember earlier in the year when somebody died that way they caught that idiot and like a day, do you think the FBI can't track your [ __ ] down? You are such an idiot. Bro like you are gonna go to jail dude and it's so epic that you're gonna go to jail and like I was uh was close to here. He was in Glendale, oh guy, that did it and got somebody killed dude, you are going to jail, the guy, who called that in ISM jail right now he's in jail harder. So do all the geniuses. The thing that's a good idea: I mean there can't be many of them. That's like it's real bottle on the barrel, [ __, ], you're gonna, you are gonna, go to jail, I guarantee it's only a matter of the time before you go to prison, bro the same thing that happened at the genius hackers who reverse engineer my phone number bro. He is. We police called me up and said. One of the guys is Israeli, come file, a police report and guess what those guys all went to prison bro. The FBI arrested on all these little kids think they're so genius because they call them skyping, VPNs and virtual servers. I. Just wonder if these kids think that it's just like just a prank just say bro I, don't think do they understand that someone could die and they are trying to get something to that. It's that the things that they tell the police to respond is there are certain things you need to tell the police to make them respond. So I'm, not gonna, repeat what they said, because it's awful to even repeat it. It really is just it's just really a graphic horrible [, __ ] like the worst thing you can think of, involving whatever everything and so yeah. They know what they're doing they're telling the police the most heinous [ __ ]. You can imagine to get them to respond, a full force and they're going to [ __ ] prison bro. You should be looking over your shoulder perpetually because, like the hackers that thought they were untouchable, we're flaunting it those guys got arrested by the FBI and even the one in Israel who's doing it from overseas got arrested by the [ __ ] Israeli police, too dude the police called me up. I was chilling at a museum with the illest family. We just came to visit my family. They caught us they're, like hey I, see that your son-in-law and daughter are in Israel. Can I talk to him Merlin why the Israeli police got on the phone with me too, like hey, can you come sign up a police report cuz that hacking that happen? We tracked him down. He's Israeli, he's your file, a police report, so we can go arrest. Him I was like great. They got all your conversations dude, they showed me. Like conversation, the police showed me Skype conversations. They were having you guys and if something happened to shredder the first time shredder got out and we like, we heard that they were at our house. We weren't home, but but shredder was home and we immediately started driving back and while we were driving back, we saw we were watching the cameras on the. They were just walking around the house with huge guns out and helicopters, and we saw them leaving the gates, open and I just knew in kitchen. I was gonna get out and then he did and we saw it on camera and we just saw him walk out and then we had no idea what happened was we had to drive like that home for ten minutes, I thought that we will never see him again because it was late at night. He's a tiny dog, there's coyotes. You could get run by a car and a million things, but he was so scared. He was just well yeah Alex and it traumatized him too because of the police. They were walking on the house for a while with the walkie-talkies and it was really loud and now whenever he hears someone on the phone he's like traumatized from the noise mm-hmm, so it was so horrible that drive home felt like forever and thank God. One of the police guys noticed him getting out and they like walked him back in and closed the gate. So he was fine. But if something happened to him, I would just like I, don't know what to say: I really. Don't they literally know what these people are thinking they want that they want shredder to die and to ruin your life. That's why they do it. They should go to jail for life. Honestly, I agree and they're gonna go to jail. They will these kids think they're, so smart I'm telling you they're all going to jail. It's like a big problem. You know the FBI is literally uh working on that [ __ ] right now, I agree that was, it was terrible and the time will come back from the airport with Theodore they tried to. They tried to kill her yeah B. They tried to traumatize our baby. They had the police to roll up on us as we were arriving home and we moved like a week later we're out of there. What are they gonna say? Oh yeah, and someone was speaking to brought up a really good point. You know if shredder was a bigger dog. The police probably would have just killed him because the he's, if he's a big dog, that's confused and it runs out and he shows any signs of aggression or, if they're not having an aggression just barking. You know yeah barking like if there's a random strangers in your backyard, with guns and lights and little walkie-talkies, a good watchdog, a good family member is gonna, go out and bar and bark at them- and you know, police are authorized to kill your dog at that point and it's a good thing: shredders just too sweet, the Swedes can be a little sweet little dog and he walked out to them, like I, think I sell from another angle from a different camera, but he just sweet as could be walked out to them. But on the original camera angle, we couldn't see that the police were still there, so we just saw him walking out of frame I love, shredder he's the he's the best so um. That's why we moved. If you want to kill someone just go: do it don't be such a coward, ass, [, __, ] I've got a shotgun, come to my house, [ __ ] and don't come to my house but I'm, saying if you're gonna do it that way? Let's, let's throw down the high noon. You know what I mean: let's go dude, let's have a duel, at least so I could see your face if you're gonna attempt to murder me like a little coward-ass, [ __ ] at least give me a shot at drawing faster, like a cowboy, not funny so come to my house. But if you do I have a shotgun by my bed, that's loaded and ready, I'm serious, that's the reality of being a you know: it's famous as we are, but I think it really is for youtubers, specifically, it's kind of like orange, streamers or kind of like I, think and pull it. People like I, think it always happens around times when I talk about politics too, I think, generally speaking, it's it's uh. I. Do think that it's ant people who are driven by anti-semitism I think it's a specific kind of right-wing anti-semitic, radical. That's. Why, in my gut I think is doing that. Those are the people that hate me that much you know that's a hunch, obviously, but that I just can't see anyone hating me so much. They would try to murder my family, like that I guess we'll find out soon huh. Why will we vote when they go to present now I was like? Well, then, anyway, it sucks it's awful, it's terrible! It's the worst feeling in the world, and that I mean that's, that's obviously the worst of it. But there was people like sending pizzas to our house and sending packages. There was weird of stalked out outside our house across the street in their cars like following our our housekeeper following her home I mean there was just all these weird shenanigans: do it it just wasn't cool so there you have it or do that people don't be weird. I have a shotgun loaded and I. Don't want to shoot you. But if you come to me, my family I will write down yeah yeah, yes, honestly, right either Eli's a handgun I'd be worried about her the size of the joke. Of course, you never went. Joker pulled it out that handgun in the in the Batman, without Kim er, he pulls out a handgun. It's like it's like super long you're pulling out his pants, and it's like that long. That's ela, like that. You mean to face no, it's Joker, which Batman it was the one with Michael Keaton. Oh you just said: Val Kilmer I did yeah. You did, oh, my goodness. Well, of course, I meant Mikey. That's my dad. It was the worst Batman, probably probably dollars Batman yeah George Clooney Oh Val Kilmer. What was the one with Val Kilmer Batman Returns? How come her is not a good Batman. He does it's not very Bruce Wayne ish George Clooney was the one with Mr Freeze and [ __ ], though with Arnold love, that is by far poison ivy yeah, with poison ivy and yeah, and mr. freeze I went to rewatch the one with the penguin Danny DeVito. That was Val kid. That was a Michael Keaton Yuki was the first to write. He was like the most unlikely but loved the coolest Batman yeah, because he's not macho he's not masculine he's not really cool, he's kind of just like some regular guy, but somehow he pulled it off as Batman, so unlikely I was reading an article. They were very hesitant to use him as Batman because he just made a movie called mr. mom, which was a comedy and so he's gone from mr. mom freaking Batman Bruce, Wayne yeah. That's why I'm giving a chance to so they're casting now is Batman the guy from Twilight, which one the hunk from Twilight Robert Pattinson I'll show you a picture yes, and that first I was like oh come on, but I don't know you got it. Maybe maybe it'll be great. Robert Patterson Pattinson yeah, whatever this guy you're getting worse and worse, oh okay, I could see that I mean I'm. Gonna, give him a shot, he's very young for the role of Batman, so no one's like Michael Keaton. What what's his age? Oh he's, 33, oh wow, he's aged that's a great age for Bruce Wayne. Actually, that's a perfect age for Bruce Wayne. There you go [Music] I'm, watching any Batman movie. Yeah me too Batman's my spider-man 2yoon yeah, yeah, I love that I agree. Christopher Nolan by far the greatest Batman ever portrayed on screen I mean but yeah and you're. So quiet I just have a stomach full of mayonnaise about that gray. I'm going to the bathroom after that, No are you gonna, puke or poop? I just need to one word, just overrode my switch. It's not gonna both jump. It's not gonna be fun. Okay, yogurt poop, Zach, you're gonna, throw up straight mayonnaise, Oh Zach, you look like Fred Flintstone. You just have the pattern that fred is on. Thank you. You guys don't matter. [Laughter]! Look at this show Zach, it's literally Fred Flintstone yabba do all right! Well, let's wrap it up guys. Frick well, I have treasures like a three-hour episode, but like yeah, oh my god, what I guess I had more energy than I thought. I didn't know as I had that Envy today. Well, this is the greatest show of all time. I did say that this is the greatest show ever made. I heard that playing on the streets, yeah people are talking. Mm-Hmm Metacritic gives it a 98% Wow number one on IMDB critics hated, though critics a to audience: mother, Fred Flinstone, yes, Fred, Flinstone, okay! Well, it's about to [, __, ] puke, listen ride a Tricia might be here. She might not. Who knows we'll see it's a wild cry I'll prepare just in case she doesn't show up I'll prepare for two possibilities. What we keep saying friday, it's gonna people are gonna, see it saturday, though right. Oh we're, gonna yeah we're switching up the upload time, yeah we're gonna post this tomorrow morning on Saturday in the morning, we just I just found that it seems like it's less stressful for us and actually it's been a good experience for the audience to it. It seems like people like the morning upload so, okay, so Wednesday and Saturday. Oh I I have a PSA as well. Oh everybody been loving. The suggestions for sound bites. Keep that up when you do it time stamp that [ __ ]. Please saves so much time of having to scrub through a three-hour poem. I've spoken first for Dan and please keep making entry podcast memes, because those are fantastic and we love them. Alright, so we'll be back on Friday just shows Ian more, like a wrap it up. Just will be back on Friday Dan come on. You got the power, don't you? Oh sorry, we were organizing the stuff back. Yet it then Ian you put it on you. Man I mean I, got a puke. I got a puke, so bad, we'll see you guys on Saturday morning. I guess is what I'm saying, but we're gonna be here in on Friday we're doing it up for you guys and please text me: I don't have the number yet I need to get that from community who will reach out, but I'm gonna connect with them. I want all your phone numbers. Five dollars a pop and I'm just gonna, send you a bunch of crap, so it'll be great. Thank you guys for watching. We love you. We appreciate you we'll see you in a little couple. Few days have a great week, keep slamming shake your tip. Keep your heads up, stay positive, keep slam and give me your phone number I want to make money off. You and I wish all the best. Okay have a great week. Brady! Look! That's right! All right guys! Take care [Music]! You.