It is I your ruler, your God ruler too heavy I am the creator of the h3 universe. Foolish Maximus Lord amiss. There is an influencer I'm, an influencer and I am the host of this podcast, the h3 podcast, the number one place for news viral hits and weekly gasps I. Am your host Ethan Clyde joined with my beautiful wife, my better half, even though I am a god? Wouldn't that make you light whoa, he loved the light. Thank you to our sponsors. Expressvpn and for hims got a big announcement on Wednesday of next week. We're gonna be doing the podcast on Wednesday, because Andrew yang for president candidate is joining us on Wednesday, which is super exciting you yang Yang, my brother was deep into the yang gang and he's got me on board and I was like well. You know album a tweet him and see if he wants to come on, because my brother's, like he's he's down to do interviews like he was on Joe yeah, he's out there. So I just tweeted at him and it was a direct tweet and it saw I was surprised, but I got a lot of traction cuz. It was just a direct tweet he's joking, like 10,000 likes mom and they noticed, and so that was like only one week ago and he's coming on in a way in less than a week now. So things move fast in the yang gang 2020, but I got to tell you I like what he says: I like him as a candidate I like him into debates, I think that I may be part of the yang gang but we're less problem. Let's brought him, let's see what he's got on Wednesday, you know you can leave questions for him on the subreddit. It's excited, I am excited and I don't like I was saying last time, I hate politics, but I feel like he talks about it in a way that it's just more about life and not like right or left or well. The thing that I think everyone is so tired of, including me said you look at everyone else on that stage. They all are just it's all. Talking points mm-hmm, it's just there's nothing of substance ever said nobody ever walks away from and it's all about who can goof the other person like Kamala Harris. She got like a huge boost in the last debate because she slammed dunked on Biden over some, but it's like well I. Don't care about what how good your one-liners are. Let's have a [ __ ] debate. Let's judge people on their merits and their their ideas. We don't get to see that but yang. Actually, he shined because he didn't have a lot of time, but when he spoke he spoke with clarity and purpose and and it wasn't participating in the drama not at all. He totally rose above the drama and when he spoke it wasn't it wasn't just fluff. It was like he was a very effective communicator and so I'm I'm on board and who better to vet a potential future president than me, I thought you guys say. Your brother know that me you're on the h3 podcast we're definitely gonna. Have him at the giant. Babe and I'm gonna ask him if he's tits or ass, and if he has any ghost stories no I'm kidding, they can be very professional, wipe from the front on the back yeah, exactly who better than makes a big deal, who better than I we don't vote right or left will vote front or back right. If anyone from Andrew Yang's campaign is watching this I'm kidding the word I'm afraid they're gonna cancel the more time they have to think you know no I'm I'm I'm gonna be prepared, I'm I'm, very much looking forward to it. Yeah it's gonna be fun big headlines coming in this week. You guys probably remember that in one of the last recent episodes I went on a rant about twitch, yep I said they're, not gonna. Last they're not gonna make it because they're short-sighted and they don't know how to keep their talent, because they're so cheap, which is shocking. Considering they're owned by the richest man that has ever walked this earth he's so rich. He wipes his ass with hundred-dollar bills. Yeah he's starting to annoy me, but yeah go on. Of course, how I mean good? What do we calculate that he makes like six billion dollars a day or something I don't know anymore? It doesn't matter it's numbers and that no one knows it's. It's obscene yeah, it's obscene, but then you keep hearing about how Amazon is not treating their workers well or how about that. They don't even have enough to [ __ ] like give to which the funds they need when dude is only is worth five hundred billion or something I. Don't I, don't know what he's worth, but it's ridiculous. No man should no man will ever be that rich without you know, cutting every corner in his path. Hmm, you know, I mean yeah well, Twitter ninja, one of the probably the most famous twitch streamer of all time announced in a very dramatic fashion that he is leaving twitch to stream exclusively on a new website named mixer, which is owned by Microsoft. So Microsoft is bankrolling mixer, which is attempting to take a cut of the deep space yeah and guess what they're actually putting their money down to do. It I think I. Think the opportunity here is not to create a profitable business, but to it's just whenever you can have people engaging on congregating like to like twitch is one of the most trafficked websites in the United States, that's the same with you YouTube in itself, rarely may actually ever mix money, but from a marketing standpoint, mm-hmm with Google with that in its repertoire is what is priceless. You know for the research for the analytics for the data, you know expanding Adsense, it's all part of their catalogue and so I think that Microsoft is doing a very intelligent play here, where Amazon has just continually failed for one reason or another due to management or lack of fun, which twitch sorry twitch in Amazon and Amazon, thereby is continuing to fail and Microsoft sees an opportunity and- and there is an opportunity there is, of course, so he made a really dramatic announcement here. I'll show you guys, and you know what's funny I want to show you guys real, quick. You guys remember how I said once I left to go to to back to YouTube that they remove my sub button. So, within minutes of ninja announcing, he was going over to mixer exclusively they removed his sub button. Do you believe how petty and pathetic you have to do what you do that they were gonna lose a ton of money, it's up to ninja like if he wants to don't get this move cuz. They have to go out of the way. Probably to do that. Why, like with us, we we may still have stream. Sometimes who knows why would you do that exactly? Why would you burn it's burning, the brain yeah, but here's the annoying thing he's gonna have to go back, cuz I'm sure they owe him money. A lot of money. He's gonna have to go back and sign back up to get paid. That's what they did to me. It's on your vindictive bridge burning! That's like high school level of drama. Remove his sub button. Okay, try to be more professional yeah and you know I've seen people saying I saw one dumbass on Twitter saying: maybe I can pull it up. Okay, can you guys pull it up? There's this one guy I saw I saw it because Chris Raygun responded to it, and maybe you can find it there on through his replies just bitching about how ninja is a sellout for betraying twitch I want to watch that cuz I think over. You know, I think that guy represents a lot of people's opinions. I want you to rebut that argument. Maybe train yeah, as if ninja didn't do way more for twitch than they did for him or I mean it was reciprocal mayor's wife, we love you. If we leave you too, don't we we train you too. No, no, of course not it's free market! You need competition, that's like saying bro. How could you leave Comcast after all, they've done for you? How dare you well anyway, he's out here? Let's watch his announcement, video I, wonder I'm sure twitch didn't know about this ahead of time, and he was streaming like. Everyone was usual and man. They must have [ __ ], the [ __ ] bed, when they saw this I feel like this. Is it I feel like they're done, they're? Probably finally pinching him to like you. Only did 5 hours today and we really want you to push to 7, I'm sure, I'm, sure I've spoke to another one of the top five streamers on Twitch and I'm, not gonna, say his name, because it was a private conversation, but he told me after watching our highlights that they pinched his ass hard too, and he so over it, and he doesn't understand it and he's now he's thinking about going to mixer too, if he can close the deal with them, it's kind of corny, so I'm, not gonna, watch a little thing, but just give you guys. I know this may come as a shock to many of you, but as of today, I will be streaming exclusively on. Mixer I know, I know it's exciting. The only do yes, the handsome guy in the front. How is this going to affect your gaming abilities? It really won't it's the same meat just a different platform. What are you most excited for about this change? You know I feel like this is a really good chance to get back and touch with my roots, so I can either I, don't mind the video. Oh, you didn't know. Oh excuse me, I thought it was [. __ ] done in the first place, who's wondering what is a switch mean for the future of your hair. You never know, and then here they have a fridge of Red Bulls, posing a question. Wow I mean that was one of the best questions. I've ever been asked. Why didn't you answer it Wow? Any other questions right. I didn't understand that oh yeah, it wasn't very well. They should have zoomed in on the fridge, because that first I actually didn't know what what so that the fridge of Red Bulls is asking them a question. Is that a meme of some kind I think there's like Red Bull? Okay, am I right? Does anyone have any intel on that I'm assuming it's just they love red. That was one of the best questions. I've ever been asked. It's probably sponsor, however, the sector win-loss ratio. I really would why would it affect worrying too much about my win-loss ratio? I'll be just fine yeah, it's a little corny yeah, you know yellow likes it I'll finish it. Well, it's a little more effort than nothing you're right. It is good upper. It shot well yeah, so there you go and I mean it got ten million views, so [ __ ] me I'm as far as marketing Santa, War, yeah, I've, seen worse and it shot well. I will say that for it did you find that video by chance back there, no I've been looking I'm on Chris Reagan's replies. There are a few things that he yeah it looks like. Maybe it was removed or oh okay. Well, anyway, at the gist. Well, I know what you mean, though there were people saying sellout. How can you betray to which it's like everything they've done? For you, the [ __ ] is twich done for anyone platform. Yeah loyalty did on a platform like that is a bizarre to me, but ninja, but you know it's stupid to say that, because ninjas done at least as much for the platform as as they could have never done, for him probably has done the most for bringing them to mainstream. He's he's been on magazine covers on Ellen show if he left. The only reason is that twitch failed to retain him yeah being cheap. Yes is cuz, they thought they were the only one in the game, but guess what they're? Not if anything they betrayed him because the way I see it is maybe he had a slight drop for something in views or subscribers he did will go okay, so they're like okay. Well, your views are dropping so you're not worth as much to us yeah, which is such a gross way to look at it, because you should look at it as long-term. You may have a drop now and then pick up again. I mean everyone like on YouTube. You see it a lot with big channels. You know you go through phases right, you got a. You got a look at your partners as long, not just someone who's, bringing your views at the moment and then throw them out right, I'm sure! That's what happened just a capacity I mean it's all been based on my assumptions, but well twitch makes deals with with their hi hi partners. I must I'm just assuming YouTube does that to some where they help supplement their income in some ways or give them better cuts or deals, or whatever mm-hmm and I'm sure that ninja had some kind of deal with them, but they they prime sure you're right, because they did the same thing with a penny pitch and just give you [ __ ], and they like count your hours that you're streaming and they, yet they probably drove him away. He says I, don't know he keeps saying that he's getting back to his streaming roots, I'm, not sure what that means. Pretty sure he just got paid. Did he start on mixer? No, no mixers, no okay, but I. So people are saying, obviously got paid a lot of money. You know what I think you should have equity I think he got equity, oh and mixer, because I don't use big stars like this. Are gonna shell out millions of dollars. I think the smart way to get him on board is give them a couple points, because someone like him can make the platform like no other advertisement. Could you know, of course, look at this? Ten million views never heard of mixer it's owned by Microsoft, though, do you think I mean Microsoft I, don't know if they would well there's basically in the company? No, no, not Microsoft, yeah, no I think they would I think they would for for this, it's a smart play. Mm-Hmm give him give him like yeah. Well, you know, even a quarter of a percentage can end up being worth a lot of money. Yeah I think they totally would because, even though it's owned by Microsoft, these companies don't operate, they still have like standard ways of operating where they're not gonna drop ten million dollars, yeah cuz, they have a balance sheet and everything I think equity I mean short of just paying him like you know: 10 million bucks for like a two-year contractors, something which it's possible but I, think equity I think he got a piece him coming on. Their pot farm is worth that much totally so I wouldn't be surprised. Well, somebody back in the day was trying to court us to join their platform down to post our videos exclusively on their platform and they were offering us equity yeah, but it was, but they actually didn't offer enough for us to for it to be interesting to be interesting, so we ended up passing and then they went out of business a month later, it's not so funny. It was really funny. They were being so cheap on the equity offer yeah, and then they went out of [ __ ] business a month later and now for us looking back, it was like what why why did you guys negotiate so hard yeah? They were like a month away from closing yeah. It's awesome, weird I'm glad I didn't [ __ ] that stupid ass boy. So there you go good for ninja, I'm I'm, happy for him, [ __, ] twitch. We need competition. All-Around competition is good. Nothing sellout about it. I gotta, say to a mixer. You know is kind of been made fun of by the streaming community is like our Ustream. Um makes our kind of thing, because it's so small, but in my experience visiting it and I've, been seeing a lot of feedback too, with this ninja thing of people, you know visiting it for the first time in a few years, because ninjas there, it's legitimately really good like the layout, the the website runs really well much better than twitch. You know, twitches website is a joke. I, don't understand how they haven't revamped it at this point. Are we being paid by mixer when you get them on board? They followed me and then I checked and they follow like 5,000 people on, oh god, [ __ ], you I was like mixer deal, equity baby I'll take 5%. Mixer is fantastic within hours of the announcement, mixer was number one on the App Store, so whatever it was worth it yeah. You know they must have been negotiating this deal for a while, though, because Dan was telling me about niche ninja stats recently- and he told me he has he had fifteen thousand twitch subs down from his peak when he was like huge of 250,000 Wow. But I was like 15,000 how's that possible. That's um, that's how much we had when we were doing it once a week. I was like I. Don't believe that cannot be true and I'm book started. Looking at a ninja, then I guess he just has a lot of residual Fame I mean he just became so huge, but his stats fell out in a remarkable way like his average views were what is the red and blue. So the red is our strength that that's nothing, that's just followers and streamed, but here's his average views so around this time. That's what I remember that it was at like over a hundred thousand every time he streamed. But recently it's been down to like you know, but this is what I mean you see that happened on YouTube to big channels too, and then right something happens and they change it format or newer one with a new trend, and they pick it up again. But you don't just throw out your well to be fair on the low end he's getting thirty thousand, but then like on this day. He had sixty seven thousand, not so fast, that's a lot, but for somehow his subscribers dropped so dramatically. What is that on here? Damn yeah, it should be. Oh yeah, oh yeah, yeah his subscribers I, don't know how man he's done a small now, but here last month he had 15,000. Let's shock the hell out of me: I, don't know if there's just people abandoning twitch altogether cuz. How was it possible? He had 15,000 subs I mean at this point. He had 250,000. That was insane so I, don't I, don't blame him either for looking for greener pastures, because dude went from 250 times 3! That's how much he was making per sub. That's 750 thousand dollars a month. You know what I'm saying that's just subs down to 45 more than oh yeah, 45,000, that's pretty much 100% loss I mean ice, a lot of money. However, you cut it. That's a lot of guacamole but I. Don't blame the guy for looking for greener pastures man that shocked the hell out of me. You have to you, have to always look what's forward and what's best for you as the Creator yeah, two hundred and fifty thousand dude yeah, of course bitrate, which pocket which the guy who was saying that was obviously just bitter as [ __, ] and scared for his own job cuz. He doesn't want everyone to leave, twitch leave his ass behind and then, on the other hand, I was his YouTube channel was huge on was huge. She was getting at one point. Look at this chart. He was getting at one point, 200 million views per month and he gained three and a half million subscribers in one month, and it was like this for a long time and then now he's down to a hundred thousand, which is good. I mean that's still good, but it's like normal 22 million views. I mean so good, that's great! But it's not this insanity. You can't keep yeah, that's true! You really can't unless you're a beautify well, no beautify doesn't have actually PewDiePie does have. He doesn't have subs like that. He dead, he has views like this they'll see PewDiePie stance, he curious I was actually just looking at his channel, because I was curious with the point you made: 544 million yeah bro. What we're just talking about the ebb and flow you can see on him too. You know he has periods where I mean. Obviously this is the biggest month ever yeah, because about minecraft making that mine he's having a slow month, you know, or last month was slow. He only did 650,000 subs, but this month track he's got 1.5 million. Are you [ __ ], my tits raw spit on my tits and [ __, ] them holy God, I? Guess he's still not at a hundred million yet slow. It's funny! It's going super fast and it feels so slow because he was getting like a million a day, yeah exactly right. I! Guess you just can't maintain! Well! Here you can see he got this month, six, almost seven million! That's like a million a week or two million a week, [ __ ] six hundred million, and he makes that is completely unknown. Let's say three I think that's fair gives, like a million not fair, it is fair. He's got millions of mid roles in his videos. Are super long, that's more than fair! It's not like Thwaites. When you know exactly what trustee behind okay but I want people to understand that on YouTube you cannot really know I feel I I. Would he makes between two and three CPM Rose? It's not one, but you gotta average, all the videos that get demonetised or claimed, or whatever point eight million a month. Mmm PewDiePie is [ __ ] crap. Well, nobody surprised if he was rich yeah, but damn that's a good salary. He granny clearly deserves it. He grinds so hard he's been doing it for so long how's that [ __ ] not burned. How is he I don't know now he's playing Minecraft he's got a YouTube superpower, bro I yeah. He has a YouTube superpower. Yes, I was it. You know what the [ __ ] Wow. That guy is something else he's a workhorse. He deserves it. If anyone- no I didn't say didn't, know, I didn't know and I'm not saying you said otherwise, I'm just saying. Thank you. Thank you for Claire, just speaking anyway, there's look at look at look at us, but that brings me to my next point is that there was recently the fortnight World Cup, which was really interesting. There was a 30 million dollar prize pool largest in eSports of all time. Even the losers got 50k. So actually that's really cool cuz, usually the losers. Just [ __ ] waste their life and get nothing. That's right. I mean like, let's be honest like in the dota Championships. It's like the winner gets a million dollars and everyone else, who's games for 20 hours a day, professionally gets nothing. Nothing damn win or die. Trying' first place was a 16 year old won three million bucks. 16 did has looked it up the losers. Do you get something in dota as well? Would they get? Although it's split? Dota is a team game, so actually it yeah. You split five ways right and then probably the management gets something too so yeah. It's not it's not that great! Well. What is it a last place in last year's dota tournament got 63 grand, so split five ways: 10% for management right, exactly yeah, it's something! That's enough to live off for a year, I could got 5 grand when I was 18 share a room, a ramen yeah anyway, the six year old kid won 3 million bucks. You know when I used to be super into Starcraft 2. It's always the young kids that win these games, because once you're like over the age of 20 to your brain, is already too slow. I swear to you, you have to be. You have to be like a Renaissance freak child because their reflexes and the way that they learn they're, just insane I've, seen it so many times in Starcraft 2, like 15, 16 year-olds, world champions, 22 year-old alcoholic can't hold his own anymore. It's actually true in South Korea. They all become alcoholics, Oh, big drinking problem in South Korea, it's kind of like the equivalent of like the model. Modeling mmm career you gotta, be on I mean you can't really be 30. I mean you see it today more, but it's mostly like young girls mmm. You think they wash up at 30 yeah, it's crazy and gaming. They wash up even sooner I swear to god. It's like 22, whoa dude, you weren't lying I. Just looked it up. South Korea is like per capita the biggest drinking country in the world. Yeah. They love a lot. Yeah they're, crazy drinkers, whoa yeah, easy yeah, you wouldn't expect it, but there it is. They drink. Russia Russia's number, two. What if they carried some rice, some rice based like beer beverage, it's not sake, it's something else. Yeah I've never heard of, but they love it. You soju so like just to put it in context. Ninja and all these other famous streamers that you know to be like the best in the world didn't even qualify. So they're not there might be the most popular but they're, not even as close to as good as the 16 year old kid who, by the way, won the tournament by far Wow like he I, guess they gauged it by how many points you get in each match by how well you do and he won by like double the guy in second place: that's K! So these they can't even hold a candle to the six year old kid and ninjas 28 he's like he's too [, __ ], all yes, yeah, I'm telling you he'll! Never I bet you ninja will never even make it to the finals any here, because there's just some six-year-old kid at home was a [ __ ] plugged in you know, here's the video of him winning by the way, which is pretty much what you'd expect you know, look at take a look at this. Okay. I have a bone to pick here. Philip DeFranco is alive. What the hell is that, since, when is he doing live alone? I got a look at this. We're gonna do a meadow of thing here. What is this? [ __ ] hi I'm, going to delete this on Monday. What is this they're doing some kind of live stream? Why is that the title? No! No! You better watch quick! All right! That's such good bait because look on the on the sidebar I'll show you guys it's like his normal thumbnail. He says: I'm gonna delete this on Monday different, there's, always on that clickbait game. Well, anyway, here's the six-year-old winning three million dollars, and my goodness this is the most anti-climactic. You know they're in this huge stadium and how many seats didn't say it had Dan at the twenty three thousand twenty three thousand Fulda sold-out stadium watch how anticlimactic this climactic. It is. This game he's not anti-climatic. Well, he died, but he won anyway. So the guy who won the tournament is anything for the game. Fire will see this guy. Just one look at this [Applause] there's no Gatorade, there's no family where's the family in front like bro yeah. It's just getting awkward at this, but you know look at everyone around congratulating him. My god I mean guys. What do we do? What is this? This is the biggest sporting event in a row. You've seen NASCAR, you know those [ __ ] celebrate where's the parents he's looking, bears Diaz yeah found it. Thank you, like you see, NASCAR had those [, __ ], celebrate trophy crowd. Champagne bottle you don't need to get alcohol, get a soda pop and [ __ ] squirt it on him like all right. Let's give the kid a hug you like what is going on here. Well, there was it. There was some sort of award ceremony right. It didn't just end after that. Did it well I, don't know, but I mean this was the moment, but it you're right I mean you won three million dollar million dollars. This is the big moment to be Saturday. You stand there there doing this. These are unbelievable. I got to talk to them great job, but congratulations to him, but I got to talk to them. No wonder this starts a whole new genre of annoying parents who are like. Are you gonna get us three million dollars like when the kid is playing video games, I think that they exist. Probably well I. Tell you what these kids are: not they need to play with the support of their family. Here's. The crazy thing, though, will people ever take 16 year-olds, serious because, like in sports, the prime is between 18 and probably even up to 35, because like even though physically like Kobe was having his best years when he was like. You know in his 30s right, no, no late early 30s, he was having good times was he he was still doing well, but I mean when he, when the Lakers were winning every year, I think he was in his early 20s mm-hmm. Well, I, just I, don't know that that people are ever gonna, be okay watching 16 year olds, because you don't want to feel like you're watching a bunch of kid you watch when is it going mainstream and obviously it's in a stadium? You know there's a lot of Olympic sports, where the athletes are all very young gymnastics, Olympic gymnastics, they're, all teenagers, but I think they're meant to be. Are they not 18? No I mean the it's always like, at least in the. What do you call it when they're like flipping the tumbling and all of that those are always like teenagers mm-hmm and their same kind of thing as the eSports they're they're over the hump by the time, they're 18 they're, all news, interesting. Here's, some stats by the way this kid's name is Kyle Booga, Kyle, Booga, Jarrod, arf 16 year old from [Music]. He took first place in the solo competition in the inaugural fortnight, World Cup. He amassed 59 points with 23 of that coming from eliminations over the sixth round finals played today. That information was not useful to me stats. This is this is interesting. I was wondering how popular is for tonight compared to other sports, because you see them here so here, let's put it in perspective overall for tonight's stats, it has 78 million active players, 250 million registered accounts for comparison. League of Legend has 80 million active players. Pub G is down to 750 thousand, not even a million, although so this is when it gets weird pub. G Mobile has a hundred million active players and they're all China. You can play that on the phone I know. Isn't that nuts online peaked at oh, so how many people were watching this tournament? Two million people live watching the tournament between YouTube twitch and all that, but for comparison, you're looking at the World Series of baseball, 14 million dota 2 World Championship had 15 million, although four million 14 million were in China, Super, Bowl, 100 million, that's the biggest sporting event and the United States I wonder if, once we have adults who grew up playing, these kind of games will day watch a tournament like that. The problem with eSports- and it's always gonna- be the problems that the game changes. Oh yeah right. No one's gonna give a [ __ ] about for tonight in like two years yeah. So that's the problem. It is well legal legend. This game has been around forever. That finals had 205 million 203 million of it came from China yeah. A Chinese team was in the files, which was a big reason. Why? But there's so many [ __ ] peep China. We have 300 million here in this country. That's a lot yeah in China. What do they have like? 5 billion are like 3 billion I. Think no, no I think it's like 1.5 billion, something like that China population. At one point one point: four: okay, that's a lot! That's a lot of dough I mean 203 million people in China watch the League of Legends final. That's two-thirds, the population of United States yeah, but here it gets crazy. So, to put in perspective, the 2018 World Cup of soccer had 900 million. That's gonna get me anytime soon, so so, just for comparison, two million watched fortnight 900 million watch the world cup of soccer mm-hmm, so I just I, don't know that you'll ever be dudes kicking around the ball. Simple is the best. There's nothing that misinterpret there. You know what I mean there. You have it I crunched the numbers. What do you think? Were you fascinated? You have any thoughts. I was very fascinated and I still I'm very upset at that kids. Parents, oh you're, blaming them yeah. Well, he won three million bucks yeah. We need to take a break. How long has it been yeah? We do yes, exactly! Okay, great, so we come back. I've got so much to talk about you guys, I mean please don't go away. I've got a new segment called a pile of goofs where I've assembled a lot of fun. Videos that are too short to watch in its entirety, but group together into a pile, is a lot of fun. So guys stick around we'll be right back if you believe that you're not being snooped on or that nobody cares about your online data well, I'm, sorry to disappoint you, but you're wrong, because you listen to my show you're, clearly smart enough to understand that your privacy is under attack. Thank you for the compliment in your copy, read expressvpn hackers, governments and ad companies and isfp ISPs are gobbling up your data like all of it. That's why I recommend getting the software that I trust to protect my online activity, Express repeated their app use, powerful encryption to secure yours, and my data expressvpn runs in the background of your computer or phone, and then you use the internet just like you normally. Would you download the app click, connect and voila now you're protected I never go online without expressvpn and you shouldn't either. If you run 2 VPNs at the same times that, like wearing two condoms, where it's less safe, I wear two condoms, no I, don't know, but I guess don't do it I just once all you need expressvpn I, never go online with that expressvpn press ppm is the fastest VPN I've tried cost less than seven dollars a month and it comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee. Expressvpn uses new cutting-edge technology called trusted server to make sure there's no logs of what you do online. It's time to stop the hackers, the Big Brother's, the internet companies from gobbling up your data. Take back your online privacy like I, did with expressvpn and right now protect your online activity today and find out how you can get three months for free at expressvpn, dot-com, / h3, that's expr e SS, VPN, dot-com, / h3 for three months free with a one-year package visit, expressvpn com, / h3, to learn more about it. You've got a problem all right and it's nothing to be ashamed about, but let's face it, you're going bald all right, the you know most men by age, 35, 66 percent of them are already going bald. We got to do something about that. You know it's not! Okay, that every time you take a shower, there's hair, coming off your head, like a like a scene from psycho, going down the drain, let's stand up together and say no to baldness, take my hand because I've got the solution for you. It's for hems, calm, the one-stop-shop for hair loss, skincare and sexual. Well, that's why bad thanks to science, you guys baldness can be optional. Hymns connect you with real doctors, medical grade solutions to treat your hair loss. Well known generic generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions help! You keep your hair. This is the real deal guys. This is prescription solutions backed by science. There's no waiting room, no awkward, in-person doctor visits, you're gonna save hours by going to for hemes dot-com. It's so easy guys! You go on to four hams. You ask you answer a few quick questions. Doctors will review it and then prescribe you the medicine. You need to keep that beautiful, luscious hair, where it belongs on your head and not in the frickin drain, stop worrying about the sunblock on the bald spot of thinning hair and do something to help your hair loss and promote hair growth. Products are shipped directly to your door. Right now for our listeners we got a special deal: listen up get a month trial of hymns for just five dollars today. Right now, while supplies last see website for full details and safety information guys, this would cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or a pharmacy, so go to forums, dot-com, slash, h3, that's fo, r, hims comm, slash h3 for hams com, / h3. Let's keep that beautiful hair where it belongs. On your head. Welcome back my super troopers. Have you heard about this story of Saudi Arabia is building a dystopian cyberpunk city in the middle of the desert called neo m-- so like, let's name it enlike neo from the matrix, but with them at the end, Saudi Arabia I, don't I don't care if they build a [, __ ] heaven on earth city, where you know I mean I, don't know what heaven is, but I will never go to Saudi Arabia for any reason or Quatar na Quatar. Worse Dubai, that's in the UAE yeah [ __ ], those countries, I, don't I, don't even know. How is that? What is the reasoning their governments are insane like Dubai is was literally built from slave laborers from Southeast Asia, where they get them there and they take their passports. So they can't leave. Do you know there's like so many people died, building the Burj they're just like they don't give a [ __ ] about human life, they're they're psycho, and they have these crazy. They have like Sharia law they're like what am I gonna. Go there I'm, not gonna. It's like you Rocky and Sweden they'll. Just lock you up! Man, you don't get to say [ __ ] and these [ __ ] Sharia law, like you, you, oh oh I, accidentally kissed, a dude, just known you to death. I, don't want to go I, don't want to visit a place where, if I accidentally rub my dick on another guy's, dick accidentally, I'm gonna get stoned to death. Well I'm, just saying if it accidentally happens like oh now, I'm at the end of a noose, not town, they don't drink alcohol, [ __ ] that actually they do that's the thing about them: they're, so corrupt. All the rich [ __ ] do drink alcohol. There remember when we had the call from the guy yeah great guy. It was great. He was no I'm sure the people are are wonderful, but the government's like they set this whole Saudi royalty, not to mention like in Saudi Arabia. They just killed. They literally just murdered a journalist yeah who lived in the United States yeah and everyone's like cool. Let's go visit the cyberpunk place, no I, don't trust them because you go there and they'll walk you up. They'll murder, you for anything. They want that's pretty scary, not down. It is scary. If you go there, you have to put a turn of [ __ ] t-bob on that females are allowed to drive right. That's new yeah, apparently in Saudi Arabia, although there's also reports that of at the same time, female activists being like silently disappearing in the night. Bye-Bye, that's awful! What do you call the thing, the the shawl that women have to wear a burqa? Another burke is the full-body one. What's? Oh you job a job. You have to wear a hijab. You want to go. Wear hijab, um I can buy that Gucci one Gucci, the black, oh yeah, you won't! You won't draw anything. I want I, don't want to subject my wife to wear a hijab because I want to go visit. Dubai. Do you have to do that? Yes, it's illegal for women to not cover their hair in Dubai, I thought and Dubai. There they're a little bit more relaxed, I think you're right about Saudi Arabia. So what the [ __ ]? What am I gonna do gonna vote. The rules don't apply in this city if they, if, if they feel like it yep pretty much I mean that's the case. With this new thing to the the cyberpunks in here well, you're gonna have alcohol there, alcohol, the rules, won't apply. Why? What is it what's the rules? Why do they not apply in this city? Not down dude I. Do not like it and I'm, not saying that, because they're Muslim, because you know Indonesia, for example, doesn't stone gay people as far as I'm aware they're, the biggest Muslim company, and they were allowed there. No, yes, yeah, but regardless I, don't like any of that [ __ ], no, but yeah I do I I steal a point. I just think you should make it clear and yeah I think you did that you don't have a problem with the people. What do I know about the people? There's a lot of people who live there. Why don't rule? Yes, we love the people, we love the people best people they have the best people in Saudi Arabia, especially in United and United. You United, Arab Emirates- is that right. That is correct. I love all them in the name of the country, I love all the Southeast Asians, who are locked up like actual slaves and their passports taken away from them sick, so epic they're not allowed to drive or go home, oftentimes aren't even paid and they're sent to build buildings and fall to their death, SoDo yeah yeah. Well anyway. Let me tell you about this: dystopian city city was announced in 2017 should be at the northwest corner of the country adjacent to the Red Sea on the border of Egypt and Jordan right now, it's completely barren desert. The proposal for phormium was dreamt up by team of us-based consultants and management firms. The Wall Street Journal discovered that Boston Consulting Group yada-yada-yada we're working on the project. Here, let me throw you. Five hundred billion dollar project includes flying taxis. Sorry, since when is that a thing, maybe hot-air balloons, I, don't know flying taxis, robot, maids beaches with glow-in-the-dark sand, that sounds [, __, ], sick cloud seeding to bring rain to the city. Does that technologist yeah cloud Syria here where the [ __ ]? Do they cloud seed? They it's? They use. Some sort of like silver, nitrate or some chemical, but yeah, they disperse it into the atmosphere and it causes the moisture in the upper atmosphere to coalesce and turn into rain clouds. So I mean it's a real, that's an effective way of creating yeah I think they even did it over California. A few years ago, when we were in the height of the big drought that we had been having for like allocate here, yeah I think they they [ __ ] around with it a little bit. What yeah that's pretty wild hologram facilities, teaching and hologram teachers. Is that what I'm reading that doesn't sound, very good yeah like a school teacher? It's like you, know, skyping in a teacher, but instead of Skype, it's a hologram that doesn't sound like a feature. That sounds like really a nightmarish thing. I was all agree: I'm gonna teach a class security handled by 24/7 mask facial recognition, surveillance in a massive police, drone presence, great wow, that's exciting, a robot dinosaur, Island Romo was this dreamt up by 12 year old, yeah, robot cage fighting. So Dan was telling me about this. It's blood sports like ancient Rome, how they had gladiators fight. It's like that, but robots, alright, fair! We have battle bots here, I! Guess it's really well battle! Bots is like a couple of nerds with a remote control. This sounds like a Coliseum, oh yeah, that's that's the first one that sounds cool. You know. What's what's American gonna happen, this is what happens in Saudi Arabia. You get two criminals to dress up like a robot and they just you're. Actually just watching people kill them, kill each other. You know what I mean it's just a costume yeah. They just have like a really high-level outfit them. You think they're robots, but if they're actually just doing another state of the art medical facilities where scientists will work to modify the human genome to make people stronger. Oh alright, why do why? Is that going on here anywhere cool? Why is that a poor like you got your you guide me at flying, taxis and beaches with glowing Sam, then I'll, soon, you're hitting me with mass facial, cognition surveillance and robot police and human genome modifying, but the sand glows in the dark. This one is [ __, ] cool I, have to say an artificial moon that would be lit up and we can do elite of drones. If we can do send glowing in the dark, we should do it everywhere. Mm-Hmm. We need smart stance and standard Bluetooth and dude. This city, first of all, will never happen and, second of all, if it did, it would be such a [, __ ] show it's gonna, be such a [. __ ] show there's no way that this could ever work. Everything would be breaking. It would look all ghetto. Look up here, kind of carnival thing, yeah could be so ghetto, and then this is gonna be like the craziest ghost town after one year when everyone stops going cuz, it's just so stupid and they're like check out the robot mate, and it's just like you put your face, and just does that to you hang-hang robot. We don't want a glass of water. What is it do? Do ela wipes your? It would just wipe your breath. Oh thank you. Robot maid I, don't know man these that's like Saudi Arabia bro. This is another another problem I have with this country. They became rich tellurium lock and now what are they doing with this money? Building the stupid 500 billion dollar project well to be fair, I. Think from my understanding, they're doing this because they they're well aware that they're gonna run out of oil eventually and they they got to make themselves something other than just an oil country. This ain't the way to do this is not. This is not a good investment. If it's, if the purpose is an investment, also it's it's. It hinges on people actually wanted to go to saw Rabia, which I think most people from Western culture would never want to go to. Saudi Saudi Arabia is [. __ ], crazy, dude people cut damn heads off there. They have like they have like religiously there dude have you seen all those crazy, rich, Saudi, Arabia kids on YouTube, like yeah, just buy a Lamborghini cash mm-hmm, that's pretty crazy, yeah bro! It's! It is crazy. You know what happens to a country that was made super rich by dumb luck like all of a sudden that money's gonna go away and all but they're gonna be left with this glow-in-the-dark sand. No, that's a good and I! Don't know! What's gonna happen to that region, it's gonna be crazy. How are they gonna make taxis, fly Dan. That's a good question. I mean involved gonna, build that maybe they're they're trying to I mean we've been promised. [ __ ] flying cars since, like the 60s, so maybe they're, you know they're just trying to finally make it happen. They're trying to deliver on that promise. Doesn't it seem just so messy like now? They actually think about yeah taxis falling out of the sky. Once there, however, they fly it's gonna fall. Garbage is gonna fall pieces of cars are gonna fall, so you can't be under it. First of all, it's too dangerous mm-hmm! Second of all you what's the point of flying, I guess cuz! You could do like straight lines, but so that's why a long musk was talking about with the boring company. He says you can do that underground. That makes a lot more sense. Instead of flying you a straight line underground and you go a lot faster underground on a track yeah and it's not a danger, also just look so ugly to see like such a mess in the air all the time we're in it I'd imagine the cloud - yeah and then the noise pollution. That's that's another thing that you awful the noise - to make an actual taxi that could support human weight. Would the propulsion would have to be so powerful? It would be deafening with our current technology. You know so there you have it I'm going for that robotic Cagefighting, we're sending on the end. You're gonna be one of the robots. If ya, don't look at it, don't believe other rules- dude Ian I'm, sending you out there I want you to [ __ ] a dude and see what happens you ant? We can negotiate that Oh to sting well. I'd go for the genome, messing with my genomes. You want to be stronger. So, okay, let me if I did you a surgery to make your dick like 20 feet long? Would you sounds like and you got to use it in the arena. I'm gonna make you a giant big bazooka to fight in the arena. All right, you ready for this pile of goofs, big old, pile of them. Huh all right, I got a pile of goofs here. These I've been collecting for a while, and these are all nice little clips that I love on its own, not that great together a powerful, wonderful segment from the beginning. We start with an McBaine the elevates to levels never before seen, 16 pound whole alligator. You know, like we've, seen everything and I'm, not I, don't get disturbed very easily anymore. I can watch like we watched Fear Factor. While we eat a lot, yeah yeah, you know, yeah I cannot watch this video. This is the one video that I can't watch. So this is worse than the crab. You have a whole cooked I think is the worst video on town mate. You know it's all whole. It's like this has been a flick to to level. Might not be this, it is quite disgusting. The music might not be okay, so I think it's free, but yeah and we are celebrating a hundred so much not what she's done by God. So is anyone else feeling what I'm feeling? No it's auras gusting, so she's got a huge Gator with a lemon in his mouth. No I cannot believe this thing smells so good. It smell it. Let me we're gonna get into it. Guys. I have a 15 pound alligator that was made for me. I told ya, you listening has to understand it's a whole alligator with a lemonade mouth and covered in glass. Yes, it was like a barbecue restaurant downtown at the guild hotel, it's called Luca Luca is beautiful, I love going there. The staff is so by the way I got about it. Oh she's basting it angry sick, [, __, ] to see it like she's, just no, so we're not. She can't get into the skin. We found out about the big lobster stuff we found out. Other people were doing it is this something that other people have done? I think she was trying to find something unique to celebrate 100,000 she did so she didn't really eat anything. Did she she didn't put it down? Oh no! This is an apex predator. This is a predator at the top of his game, jaws that can clamp down with ten billion forces of pressure. This alligator live valiantly fighting for survival, and here he sits on this dumbasses table with a lemon in his mouth with a blue microphone. Hey daddy, look how much she ate by the time. I go to the end. That's it! It looks the same. This is the end of the video. Oh, my god he's gonna. Throw that thing out. What was the point of this video? Then she didn't even eat anything, but she didn't even eat any from the side. That's facing the camera! That's what bothers me. So it was exactly the same. Clearly not eating it. She don't like it yeah. How could you like that? Okay, next time, you delegate her, you got to go to the swamp. No worse, video I have ever seen yeah ever you can show me anything else. What what she's asking for a share would you share? Please she's begging, my friends and family one day dear mom, she begged me. I cannot believe that she does. She destroyed it. This beautiful predator for, like a clickbait title, I, just googled it to see if other people have done it with alligator and they have, but not in none of these other videos. Is it just like a whole [, __ ] animal sitting on the table. You know it's like it's fried up and just in pieces or something they had to humiliate it in death tube by putting the lemon in his mouth. You know thing about. It is so insane like what is wrong with you. In fact, this is the levels of Logan Paul going to the suicide forest. It's just like thinking. Oh, it's a good idea for video and forgetting completely about what it means. What does it mean? I, don't know: I don't did everything that you've described is so horrible I. Don't want to see this alligator like that on her stupid table covered in this disgusting, black sauce I love how she basted it with, and then she doesn't even eat it. She if she didn't eat any of it, 30 minutes she didn't even dent it like at least. Let me see you like I can't find her eating any to be fair. It's 16 pounds of meat I know, but she didn't even try to make it look like well. She knew that starting out, it's not like she's got people over she's. Just her she's right down the meat looks crazy. The meat looks like raw chicken I feel like she doesn't like it. She's right, no [Music], bro I do not understand. Let's talk about VidCon. Well, there's a Dalek there's no plan, you just eat the food and then talk about elliegator on your table. There's a whole alligator in front of you social anxiety. After I get my schedule together, yeah she's dancing with a black mayor episode. I, don't like want to mess it up like mess up the whole. Oh, but we want to see what it looks like eaten. Isn't that the whole point of the MOOC bang, yeah I, think it's tail, she doesn't to eat it. Cuz there's too much fat in the tail, so she's she's going over to the ribs she's peeking. You have a 16-pound. Do you see how like particular, she is Dan? Yes, she's peeking in like it's a wallet, look he's going in all the sound effect. Oh my god! Oh my gosh- and this is literally like it's a bunch of you she's eating the skin. It's like gnarly flavor, so that we don't linger. Um I swear to God that the meat looks like raw chicken, weird I. Looked it up, I guess: alligator tastes like quail. Oh I, know a quail tastes like sure and quail tastes like Wamba. What's that I don't know tastes like one book who knows what who eats quail kind of reference point? Is that tastes like poop Illini got alligator. One time tell me Dad they on a cruise ship once tell me about it. I mean it. Tasted kind of chicken dish was it did they serve a whole alligator on your plate? No, they kind of ripped me off there. I think did that did you enjoy it? I mean I, didn't mind it. It was alright mmm. Okay, thanks for chiming in Ian. Thank you. I appreciate the opportunity. We don't hear from you a lot these day. Well, you didn't need to make powerpoints. So we have heard from you recently, which is nice I, don't want anyone to think we have beef or anything just because the PowerPoint didn't sweetie ate some waves. Oh I forgot to talk about yeah. How did I miss so skip over that I? Don't know, I totally missed that hold on. So let me finish this and then I'll go back. Okay, talk about that! I'm gonna stay on message here anyway, I! Don't know why this video is giving me such a feeling, but I'd hate it I know I I totally catching about it. Is it significantly worse to you than the giant crab? Yes, hmm I, think I, think they're equally gross I, think it's interesting I think, probably because it's it alligator and I, don't know they're so cool, it's a whole alligator with his head and tail and it's all covered in this black one and also she at least the other girl with the giant lobster tried to get in beast mode and eat it. That's true. This girl had like two blow nibbles well I mean like also I've, seen people you'd lobster it's just way bigger, which was apparently in the South. They [ __ ] what they eat. Alligator yeah, but you do you ever serve like the whole alligator on the table. Yeah, that's standard! No! That's buffet, Sunday, no I'm kidding I'm sure! That's! That's totally! That's crazy! Here's something to cheer you up! The French army, proud of our army, modern and innovative, the Prime Minister of France tweeted out. If you need to know why France loses every war here, it is they've got some homie on a hoverboard with a gun in his hands. Look at this [ __ ]. This is the dumbest [ __ ], you've seen in your life, I mean I, know it's full, but to actually say I, proud of our army, modern and anime innovative. I dude, if you send, that in to war, this is like a huge epic moment. He's like peace I'm out I only have enough fuel for two minutes just in and out in, like second, you can hear him flying off. That was him that smoke he detonated I mean it looked fun. It was a instrument of war. It's the dumbest thing I've ever seen so proud of our army. Innovative and modern dude I think bro I, wouldn't I wouldn't send that in the combat. It's all loud he's on the table. What is that yeah wow? That is think about the taxi, we're talking, yeah yeah. Look at this thing done you have to stabilize before you can chew, you'd be killed like immediately he's like you up Carol. No one else has dudes on hoverboards flying into combat this guy trained for like two years for this hmm epic, truly magnificent I would love to see that turned into a sport or something somehow I mean the thing is cool. That's an instrument of war, Dan, yeah, hilarious, now Jets. That makes more sense. He's still crushing it, though yeah nice, proud of our modern military people, were goofing cuz. It was like green goblin, like from spider-man, but yeah I love to see a fleet of those okay. Half of them will crash into each other yeah. The other half will be shot down before they equalize enough to shoot. So there's the French army our stay on the good side of France people, fupa army is taking our hate of KFC a little too far. Look at this video [ __ ] KFC exploded in North Carolina. Do you see that what happened you know I have a cynical for it. It looks almost comic book. He like how much it exploded. It shows a KFC at night, someone's filming it for some reason or actually sorry, someone's filming a TV screen. Efforting is secured. It's just security yeah, so yeah, certainly but I'm. So cynical of KFC I almost feel like this is viral marketing. Nobody was hurt, it's just a KFC exploding, like literally they probably needed to remodel that branch anyway. Hmm, although I can't it's not really a great look where it's like, hey come in, a KFC could explode at any minute, so there you go I thought that was worth sharing the idea that it it might have been an overzealous h3 fan, taking the I. Don't oh, yes, I'm dismissing them right off face value! This was fantastic you! This is a bit old, but somebody sent in an attack drone in Brazil on a party that was being too loud. We can hear the sound on this one, no I, don't think they're sound, it's a gift, oh, but it yeah wish. We did have sound, but it's a drone with a firework attached to it like a roman candle and he's just sniping on everybody, and it's pretty awesome, no running range army. Look at this yeah French army. Take note France first Brazil, epic of warfare. God bless: we've got more here guys, but this is a pile of goofs. This one came in China. This [ __ ] only ever happens in China dude, a freak tsunami at a wave pool in China like in the kiddie pool dude the wave pool in China, there's tsunamis, even in the wave pool. Look at this [ __ ], [, __, ], amazing, their wave pool is usually the chillest look at this. Nobody died, but I guess for four people were injured. Look at this. Apparently the wave mechanism malfunction it just launched like a dead like a freaking tsunami, dude China is so crazy. Man I feel like this would only ever happen. There I want to watch that again. Oh stop the autoplay all right I'm over it. Okay, now I can't believe I missed over this. So during a ins PowerPoint presentation we had discussed if little NAS was guilty of copyright infringement, he was accused of another rapper little Tracy vert mi Rio Doce, his name, no art, no Burt, oh just a little traceable Tracy, that's a different guy! Oh he's! Not the Burt, Busey mm-hmm right yeah! That's right! So his name is little Tracy by the way everyone same little these days. You know that everyone's look, my rap name would be Lolo little big. No, you can be little big. I'm Lolo I've already been a little client mmm, so he tweeted at me did that shocked the hell out of you when you saw that Ian no I mean he seems very plugged in online, but it still is funny but you're making waves dude. You made a PowerPoint talking about this and the next day we've got Tracy little trace. Tweeting at me, he said, keep my name out your mouth grandpa and then heat, and then he tagged me was interesting about it. Is they blocked the pod kept our? Actually? He let me put sunscreen so here keep your name out. I'm out your mouth grandpa um. How old is little Tracy? It's a good question: let's look it up he's a young man early twenties, probably- and he was what's interesting- he's preemptively blocked the podcast Twitter, but he never blocked me. It's 23, and so everyone's trying to I I, just I sent a bunch of laughing emojis because I thought it was hilarious and I retweeted him, because I love whenever we're talking has like real world influence, I think it's incredible and then he quote: tweeted my laughing emojis with a serious face like I'm, dead, serious, so I, so I responded to him. I said is this: what beef is? You know, am I in rat beef right now. That's pretty crazy! For me in you were getting lots of [ __ ] in the comments bro have Tracy on, so we can explain. Ian's got a load of [ __ ] Rome. These people are wild and I. Don't know what they're talking about here's. The clip from four minutes on was pretty pissed. When I heard it was just listening, the podcast normally and he got he got super angry I want one of them to elaborate. Just one I was looking I wanted them to prove me wrong. Once said, why are you so angry and he responded because I'm, a Tracey fan and I feel like he didn't, have full context, but to begin with, we didn't even talk: [ __ ] about a little Tracey. We all like the song well, I. Actually Ian said he preferred it yeah. The only thing I said that I can think would have upset him was that I thought he should have been more chill with little nod yeah. But oh and I didn't take little nods, copied him mm-hmm. Do you think that's what I said that yeah I mean you effectively said tough luck. You know which whatever I mean well now I'm an internet well now I'm in rap beef, but I see these people criticizing Ian and, like he and said they didn't say what he got wrong. First of all, second of all, let's see them put on such a great PowerPoint yeah I'd like to see a counter PowerPoint yeah. What, if I, want to see what kind of effects they do in PowerPoint? They don't want the smoke, they don't got the slides. You know I love. If Ian had like an arch-nemesis that came in with the counter power, PowerPoint Ethan has an advert h3 podcast listener fan Ian had absolutely no idea what he was talking about when he came to little Tracy. Let him explain himself get Tracy on the show. How am I gonna get Tracy on the show we have. We have beef now he gave me the straight face when I laughed and I said. Is this what beef is and then he tweeted out old white men quickly erased it. You know whenever someone calls me old, I have two inclinations: I go well I'm only 34, but then that steps my self up where they're like dude, you look like you're, 50 I'm, not I'm, not insulted by it. When someone calls me old, either uh and then he said oh yeah, and then he sent me this I said is this: what beef is- and he just sent me a picture of his profile picture, which is like a de nom, demonic, rabbit and I said spooky, and he raised it again, though I don't know, I I, don't know. If I wanted to be four and then I sent him this, which he didn't, he back down all the sudden go cowardly once he saw what he was up again. This is a picture of beef. You don't want and I sent him a picture of my under foolish shot and all the sudden he got real quiet. He wanted to talk [, __ ], and then he got real quiet when he saw what he was up against. You know, I just don't get. Why he's mad when the whole point of the segment was to call attention to the fit? In you know, percent of people that know the little na song. Don't even know who this guy's is. Well, it wasn't a favor, it wasn't a favorable report to him. We were defending world knows we. We don't think that little nose copied this song really fired. But if your little Tracy he's saying y'all this guy copying me [, __, ] him and we're saying: well, we don't think so, so we're disagreeing with them yeah. So nothing like you would want to start beef with us, I suppose I then I'm just saying. If you want to end beef, look at that face and see where it ends, I can't see where that exact. Exactly that's the mentality that we're working on so I thought that was pretty thrilling. That I just thought. That was really amazing that that we actually got to engage with low trace based on the ins PowerPoint. So how fun is that and and then well then there was a really exciting follow up. I said Ian the intern making waves and then Gabi here said. Is he single? Is he still single? He said and I said yes Gabi and very eligible, and apparently she D amped him on Instagram that right, Ian I mean I haven't answered yet, but it's there. What did she say like Ethan told me you're, single and I'm like that, and so she can see that you read it and didn't reply, reply, no cuz! It's in my request. Okay, so you didn't open it. No I know I'm exposed. No, you don't know. That's unsolicited well, I! Think anyone who wants to apply- oh boy, has to go through lies. Yeah I mean if what you're gonna cut out the middleman. If we're, if they're coming because of us, we need to vet them. If you're in I don't want to I, don't want you to meet someone who's, not you know, look not gonna appreciate your part points. If you're interested send your resume to podcast at h3h3 productions, comm with a picture a little bit about it needs to be approved by mommy and daddy come on. Can we edit that out and for those reasons, okay send in your resumes and and let's let's say no one has to read this? Yes, you have to date them don't [ __ ] them we'll. Do you next in that's exciting yeah, but is it yeah I got I, let a big stick boy. What else we got cursed, tik, toks, Jimmy Lee? Oh my god, we're actually gonna finish everything. We're gonna be caught up here: Kirstie, okay, there's a there's: a titter, a titter Ethan come on I'm, so tired, you guys I'm, so [, __, ], tired, yeah I was saying: I threw Ethan that I feel so brain-dead I woke up so early today. To take care of the adang and he's just so he's, sometimes he was good this morning, but yesterday was brutal yeah. What was going on. He was having gas all day and that's so hard, like father, like son, I'm, just waiting I'm just praying from the grow out of this phase. Right now, I don't see any like end in sight. It has improved a lot I guess so you know but I'm, starting to like it's starting to catch up on me. You know cursed, tik-tok, there's a twitter handle that I started following recently that have become quickly a huge fan of called cursed, tic TOCs, and he this this man spends all day on tick, tock enduring the worst it has to offer, and he curates it for our pleasure. So I just been following him and I ear ear marks my favorite ones. Unfortunately, they have copyrighted music, so we're gonna have to act fast, okay, I'm! You did back here again, okay, good, so I'll tell you what Connie is explained now: I gotten a lot of trouble from Indians Indian members of India for saying that I think Bollywood is goofy. They said Ethan how the [ __ ]. Can you say that about Bollywood that it's goofy? How dare you you don't understand? Well, this is the kind of thing you see and I admit that it's a cultural difference, I think this is cool to a lot of people. I think it's goofy can I just say that these guys are goofy and it's kinda. It's got that Bollywood bot by it I'm trying to be for the whole country here instead of just making fun of these two knuckleheads. But do you see what I'm saying I feel like I feel like? So let me describe what I'm seeing there's two guys they go from what they jiggling their heads and go and Criss crossing and they're crying on one end and then smiling on the other. The guy in the back kills me look at how he cries like this one and then the smile and the cry their tears coming down their face. Yeah wish I could play the music. Thank you Dan. Thank you. You see what I'm saying but being on edge the people who got upset things that you have a problem with the whole of India yeah. That's true, I do know your dog right by the way people totally misinterpret what I said. Cuz I said: dude looked like a janitor and they're like oh all, Indian action stars, look like janitors. What I meant is that in an action star movie here in America, they look like the rock and every [ __ ] movie yeah, and that guy was just he looked very casual. He didn't look very different. He was dressed I didn't say he looks like a janitor I, don't mean all Indian people look like Jan yeah. There's a lot of I got a lot of [ __ ]. For my father. You know that's probably a choice. Poor choice of occupation could have said like a manager at an Applebee's or something thank you. That would have been much better to say. I, I, frankly, didn't even know there. I didn't know. There was a stereotype that any people are janitors. That's not the stereotype. If there is well that's what they were saying, Oh way to describe Indian dudes as janitors, okay, okay, here you want the stereotype. He looks like the manager at a call center. Is that better I mean I, don't know what are they saying? Why I'm, not I, don't mean I, don't think any people are janitors got heartburn. You know what I mean I do know what you mean. I gotta, say: I gotta stand up for those Bollywood movies a little bit, not that I'm like a super fan, but they're goofy there for sure goofy, but really entertaining I, know I, didn't, say: I didn't like them or they're, not entertaining I said Indian. People are goofy, all of them, 100% of them all of them without exception are goofy from the prime minister. All the way down now you're confusing can I not say that I, don't like any Indian person, just [ __ ] around just give me a break just enjoy the show. Look at these guys, man, they're, so good, awesome, they're, really good at it, though, like there ya, go and everything I mean I, think it's there really counts and I love how passionate they're the head, jiggles [, __, ], epic. We should do something like that. What they're actually crying, how a pig is that it's cursed, but it should be blessed. This is so epic. You see I commented: do you see I, don't yeah? Why, anyway, India India YouTube is already tied to destroy me, so they can't touch me now me against India, World, War, three I think they're great they're, so entertaining they're, fantastic I love, Indian people, I. Do love Indian people out of the best you're confusing I'm, just kidding what do I care about people I? Don't care about them as much as anyone Yeah right, great food Zak said: that's racist, I, love, Indian food people, I! Don't want people to misinterpret what you're saying. Why do you love Indian people? So much? You have a fetish I'm just goofing around and what show the few Indian people that I know are awesome. So that is what I'm referring to dude Indian people, [ __ ] rule a new food is delicious and some of the most bright and best and the plot of this planet come from India. Okay, full stop here. This is a curse: tick, tock, I, don't remember what song he's singing, but it's some soggy dancing one apparently fur! Oh, it's uh! I! Remember it's uh! What is it Wham waking you up before you go: go yeah! Wake me up before you go-go and it's some homie with a rope. Apparently this is that a lot of furries are branching out to more lifelike buddy with more lifelike. What yeah teachers from from the cat's trailer that this the furry community would reject this guy yeah portunities, not cute, so no but I think what they didn't like about. That one is that they also had human characters in their face. That's where this one they're like well, he looks like an animal, so I'm, gonna, [, __, ] him. Let's suck his dick, he looks like an animal, but I look I just the way it's sped up is. It looks like really oh you're. Coming to the hotel, yeah just I said this is the most cursed tick-tock and on the Indian when I said this is epic, so you know and being human I. Don't think this one is the most cursed. Really it really spooked me in the way he moves and like I, don't know, really suits me personally got the picture-in-picture and [ __ ] that one doesn't disturb. You know, okay, how about this one EULA this one I had to double take I was like I, don't see anything wrong, and then you realize it's homie out of gasoline just pouring gasoline everywhere. That's cursed, yeah you're, damn common! This is this is fake. Why is this fake then explain to me why this is he's holding a hose behind the thing or something bro? Yes, I'm right? Yes, I knew it because yeah you're totally right. Well, it's possible that they do fooled us! No, that's, epic! Okay! So that's a blessed tick-tock! That's a plastic dog right there! Okay, there you go damn ruining the fun I'm. Sorry, nice caroline's me of the Zoolander thing wait and in that scene in Zoolander, is set to the wham song the same song. It all connects mm-hmm, well, okay, so this one I think I can play volume on yeah this one's. That big. Can I play volume on this one I, don't remember what the music wasn't this? No, it's just a picture of a guy, almost like an under job he's looking down at the camera. Looking for a tik-tok wife best do it gets to be my tick-tock. Wife gets to be and he's just stupidly on at the camera and he's got like Fromm's on his lips and beside ways hat you got to see this one I'm. Sorry, I can't really describe it. I love that look to the side. Can you go back? Is this guy's Twitter handle just cursed, tick, tock, Kristen yeah, it's toxic, tic TOCs, but it says cursed, tick, tock, so toxic toxic. What do you say? What do you want to see here just at the audio Lagos, if they want to see you'll definitely go visit? This look. Is epic I'll, be your wife back I'll sing, a duet with you? Don't look? You got to download Tik Tok man, so this one, no I don't want to I. Just I want I need a curated. So this one is awesome this. This is definitely something to behold here. I got I can unmute for this one. So it's a one with purple, hair click off looking. She has like 30 necklaces on because they [ __, ], mister exit' and then [ __ ] chase me down turn around [ __ ], throw goddamn soda at me and when I somehow I feel like tacomas, not the problem here. I, don't know why this is a tick tock. What makes this a tick tock, but I just love that for some reason this is what goes on on big dog tick: tock award, yeah, most curse, tick tock of the year. Love love, love that she left out the baseball bat until the end of story develops every time. Yeah you've learn more like yeah yeah, it's like Mentos wide. If I cut her off and then it's like so wide. If I had a bad, it wasn't even a footlong, yeah I loved it I love how she goes so shoot me. Cuz I wanna die so I pick. Why is dear white people? Trending yeah I saw that I hate that title I don't care what you care it's this show you can address white people as much as I can't say that I hate every Indian person which I, don't and I would never say that let's move on I'm, just yanking your change. You know on him I'm a peaceful guy, I love, everyone yeah, never heard yank the chain. That's the thing right guys, huh coming up yeah I mean messing with you. Okay I've got the insult, manifest I've been putting this off cuz. It's it's like a long video there's a lot to chew on there and I've got Jimmy Lee. Let's end on Jimmy Lee, Jimmy, Lee friended, the show you all remember him he's a funny. Guy he's a funny guy. He has emailed me. Basically, we had him on a while ago. We collab with him on our second channel like years years years ago and he has never stopped sending me emails just for example, here's it says of about a hundred emails in the top right. So this was I took this screenshot a couple weeks ago, and but you can see pretty much every week consistently like 200 live 5th, June 22, June, 21, June, 20, June, 10, June, 6, May, 30, May, May, 18 Wow, but I mean of about a hundred. So this guy, that's a hundred weeks he's been emailing me. So here's the new video he sent me. He says he forwarded it to me, comedy reality TV dangerously funny at Comic Con. So, like all right, let's see what Jimmy is up to you know: I mean I, don't look at his content in a while. So here he is that comic-con tell me if you guys think his you've improved Jerzy al-manar comedy reality. Television show dangerously funny we're here in comic-con and fill the content with all the geeks. All the freaks yeah. Yes, Philadelphia Pennsylvania. These guys have conquered comic-con one day, they're going to conquer basic hygiene. Let's hear for these guys right now: friendless overweight, losers, friendless, there's, there's five of them that I don't have five friends and they're. Also really all skinny yeah friendless, overweight, Jimmy we're talking about the roast. Let me tell you you guys, should be proud of yourself how many people can say: they're gonna, remember the first time they got gonorrhea in Philadelphia, let's hear it so he also just said that they're getting sex too cuz gone, ariza, STD yeah, that's dope anyway. Sorry focus on the comedy you'll be able to tell your kids or whoever you take to your a a meeting with dice dungeons and jury enjoy. This is a wonderful product back in 1962, it's irrelevant. No one gives a [ __ ] about it, because you're decent looking, you may sell a couple dice if the odds are against it. Okay, you got a play. Diaas between you, go to the racetrack okay, now snap out of it pack your bags up and get your crap out of here. What did you think about those jokes? Where was the joke? He was just like super mean I love. It he's like listen. Nobody yeah now is that comedy or what we love Jimmy, the comic books. When I was a kid, then I turned nine. You put, oh my god, he's killing it. It's ten minutes of this dangerously funny pick-up will be your second date. You look good what happened? What is absolutely nothing Wow? What's your name so here he goes it's kind of hard to make out what but I think what's going on. Is that he's approaching this black dude? Like he's a scary, dangerous criminal because he's black and so I think that's the context of this interaction, Nick Fury, whatever you say anything you say direct wherever you want to eat anything you want! You want to call your broad anything. You want up there and you're a remarkable person fury you keep telling yourself that I disagree. You've said it share like. Could we I like threesomes now these are time he's a mega. Let me explain something to here with threesome Tamizh, two chicks and a guy anyway, you're thinking all right, I didn't know they came in pairs, it's really nice. This is a nice outfit. Halloween will be here soon. Just keep it on you hasil, Verne and Shirley. Alright. What's your line wasn't up to date, reference every time the director hollows action, you take your clothes off, you don't think I know about you! Oh yeah, you were in that church, so I think you can suck. What's that you you're alright, what do you do? I gotta find another line of work. You don't know. How could she is that editing? What do you do? I am a I'm, the president I, don't find it another line of work. I thought you were Elton John. Don't let your son go down on me. The manager. Is you got the job sit back, I'll bring your shrimp cocktail. Whatever you want who's a lady, your girlfriend, wife, you share Josh. What are you doing? What are you doing? Josh with the managers like that I want to know about it? How many peanut M&amp;Ms did you eat today, Oh about thirty hundred? You know in the free love, always free love that free ribs. Hey me: why no free reps! Anyway, you get the idea. It's it's! It's a challenge! It's a watch! It's a challenge! To get through it, I love, Howie's. His technique is just to go to comic-con. Just like be a dick. That's a zombie style yeah! It's it's an interesting approach. I mean certainly unique I'm. Here, let's watch this one Batman Batman I want to tell you something: Batman, yeah, you're, no Caped, Crusader or you're more like a gay crusader. Where is the joke? It doesn't even rhyme caped and gay, like it's not even a play on words: man, yeah you're, no Caped, Crusader or you're. More like a gay crusader, go home, uh suck your own thumb and by that way, Batman yeah put the mask up a little bit more I've always looked up to you. Are you English would eat the goddamn muffins for Christ's sake, they taste wonderful. What bus accident were you anyway? You get the idea to win today, listen nicely the meth lab to let you out for the day you want to go skinny-dipping later yeah, that's nice! Take your clothes off everybody's, going to run for the hills. Thank you, Jesus! What's going on with this guy he's just off the rail, he really is off the rail I'm surprised he hasn't been choked out. Man ones are good. You know why they get on top they're light. They don't hurt. Okay, so listen. What's the joke, they care. Why isn't there like? They don't I'm over it anyway, if you get that yeah Jimmy leave a jersey, outlaw everyone still got it noticeably less fat, jokes, those were the ones that always got me. You only made fun of one fat person, but it used to be like he went up to a big girl and he said you're a big girl, you're, a big girl I've, ever got well. Okay, the only way to follow this episode up is to have Andrew yangon for president [Laughter]. People can get angry at me for saying we're talking about India again, I was trying to help, and you want to help me when I know, but like it's, you know, I mean I should be able to say that a whole country people are good for you, I, don't know, what's wrong with that. I. Don't actually believe that I want to apologize to all of our Indian fans and friends, I, think you're, terrific I think you're great people, an important country so much so much culture. So much value has come out of out of your great country, your great land, the entertainment top-notch, the people fantastic. The food to die for Indian is without a doubt. My favorite country, I, regret ever having to say to speak badly on India is to speak badly on humanity as a whole. I would never dream of saying anything. I hope, I hope that our next Sun is Indian. You know if you want to [ __ ] Indian, do it and get pregnant by him, I'm cool with that? No, we don't know the music is Indian Oh. If those okay, listen, if those guys aren't Indian I'm a racist I accept you know what I accept it anyway, I'm a racist. Alright, that's getting clipped, cancel me I'm done anyway, I'm ready to retire can't. Do me a favor and cancel me my throat. It started well when I talk a lot it gets so I have issues like I was singing to Theodore all morning to calm him down that or D get my throat going and I have a new tic where I like or no that's, not what it is. What is it? It's not I forgot what it oh like that I keep doing that that [ __ ] up my throat, but just talking for two hours and I was up early. So I need to be more careful with my throat cuz. It gets really feel it's very painful right now, I think all the coughing I do cuz it acid reflux doesn't help I'm a mess is the music playing down. It is okay in the contrast of the very cheery theme song, but I'm excited it's Friday, yeah and I am very excited to have Andrew Yangon I am excited to be involved in our political process and to discuss with Andrew a vision area, some that I that I'm, having more and more respect for every day, sit here at our blessed table and discuss the important issues. I'm gonna show them that tick-tock and asking what he thinks about it. I'm gonna do this with them anyway. That's it t ji, f, baby thank God. It's Friday have a great great weekend. You guys without you I am nothing. You understand that without you, I would be literally. What would I be doing? I don't want it to mean other people's jobs, because I have respect for everyone that works, but basically I wouldn't be doing this I'd be doing something else, and the song's ending point is that I love you and if your dick is was ever presented to me, even if it was in Saudi Arabia, where I'd be put to death, I would suck that dick dry and I'll be stoned for it. - I, don't care ready, look, I, don't know! What's going on, that's how much I love them that I would suck their dick. Even in Saudi Arabia, where it's punishable by death, it's beautiful man, it's a nice thought. Isn't it I, don't know I'm, not sure it's not I, think it's nice that I would be willing to die to suck their dick out of pure love and adoration. All right guys, we'll see you on Wednesday all right with Andrew Yi a gang enjoy the weekend and we are completely brain dead. Sorry, bye,.