Welcome one and all to another installment of no meme left behind our second installment of possibly the best series to ever exist on YouTube. That's true! That's true! Today we look back on the memes that were fallen in combat that were left behind. We have a huge master document of tons of research that we've done over the year and essentially there's so much great content. We don't have time to get to over the course of these podcasts. So what we do is we look back through the document. We find our favorite segments that were left behind and no memes are left on here in the HD army, so we grab them. We put them straddle them over our shoulders and we take them to the infirmary, the firmer area, to get them all healed up, because no goddamn meal of mine- these are worthy me. These are some of the best stuff. We've got. A great terrific show here, planned dan and Ian are going to be joining us today. It's very excited to share with you guys. We are sponsored today by doordash, endo, Chino and Dollar Shave Club. Did you play Zach's intro, music Dan we did was that fire. It was pretty freaking fire, my dude, so that insane guitar solo was by the one and only yours, truly Zach Zach. You can show him on the camera there Zach. That's us Christ's sake. Just click Zach, please for the love of God. Just click over to Zach area Zach hi Zach is a shredder on Instagram, with your Instagram Zach Z underscore vinyl there. It is folks you can see. You see him there. Ela has one week left from today. Actually so this may well be our last podcast, and probably it probably likely is yeah so from between now and next Friday we're gonna have a baby. I know, that's so fun, it's so weird, because everything still feels like normal yeah more. You know more or less, but just it's like one day. It's all! It's like once you break once that baby comes it's on you! No, but between now and a week it's going down. We know yes and no yeah I am ready. I want to get my body back, I want to feel not pregnant mm-hmm, but I'm. Also, not ready I, think you're, ready, I'm, ready, I. Think you're get you you. You always think yourself, oh well, your Mac sighs. You cannot gonna get any bigger, but in the past like week I would say you has gotten I mean show him your shirt. How show him how that shirt fits you yeah I was jacket. You really, let's get a look at you, I mean here, give him a profile shot. Somehow it doesn't do it justice, though, to give him profile. It doesn't. Do you judge it doesn't really capture the insanity of it. Aren't you supposed to look fatter on camera. Wasn't wasn't that, like a man, yeah people said but I feel like it's tough? Is it yeah? It's a myth. You look better on camera people. Look better. My skin looks good on camera. I. Don't know why I don't even wear I, don't wear makeup. I feel, like videos have gotten so good. You can't wear makeup on video anymore because you just look like you're a dude wearing makeup and it looks Vic Ulis. You know you watch like old TV shows in 4k, and you can tell I, don't know how they restore. How do they convert old shitty footage to 4k? Maybe you know the answer to that. One of you guys back there Dan uh if they have the original masters like film masters, it's pretty easy, but if it was shot on video like if it was a show that was originally on video, it's kind of a [ __ ] process they're, just like up scaling everything shot. Originally, that original footage is like. You can bump that up to 4k the informations they're, not okay, that's what Dan saying! Oh! If it's on film yeah yeah, if you still have the original film masters, because it's a photograph yeah yeah I mean film, is actually higher than 4k, oh wow. So you can see all these bozos walking around with tons of makeup on their face, and you see how shitty the details of everything is kind of interesting like people we're complaining about this dark Game of Thrones episode in ela I think had a really good theory about that. Is that often times when you see an video things are super blurry or shaky or dark they're trying to hide details, yep yeah I think so it probably just doesn't look that good. So that's why there's no light it's because they're hiding the details. Yeah, although you have to consider, was if it's not seeing anything better than saying shitty I, don't know I, guess they decided it was regardless. I am very excited to get started today, but before we do, I have some topical things that are fresh memes, that I've have not fallen. Income by the way is drama season over yeah it's over. That's what we're doing, though drinking coffee again right and I went to dr. coffee he's right out. I like threw my webkinz out. It was a good run, though wasn't it. It was like a really good run. Man for real I was getting I was becoming like an anxious person. There was just so much drama in the air every day like projared, James, Charles, jeffree, star, faze clan. It was like boom boom boom. What's next baby, it's beautiful mmm and then when it was over, I opened Twitter and it was just like Trump. Okay, close Trump Trump said that the Holocaust didn't happen out back to the back to the normal news. Trump there's a great Trump news. Now I, don't like talking about politics, but this one is pretty good how he covered. He had the Schuyler's cover the there's, a battleship called the John McCain and he had the sailors cover it with a tarp because he was where was it in Japan? He was visiting Japan to be fair, I, think the story isn't that he did it. It's that his staffers are so afraid of, triggering him that they did it for him. I, don't think he came from the White House though I don't know, I mean I have a hard time, believing that his staff would just preemptively be like we got a cover. The Germany when they imagine working I mean what the hell you got. You already made the battleship in honor of this man and his family his legacy. His grandfather apparently was a Admiral that it's named after and you get a cup you're gonna cover these great Americans with a [ __ ] tarp, because this man's too sensitive is these name. I mean how bright this is. This is new levels of insanity. You know thank you. We haven't yet introduced that meme, so yeah brushed it's fallen, but it's fresh so anyway, I don't wanna get into all that. But you know oh there's another thing of Donald, Trump, I, really I, don't want to go down this rabbit hole. This is just funny stuff, I'm, not talking politics, but Trump. Trump pants was so good. Where was that it was like Memorial, Day Trump or what was the recent holiday? You guys, yeah Memorial. Are you talking about his pan? How covered his whole shoe picture? I miss it. Yeah I think this is it but it's super low quality, but his pants covers this whole fricking shoes and you're. The freakin president. You have like a tailor in the damn. White House probably covers his actual entire show. It's wild man. It's almost like when you see crazy designer stuff right. That could be on the runway. Oh definitely not high fashion. His wife was a model, so maybe she's you know pushing in that direction. A little vitamins, man, that's awesome. Yeah Betty ms.fer definitely charged three thousand dollars for this. Damn cool all right enough, Trump business! What's ready, he just screamed. Yeah he's! Okay, oh he's just trying to get him you're such a drama queen. So our favorite preacher. We talked about this guy. Previously he bought a airplane for himself, a jet. It's like I'm, not just a airplane. It's like a luxury, the private jet stream yeah. It's like a 60 million dollar jet. He called he says: I, don't fly coach because it's a tube full of demons. You refer to coach people as the little demons in a tube. So that's why he needed a luxury I'm with him on that, oh boy, so he was recently ambushed by Inside Edition. They caught him out and his Escalade outside what looks like his winger his plane. I, don't know what the hell it is, but here they go. They get him good and it's it's it's a fascinating look. How are you, sir, we just like to ask you about why you don't want to fly commercial? Why have you said that you won't fly commercial? You said that it's like getting into a tube with a bunch of demons. Listen to me just sing, not the people- and this creeps me out his eyes in his gaze cause he's got like a demonic gaze right. I, don't have to stop 65% of what I'm doing you think it hears mouths. Why is your mouth? How much money did you pay for Tyler, Perry's, Gulfstream jet, for example? Well, for example, that's really none of your business, but the business of your donors. This is so sharp I paid, so kind of caught me off guard here. Oh so it's a long vid, so I've time-stamped, some of my favorite moments for your enjoyment, but there's something so unsettling about this man's demeanor and face and, and he started creep creep here he responds to again getting to uh calling coach passengers demons back to the comment. You said that you don't like to fly commercial because you don't want to get into a tube with a bunch of demons. Do you really believe that human beings are demons? Oh do not, and don't you ever say, I did well or what we wrestle. Not wise I, don't like people that go from wrath to smiling that quick are not angelic, no evoke a movie. Only in a movie I've seen it he's literally a villain he's literally a Batman villain. He looks like Charles Manson there you have it. We wrestled. Not he does this throughout the video. He just got this whole thing. I, don't know why people buy, but he goes. He does what this has said. We wrestle not with demons. We wrestle not with other dudes that are that's gay. He's anti-gay missa politician powers. Can you explain what you mirror and don't you ever say I did his eyes are sore not with flesh and blood but principalities and powers. Sorry, can you explain what you got a response? Just just explain because it's really simple, you said we didn't want to get into a tube with a bunch of demons. What did you mean? Well, let me ask you: do you think that people that fly commercial or demons give me a chance to talk to eat heart I'll, explain, there's nothing but its meaning. A calling old girl sweetheart like that also bro, hey. You know this is a 12-minute clip and he's standing on the step of his Escalade the whole time. I think he likes the vantage point yeah. We wrestle not with other dudes penises. Why our choir? Why are Christians so offended by gay dudes? You know, let's not go there, I, just don't get it like not just well. Religious people in general are just not down with dudes sucking dick, like that in general is one of the worst things that could ever imagine as a dude with his dick in a mouth. Does it really bobble? There's a lot of things, though you don't I mean like it says: don't eat don't eat pork. It says also is the gay thing in the Old Testament because they don't really care about that one. You know also. They say this guy says in this video. Everything is possible through Christ, sucking man's dick as possible through Christ. Yet a little thing, it's a spiritual thing. It doesn't have anything to do with people, people, I, love, people, Jesus, loves people, I eat people, people, I, love people in alcohol. Do you think that's a good place for a preacher to be and prepare to go preach to a lot of people. When somebody in there is dragging some woman down an aisle. It made me so mad to see that on television I wanted to punch the guy out myself. [Music] yeah he's talking about in he's talking about like this United [ __ ], but he wanted to punch the guy out himself. That doesn't happen every flight. No, you saw it on television yeah, you weren't. Even there can you imagine me a preacher being around people drinking and a tube with David's. So you just don't like to be around the sinful people or the the hurtful people is that what you're saying to people baby baby he's struggling? We continue on. He asks her. Yes, she asked. Do you use your private jet for to lit to visit your luxury homes because he says well, I need the jet to you know doom. Do my work mm-hmm and so she asks do you ever use your private jets to go visit your vacation home, for example? Yes, okay, again getting back to the comment, you said that you don't like to fly commercial because you don't want to get into a tube with a bunch of demons. Do you really believe that human beings are demons? No I, do not oh and don't ever say, I did yeah I want to get that and then finally, we've got. Should preachers live a life of luxury? So the final question she keeps it really aggressive, but in there really like non aggressive way, she's, strong and confident and persistent, but she doesn't come off as like I'm your enemy and like right, because sometimes they, when you come off like that, the other person will just shut down and not even engage with you, but he is engaging somehow she avoids like condescending or she's just asked him. You know, I just want to know about the to the demon with the tubes are standing then about what you do and prosperity preaching. So the final question is this: to those critics that say that a preacher should not be living a life of luxury. What is your response to that? They're wrong? Oh yeah, baby, just like Jesus thought that it's a misunderstanding. Listen to his justification, Bible that if you go into the Old Covenant, it's like two didn't have you thought about this more I think the Jewish is like making it up on the spot, broke I love! You saying that Jewish people appreciate money more than they believe in wealth. People would find that offensive. Doesn't everyone want to be rich I, don't understand this Jewish serious, the Bible says: Jews are [ __ ], greedy, grubby uh, you know God and trustworthy racks covenant with God. Not it's not the Jewish blessing. It's the Abrahamic blessing how'd I get excited talking about it because I loved it and I started out deep in debt with Nana's physical, which is nosed or the night. Anyway, he is the night. You say that it's biblical and that that there's a foundation in the Bible for that and he closed it with this I I had to learn this, like I, said from the Bible and from my spiritual mentor, Oral Roberts and I learned it from him working with him and then we became he was close friends until he died and- and he took the same heat for brief heed God would prosper. You that I've taken over the years and Abraham was very, very wealthy man, Galatians chapter 3. If you belong to Christ, then are you Abraham's seed and heirs according and he promised was great wealth. The Bible also says that it's more difficult for a rich man to get into heaven than it is for a camel to get through the eye of a needle, correct rest of the scripture, but he said all things are possible with God sound like that that that's his that's his trump card. He also said so again he's like yes, he said this, but I can I can do it. What's like an Magic, the Gathering Dan, when you do like a card that reverses or counterspell yeah, he does the counterspell. But that's what I'm saying like you can say that you know. Homosexuality is a sin, but you can counter spell it with L. Things are possible through God. You know counterspell [, __ ]. We got to grab that sound, but the scripture, but he said all things are possible with God. All things are possible with God I wish. You would have followed up okay preacher, so does that mean that you can suck a dick right now? Would you like to prove that's possible? I have a penis? Would you like to suck it? All things are possible through God he's I got him and [ __ ]. He said if you studied the Greek behind that it's trusting in well I've seen enough of this white walking creep. Lance Stewart music, video number one on trending I, know: YouTube's are making an effort to put creators more on the trending page, but I think we can all safely say. This is not what we met. Okay and like there was like be love, MOOC, bang. That was just so probably one of our worst videos to even her friends didn't like it, and the funny thing is like they're putting creators on and but they're still not putting the people on that like actually should be there like, be loves. Video had like 300,000 views, everyone was saying: why is this number-one trending? This is so weird. Let me pull it up. First, let's start with B love life. The trash is, is possible yeah. Let me pull it up. Literally, it has a ton of dislikes just from people being like. Why is this on training, and it was there for well she's made a lot of content here. It is, let me just skip to the middle. It's a 30 minute, video. Let me just get a minute here. They go. This was number one here ending. This is what YouTube is broadcasting to the world. This is it guys. Can you imagine, opening YouTube and going number one trending and seeing of this and like on the first minute she has sauce on her face and they just don't wipe it part of the deal. So this video started with like hundred thousand is no cuts. No editing yeah girl, like is this, the lowest evolution of man. You know what I mean we're broadcasting this to a million and a half well beloved. Actually one of the biggest in the game is almost 2 million people are in the saw here starts yeah. You could see the sauce on her face like who doesn't wipe their flight and a fridge. Why are you drinking from a Red Solo Cup? Oh, did she die for a napkin? No she's, not you know, there's like a ton of [ __ ], coming down your chin right, they're, not even trying like yeah I can't. So this was number one trending for like two days and then at the same time, Lance Stewart was number one trending with this for like a full two days and so they're really missing. The point. I mean it's okay to trend these guys, but you still don't see the creators that we were talking about who are like feed. You know. Somehow these guys are okay, though laughs baby, Lance, Stewart y'all, know Lance Stewart recently broke up with his girlfriend. We've discussed this on the shows tragic hit me with that Zach. It's not easy. [Music] see your silhouette inside my king-size [Music] number one trending baby I, don't understand I'm, not gonna break. He had me started with the court. There's no fun do dig you're halfway through the song. There's no verse. In truth, there's still no verse. Okay! No here we go first, otherwise yeah the rap shirts. Without food [, __ ]. No, he doesn't like to hurt [Music] [Music] yeah. You got to turn that up Zack. It's too quiet hit him with it. [Music] yeah Paul was upset that it copied the totally Rams angle, dude Jake Paul made a corny dumbass song. That literally sounded the same as this that I'm single Lance Stewart comes over the top with I'm lost yeah [Music] [Applause]. He literally has one verse there's only one bird man, Lance is crazy. Lance has been up to all kinds of shanigan. Lately too, like he's been doing a video where he creeps in bed. What's his uh creeps in bed with his dad where's that one yeah? Oh maybe he erased it because I don't he does a video where he goes in bed. Uh, I love, you grandma, oh my god. She what the [ __ ] is this. He does more. He creeps in bed with his dad when he's sleeping in cuddles and pretends to be his mom and rubs his boner on his dad's ass. It's like super inappropriate and then he did it to his grandma. Wait, move it I, don't see it going down the bradbury he's found it. Oh, is this on his channel or a discord? Wait is this? Was this a real? Yes, II know Lance Stewart Oh, what the hell April 19, so he's got a chub right now and he's putting in his dad's ass crack and finally, before we bring the guys out, I want to say a happy Memorial Day to our troops from pitbull who made this tweet. Today we remembered those who made the ultimate sacrifice for America pitbull with a picture of his face. It's almost like he's saying he died sacrificing for America. What the! What were you thinking, man? Why would you honor the troops and tweet your face? Damn it is from 2000 something right: 17, yes, 17! No, this is immortal just to rest in peace, pitbull died serving our country on the USS McCain mr. right there, mr. worldwide god bless his soul. Man we'll miss his music, but his heart wait like that. Come to happen like dizzy request that Photoshop from one of his assistants or that's such a great question nila or he has such genius assistant that they made it for it. I think they probably made it for him. Here's a memorial date wait for you, that's a tough question, but I also feel like pitbull was, like you know: I really want to honor the troops this year. Just put some like American flag in me and I really want to honor the troops this year. So there you have it rest in peace, pitbull mr. worldwide lost, but not forgotten a war hero guys it's time for a break. But when we come back we're bringing the boys out bring in out we're bringing a Dan out there. No memes left behind we've got a ton ton ton of stuff here do not go away. We shall return shortly. It's dinnertime, your stomach is rumbling, but you don't know what you're gonna eat tonight. Does that sound familiar ela? Yes, all too familiar, but with door -, you don't need to get up from the couch. You don't have to worry about what you're gonna eat you don't this stop at the grocery store, because you're, tired and you deserve a nice hot meal delivered to your dang door. That's what staying in freakin door! - is all about door. - connects to your favorite restaurant in your city. Ordering is easy. You just use the door - app, you choose what you want to eat and that Dasher will bring it to you anywhere. You are not only is that burger place. You love on door - already, but over three hundred and ten thousand other amazing restaurants are - door. - connects you with door to door delivery in over 3,300 cities, all 50 states and canada I'm amazed at the breadth that of restaurants that are on the door -, because you can pretty much find whatever you're. Looking for on this app, you can order from your local go to or choose from your favorite chains like Chipotle, Wendy's chick-fil-a and the Cheesecake Factory boy. Don't worry about dinner! Let dinner come to you with door, - and listen to this. This is a great offer right now our listeners can get five dollars off the first order of $15 or more that's just a free five dollars to your favorite restaurant guys with the door - app, download the door - app and enter promo code h3. So that's five dollars off your first order when you download the door - app from the App Store enter promo code h3 again, that's the promo code h3 for five dollars off your first order from door. -, there's something bold and beautiful about how a custom-made suit fits a man's body. He looks like an Adonis before if you get it off the rack, you look like a doofus banker, a banker. Yes, every man looks and feels more confidently who puts on a custom-made suit. Endo Chino is the world's most exciting made to measure men's wear company they make suits and shirts to your exact measurements for an unparalleled, fit and comfort. Here's how it works. You visit one of their showrooms. They have over 40 in North America and have them take your measurements personally or you can measure at home yourself and shop online at endo, Chino comm! You choose your fabric inside and out. You choose your design customization! You submit your measurements with your choices and you kick back while your suit gets professionally tailored and mailed to you in a couple of weeks this week my listeners can get any premium. Indo Chino suit for just 379th region, $79 at Indo, Chino comm, when entering h3 podcasts out check out. That is a ridiculous deal for a custom-made suit. These things lost your life time. You look sharp you look beautiful! You are gonna, get your dick soaking wet right! Eula, that's 50% off the regular price of a made-to-measure premium suit, plus guys the shipping is free. That's Indo, Chino dot-com, promo code, h3 podcast for any premium suit for just three hundred and seventy one dollars and free shipping incredible deal for premium made-to-measure suit. Once you go custom, you don't go back, that's Indo, Chino I and do CH I and O calm use promo code, h3 podcast! You know those times when every day feels the same, like you're, on autopilot, how you're so caught up in your routine, that you forget to take care of yourself while Dollar Shave Club makes it easy to take care of yourself even when you're critically depressed their quality products. Help me look for you and smell my best. I get everything I need from Dollar Shave Club. Without going to the store. I've been a dollar club shaved member for years, they've graciously supported our channel and provided me with this meaty beautiful razor that is second to none. I do not get razor burns from this. It's meaty, it's beefy! It's hot I love this! It's one of the best! Do it it weighs like a freaking pound. You can feel you could use as a weapon even as a murder weapon. Potentially, if you want, if you were so inclined, also don't even get me started on their shave, but oh dude they've got the shave butter that you lather your face up before you shave, and let me tell you it is like butter. It is butter. They've got a face wash that just leaves your face, feeling so clean and beautiful. Afterwards, it's ridiculous. It's the Dollar, Shave Club experience baby they're, not just razors. They got it all body, while shampoo toothpaste, you name it they've got it. Dollar, Shave Club, I spent years developing crafting refining their products, there's so much better than anything. I've ever used before and they're sent right to your door. So they even though you're depressed- and you don't want to leave your house- you could still keep it clean and keep it together with Dollar, Shave, Club and right now you can get a Dollar Shave, Club starter set for just $5. It comes with everything you need for a great shave, the executive razor the shave butter, the face, cleanser you're, gonna, love it as much as I do get your starter set for just $5 at dollarshaveclub.com, slash, HP, that's dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3! We are back with the gang here with Dan the producer. Here we are within the intern forever, the intern. How are you guys feeling today doing well I'm good for the behavior I'm, blessed feeling blessed plus um Ian your birthday's tomorrow? Yes, congratulations! The big 53 is. It is a big one over and out what scary, 25 25 to do the mental math. How do you feel about the being a quarter of a century old, yeah I get up something happens at 25 right, you can run a car. Currently, oh, you can get the real car. You can rent a car already, but you get a greatly reduced rate. Now that that's that's good, that's huge you're gonna start waking up more frequently in the evening to pee mm-hmm. Have you noticed that happening down? Oh yeah, so that's gonna be something I. Wake up a lot! Dude I'm gonna be so [ __ ] on I'm, 70, I, fantasized, I, don't know if I've talked about this on air, but I've often fantasized through my life of a hole through the bed. That's suck. This has a vacuum that you put your dick in the hole and then it goes directly to plumbing. So you can just roll over here in your bed and pee, and your dad built-in catheter, basically yeah yeah, it's yeah, but you just put your dick in it. Okay I'll hold, there's no needle. No, no! We should probably cut this out cuz. We don't want someone to take the idea. That's a really good I'm! Not doing I want someone to take that. You know I, don't wanna! It's not I! Don't you know run with the baby. I'll podcast a few. If you invent that, what about in the car would not be a good idea in the car just stopped the car Zak, what the hell yeah not animals come on. Zach we're, not animals, no I'm kidding! That's okay idea, I feel like people are more equipped for that Oh in honor of your birthday. By the way Zach we did get you a present exact in in honor of your birthday. We got you I didn't want you to think we forgot. We got you a Sharky's gift. You guys may remember the fiasco, [ __ ] gift card. We got you a hundred dollars on a lot of salmon burritos right. There, since I spent the last one I've never gone back. So thank you for bringing me back to that place bring a date. You know yeah yeah salmon burritos all around treater. How was your love life going by the way masks? You know, let's talk about, how are you doing Dan? Let's talk about your love life? That's not Dan! How's, your love life going! It's all right! It's all right! Yeah, you [, __ ], our Asian, know I, don't know, but you do do you get around and ring a little? How would you go on a date? What like? How many days are we talking before you sleep with her or like like? What's your policy, you can you have one, it's gonna sound bad, but it's fine, we're grown-ups, there's really! No there's no restriction! Yeah, there's! No restriction. I wouldn't have a striction. So first date, let's say on average ii ii ii ii is usually that's. Respectful I mean in this state the day and age of tinder, yeah Jesus anything is possible and and what's the okay good for you good, and how many are we up to these days? I'd rather not say, I'll skip that one I think Dan is somewhere that I think he's doing well. Dan is a coke up close to 20 I would guess 20 just like a grand total lifetime, yeah yeah there you have it it's not bad, and in someone that's watching that you're afraid of like what do you? What are you anxious about or who is it that you don't want to hear? No, not bad, though my mom does watch a lot. Are you? Are you currently seeing someone that you don't do you think I'm not I'm not like dating, but there's someone that you are currently interested in yeah and is she a fan of the show? So is that why we're being more delicate around the issue? There's some memes that I think they left behind. We got go rescue and it's not your show. You don't get to control the page. All right, I see it's a sensitive issue: yeah yeah! It's liberating yeah I, don't care my parents what you just got to get over it! You know my mom doesn't watch too much my dad pops in occasionally, though you can't let that get in your head, I mean Oriole yeah, like I ela. You have this problem with. We film h3 videos. Every time we just sit down, the record you go all I'm thinking about is what my parents would yeah yeah I mean, for example, I'll just say: I have a tiny penis that barely works, the pubes are longer than the penis itself, Wow. So immature turn. You have that ready, locked and loaded all right. Can't you can't you can't force a man to - yeah I'm, not asking for your dick size. I do I would like to know more about your sex life, but another time do you date, girls, that vape Danah? Would you ever yeah? No, that's I put that in my profile, if you, if you ain't vaping well, because you you do vape a lot so I wonder, do girls mind that you vape ever I I, don't like lie about it, but I. Definitely don't put that it's not out front right! It's not hard! It's not the sexiest habit. Sure I mean it's better than smoking, it is better than smoking. So when you, when you go on a first date, do you vape? Do you bring your vapor? Do you leave it at home? I'll leave it in the car. You know. That's good use a little bit more tact, yeah I mean truth, be told. If, if I could quit everything tomorrow, I would. But you know it's. It's I started it as a crutch to quit. Smoking which was successful, haven't had a cigarette in a long time, but yeah like you know, if I could just not do anything that that would obviously be preferable. Well, you know: I did watch a documentary like a big BBC documentary about vaping and they did all kinds of tests like on lungs and elevated, like carcinogens, in the blood and all this and vaping was way less harmful than smoking. They found ya know that doesn't surprise me at all, I mean unless you know, 20 years from now, we find out that there's like long long-term damage happening I mean the the immediate benefits are apparent to anybody that does it I mean I. My lung capacity is 20 times what it was when I spoke cigarettes, so just that alone, being able to go upstairs without being out of breath is nice. That's very wonderful. Leave that at home, though I guess when you're on the the first day. At what point do you whip out the baby and just be like baby I gotta? Tell you something right after the sex yeah? Okay in you go I, guess you don't really have anything to add I've, never vaped! Ever we don't even tried it! No! Well, let's get you addicted. Hi dude, let's go you've never spent your generation is way more cool with it, they're all like Julie and [ __ ] I'm, like I'm secondhand, vaping, next to damn all smoke. Well with that being said, let's go ahead with no memes left behind. We've got a lot to get to so let's just get started, let's get right into it! Now I'll go first Eva. We are continuing the bad tattoos. Ela has put forth a theory that there's no worse tattoo on this planet than Ben Affleck's back tattoo. Do you want to briefly kind of explain your thesis on that? Basically, what you need to know is that we take into consideration the full package of him being Ben Affleck right. You got it I think in his 40s. You had to lie about it for us, because he was so ashamed of it. He said he got it for a movie and then a year later they who was photographed with it yeah. Those are the main factors now I. Think it's a female thing, because, although I agree, it's corny, as hell I mean I could admire the artistry of the tattoo itself, but we had other females in the office and they unanimously agreed that there was that this was truly a terror. I mean they're like they've, reacted stronger to it, then the guys than the guys yeah 100. But with that being said, we've been on a mission out to find a tattoo that is worse in the eyes of Elah. That is worse than Ivo. Before we began. Actually, chris d'elia is on record defending Ben Affleck I, just remembered what happened was [ __, ] Ben Affleck's back tattoo. You saw that dude, okay, look, I, actually I, like Ben, Affleck, I, think he's in cool movies, I, [, __, ], I. Think he's good he's a good director, I I, [, __ ] liked him as Batman I, know, I think that's the unpopular opinion, but I thought he was holy. [ __ ] as Batman. He lives there he's [ __ ] got cool grey hairs, that's how I say is great as bad who's Wayne should be. You just never go [ __ ] yourself and that back tattoo look who gives a [ __ ]. If a back tattoo is what someone else likes you gotta like it. Fine can't see the funniest [ __. ], though, was they were making fun of it, and he said no, it's just for a movie yeah and then years later they got a picture with him with the tattoo on I, don't quite get. What is that part on the bottom under the wing? That's not attached to the Phoenix, the feather falling. The weird like yeah I, think it's a tail yeah. What is that? Why not canary? It's not very oh there's, wood bricks. In it yeah, that is weird. It's a detail which means residence ID identifies with that. It was just over at school. The fact that it dude I, don't understand this. Do you know the story of the Phoenix suit? It's a bird that burns itself, it burns itself dies and from its ashes is reborn again, so it lives forever through this cycle of dying and being born again from its own ashes. Like Ben Affleck mm-hmm like the Netflix career tattoo sucks to me, there you go, you like go I, go I, go in your face. There, I close the distance and I say this back tattoo is the [ __ ] [, __, ] dude? Guess what I happen to think that back tattoo I happen to think I. Don't I I think it's ugly, okay opinion. If, if Ben Affleck came out with a video that said hey, you know, [ __ ] about my back tattoo I know a lot of you guys, don't like a back tattoo, but I just got one thing to say to you guys: I agree with the message you do yeah. Well, that's what made it worse for sure that he had to lie, but at the time you put this whole thing over you back by the way. That's like a hundred hours under the needle right I mean that's! That's when just a lie. That's so easily disproven! It's like oh yeah! It's just temporary, never be she's like yeah. You just never show you back everything at that point. Well, so, at any rate, let's continue. That's the backstory ELA. Are you ready? That is the back story. Thank you. So some of these are too explicit to show so I kind of need to show yes, I, don't know how to do this. Oh god, this myself, [ __, ] I, can't show that right. I can tell you. I could show this one. It shows it dude it's armpit now. Is this meant to be a joke, or does he want people [ __ ], his armpit, you know I mean cuz if that guy goes to first I feel like people will put their dick in his armpit. I. Didn't even think about that. So maybe he wants you to actually put his dick there Don Sela, it's definitely awful, but the delineation their eyes when they're trying to be funny, you think it's not as bad right. It's I do I think it makes a big difference, but this one is you - rancid, almost the size of the tattoo of Ben Affleck, it's the size of the difference, and so but I think that only goes so far, though, like this guy's undateable forever, like any self-respecting yeah, but in prison, very popular yeah backing it up for this guy he's got a tattoo on the back of his head he's on a cure point. So this is the person behind him in us to stare that face on the back of his head. That is basically shocked to see that is committed to the haircut -, because why why why why [ __ ] hilarious? But why would you commit your whole life to like owning that I wonder if it just does it for the plane ride to [ __ ] with the person, but you know even has like it looks like hair on the forehead creases I. Don't know if that's just the tattoo or oh, that's a good point: yeah crazy [Laughter]. This guy got a bunch of emojis on his arm. That is what was bad. Apparently he has the shirt on, but he actually has dedicate himself to getting every emoji so like under the eye. It's just all the emojis that exist while they're adding emojis. So this guy's in trouble- and this guy I mean this guy's got to be a little bit of a contender. Cuz he's a basketball player he's not his famous Ben Affleck, but it's not this like I agree, but it's not as bad fair enough, but what's he gonna do like they changed the squirt gun or they change the real gun to the scorpion. Does that mean he gets his tattoo removed? I get it removed laser edit? It yeah I'm, really careful, because this guy just got a huge monster on his back. That's, oh, that's! Rob! Right! Yeah, that's Rob! No! This is the ridiculous that worse Wow yeah. He loves monster baby. We own the company, no absolutely not not own, but he must have some sort of brand deal. He's a rich [, __ ] guy I mean how much can you pay? A guy is already rich to get a huge tattoo of monster. On his back, I mean that guy's, a family, [ __ ] he's got a walk around. What's off, presumably takes his shirt off. You know at the pool and at the beach and stuff like that sure. So how does this compare to Ben's? It might be worse, I think that's! What's up there huh yeah there, you have it Rob I, don't like Rob dear I, don't like that I don't like ridiculousness, he might be a fine guy, but Rob. A big was a fun show back in yeah I mean that was [ __ ] 15 years ago now and I used to watch Fantasy Factory that show he had where he just messed around in that warehouse. Downtown dude, oh yeah, so here you go here, you have it I think we have a winner and he's even celebrating in the photo so either here you have ladies love: it overs upper lip wow. This guy's like this is the only way I'm getting that is hot I. Just got to advertise it ladies love it and he could cut what if he grows his moustache, then he's you can cover that yeah. You can affect it. This guy got I mean it's not bad. Yeah I mean it is, but I mean compared to this. So there's one I'm really being careful here. I think that one might be the the really bad ones that I think you're talking about at the very bottom ones. Just a dog, this one's I think my problem is that the Ben Affleck one just it was my first one, then kind of like it's like your first experience, yeah, it's so iconic for me now yeah here. This is the one. This is the real one that and I don't think. I can show this on screen so grab. Why don't you just come peek behind my shoulder? Yeah, it's it's! So this is a female with a she's, not nude, but she has a baby like Anna. Maybe that's not bad that shocked the hell up. So she's got an anime baby tattooed over a baby Beulah! That's a baby! Come here! Look at the breasts! It's a it's a baby that she's wearing like a diaper when she has oh, it's a baby like an anime baby tattooed over her genitals. So it looks like when you're having sex with her that you're having sex with a baby yeah people want to see this, which I don't know why you would want to it. This was submitted to us on our on our Twitter on the podcast Twitter and we named out a call for these tattoos. So if you want to see what we're talking about go check it out there, she has like the baby, has tattoos and stuff. So it's a hardcore baby yeah. My first reaction was like I mean it's like it's like someone's gonna, be into it. It's a style that someone's gonna be into somebody dude I! Don't you when you have sex with her you're having sex with a child? I? Guess it yeah! That part makes it super weird. You surprised me I, don't know. I find the monster. Think he's been deeper, drag it down! I gotta! Let me sleep on it: yeah I can't I think they could cheer their backgrounds yeah yeah. The fact that they're, both celebs Ben Affleck, though, was like it's worse because Ben Affleck's, like a leading man, yeah heartthrobs, so good and Rob, is like a doofus, and you do have that factor of Ben being ashamed of his and Rob, clearly being very proud of his so I mean that. Does that give us a couple of Ben, yeah, well Robbie, second, clear, second, throw over the baby over the genitals, yeah I! Think so Wow, because it's not just a baby I, don't know it's like an anime character and that your thoughts on that armpit vagina, the baby's worse than our paper, China I, mean I, don't know. I figured getting in my head. I think I have to say that the baby's worse just rank you've got four you've got the baby. Vagina I got the armpit, vagina, you've got Rob and you got been so place those and we had the place. Those five well I'm doing. Celebrities first go ahead, so Ben um, hey you gotta, go down actually, second over Rob yeah and then and then between the between the baby vagina, the armpit vagina, and then there was also the goat hole. What was that the cow whole cow hole yeah that one's a fan-favorite it keeps getting used to minute to me by different people. I, don't think the cow hole is up there. You found that funny bad guys, probably a legend yeah well compared to like I, think you Ethan would probably like to hang out with that guy I, don't here's the tattoo in question! So cavernous! That's what I don't know gaping good, that's so nasty I don't want to hang up and the end they're like big utters are like trippin cow was rotting off of the couch yeah cuz. This cow has been used, sexually yeah I. Think that's what it's implying, yeah and I think also was he playing that he wants someone to put his deck and his belly button all right. Let's move it off! Thank you Elam. We did. We did pretty good that time better than the last round. Yeah yeah, that was some compelling stuff yeah. We had some contenders at least now, so why do you guys thing about the armpit versus damn the baby ones? I find the fatality anything both were like I mean I. Imagine putting that over your genitals yeah the baby was it's look like a baby right away to me. Okay, even still I mean it's just unfathomable, like how [ __ ] up in the head. You have to be getting that tattooed seriously yeah. It wasn't a baby like just anything there, you're like having sex and there's like a thing. That's right, yeah in that in place of that. That's just weird yeah, but also it's a baby yeah one of the worst I want to see. Why got Yakuza like badass baby, though yeah so so she likes it. I would like to see just a garbage can around someone's vagina hi, it's probably out there doing. This segment has taught me that there's a it exists all right. This next segment is directed towards you and does your the Kim Kardashian Kanye expert? They need to start paying me for all this PR I'm. Doing that is true, I'm for that and I'm totally for that Kim Kardashian tweeted this out and I was like was holy. Unhinge man, Kim Kardashian tweeted. She said: hey jack-in-the-box I have a serious complaint, but I won't fully put you on blast, check your corporate email inbox or send me a DM with direct person for my team to contact pronto. That's some straight-up like angry white, mom, [, __, ] yeah, that's like that's like Kardashian mafia will be at your door. Jack I, don't know, but I I need to know what happened. What everyone needs to know, what happens? I can't I can't imagine it's just like oh yeah, I ordered a certain burger and I got the wrong. You know wrong serious. Yes, this complaint I'm, so some went down like I, have a feeling. It's not that serious serious could have been a jacket, long, that serious go to the police, not Twitter, right. If she's going to Twitter about it. It's like the wrong sauce, yeah I. Think too much ketchup go to Twitter. Maybe they deemed her and then she just replied with a picture of like in-and-out. Burger was like this is why you had your old [, __ ] yeah your place, sucks it's low on the tier list. Does anyone say pronto yeah I was gonna say the pronto is what pushed it over the top so entitled yeah like. Why did what do you think about I mean she seems like a psycho entitled crazy person to me calling out jack in the box with the pronto Ian like I, said: I gotta know what happened. I need the facts. Yeah I need the info. So if her fries were like overcooked, if it's something, if it's unrelated to food I think that's a little overdramatic, but maybe if an employee, like you know, I grabbed or hot [, __ ] or something who God knows what you know. So if that happened, that's okay, maybe actually, if like uh, if, if like an employee, grabbed her ass, but why you gonna blame jack-in-the-box, just call the police yeah cuz it. You can't hold the perpetrator, corporate responsible for but I guess not great. Okay, then just like if she was like someone verbally said something to her like an employee. I think you got to move on with your life. You don't have we corporate, probably like she got to feel so powerful that she can get corporate to like put this guy in their burgers. You know yeah, but there you have it. So this is saying. I won't put you on blast, so it means that, like it's something about the company right, cuz I think what I think being vague is almost worse, though right it lets people assume the worst yeah. You know it gives people like Ian here, wiggle room stand out. We don't have the fact, so this started an avalanche of activity. All these fast-food Twitter accounts would are so edgy and hilarious got in on it who are I. Have a theory is run by the same person. This is so cringy I'm, just not down I. Think everyone needs to stop engaging. Why he's fast food I, [, __, ] hate this yeah I really do. This is the worst. Let's see shake check with the eyes Burger King, with jack-in-the-box to the principal's office, Gotham Carl's jr., with Psalm 520 they'll teach AK in the Box steak, um bro. What is your, what even is your name steak um. Is that steak? Is that really stake him? Why are you going to jack-in-the-box Lowell wow? That was not the most clever response. Hooters is even on this, your hooters, you are hooters, you hire waitresses with big boobs and your name is Hooters like not a good day to be jack. It's never a good day to be Hooters. Your hooter there's nothing going on about that place. I would rather [ __ ] cut my dick off than step foot in Hooters Wendy's, but like who even goes there shut up dude. When is the sassiest I've noticed they're very sassy over Wendy, they kinda I, don't know if they invented it, but they're the first pretty much yeah those guys and pizza shake my head. Definitely not the move. Burgerfi we're here for you, dude you're, not gonna, try be fun, oh god, I know so. Lots of activity here I have a theory that it's just one dude running all these you know I haven't food I've it there he's like some four year old, dude who's, trying to act like a 13 year old. You know I read a the Wendy's person didn't AMA. You can find oh yeah, a younger female who was doing it no way kind of at the beginning, and then they they're, like [ __ ]. You need to go yeah in the name Buckcherry. Now it's like a team jacket and then I found out Jack in the Box to the Lele palms to commercial and I mean this is really high production. They tweeted it out. It only has 200 likes mm-hmm, so this was kind of like oh I'm gonna make my chicken bigger tastier. The best are you kidding me. I was literally born for this you're born into a a jack-in-the-box commercial. So you had me at Ferrari pacifier, try my new spicy chicken straight all white meat, chicken for just $4.99, just $4.99, oh man, I think all of that stucks. Thank you. Yeah! Thank you Dan as 150,000 views. So despite the lack of likes, but uh, are you guys only in the States? Yes, we are. The next response is I'm boycotting you for this and then the next person has a picture of they said. I got the 5 piece and I. Don't know why I bother anymore, it included a picture of the saddest-looking nuggets I've ever seen in my second hive box oasis, they suck again much worse. What do we when we rated were they down? The bottom? Was that like a I put it there F yeah from now, that's right: yeah they're awful people eat Jacqueline box tacos are creeps yeah. Maybe that was Kim's complaint she saw this ad was like this has got to go, lay off here and then and then kind of going down the Kim hole. I found out that Kim Kardashian the Kim hole going down the camel Kim Kardashian. Oh man, it's closed. You know the eBay thing uh-huh, so Kim, it's closed now. I wish way back, but she was selling her used. Clothes on eBay, yeah I. Remember when that was probably on my phone, but that would take so long why uh I think? Well, she links it like some of the purse for for charity, okay, but it was only some lovely people say that too, like how much 10% what it's still a freaking and yeah. You know, let me see if I can find out how I do have a let's see here. I got way back machine. What we got here, but she's selling, a mother I, have a frickin Frick frack, but she's selling, like normal clothes, is like not reasonably priced - yeah. She just trying to make a quick buck selling our used clothing. I mean you said: she's donating it right, not all of it. Oh really, she didn't I, don't remember what the split was a donation on her Instagram and that wasn't a big part of it. I cuz that wasn't something that I noticed. Oh by the way, this podcast every we donate a part of our proceeds charity every year we do a fundraiser, it's all about the charity. Yeah I, don't make money I make a little bit, but it's all for charity right. It was odd. I mean some of this stuff is like a shirt for like 50 bucks. Why is Kim bothering to sell a shirt for 50 bucks? Why no was it all like designer yeah, yeah yeah? She probably gets given designer clothes for free cause, you're looking to make about something yeah hundred million dollars. You don't become a billionaire, you know. Well, I was thinking about buying some underwear and smelling it did you think about that? She was something used. Underwear wow that one was like five thousand, though was she I, don't know, but I was thinking like all these creeps are just getting in sniffing it ya, know I, don't know you sure, I'm sure, okay, you would not sniffer used underwear, nope I have a respect for that couple and that relationship, and would you rate him on a scale of one to ten I, don't find her attractive. What would you rate her on one because well, I was London, Danny and well. I gotta give them first the basis. Okay, I feei was talking to my roommate the other day about this she's gone past, a point of like typical, an attraction because she's like this come on. Sorry, no I'm, just saying the like she's like a kid caricature at this point, and it's not I, don't have any feeling in that way anymore. Not even close. He's not really she's she's, not a human she's, not humanized yeah, something like that. It's kind of yeah one to tenean, mmm. What it looks yeah. Can we do a round robin? Was that mean yeah? What is that? Well, you go. What do you got? Ian, stop give me an answer, one two that I don't know because I just give me a number one to ten I just break down crying. Give me a number all right, I'll, say: I'll, say: seven: okay, that's so disrespectful dude! What the [ __ ] seven said: hi I mean yeah. That's a high rating, well I'm calculating for I'm calculating for well. A lot of people are attracted to her and she's attractive to most sevens. Fine I agree with seven yeah, let's go say six, but yeah he's not a sick she's. A seven. Thank you disagree, although, when I fantasize about having sex with her, it doesn't even work, as my dick is so small I knew I couldn't give it a pass her butt cheeks, but for me I can't like it goes down like. Have you thought about that? Dick just have sex with their cuz, their ass cheeks are like six inches long. Have you thought about that again? I haven't calculated for that one, yes, pretty wild, so weird I know I took screenshots of all that, find it yeah. It's fine, there's really nothing to see yeah so and then finally, going down the Kim hole. This is a some excerpts from her vogue behind the scenes for the Met Gala outfit, which I didn't particularly care for, but there was some moments here that I think I was ready. Mini doughnuts, my favorite doughnuts, ever from New York and I eat a dozen by myself, but they're literally like this big there's there. Many many many, which is I, think that dozen probably equals like one regular donor. Sure I don't want anyone to think that I eat yeah I got so here they are putting her in the corset and stuffing her skin next and the ORS of beauty. We work with the best creatures. You can aren't really used to build the best corset make a little stuff in your skin right. It's like having a whole tingling talking where her nipples I guess. It must be like right, yeah because right in coz, there's not that much face like that's not exposed it's true. So her nips must be right. [, __, ] on the edge right here, whatever you say so look at her waist man, oh Jesus, she can't sit. How crazy is that better than [ __ ] I'm, not on mine? That can't be healthy. Look, the wet look. Could they not think of a better name for it? Okay, the wet like silicone, so take not latex she's like unfortunately. After doing this, I am unable to have children. I don't steal with what I see is exhumed Egyptian pharaoh are a corpse corpse, yeah, that's [, __ ], weird I, can't that shot of her like that disturbed me and I. Think I was not good to do over here yeah. Maybe this I've ever seen a team like this before yeah. Look at her waist like Chris, is like beyond I, don't really like the outfit. Frankly speaking, there I don't really like this collar and everything yeah. Do you, like the outfit I, do you're such a [, __, ], lame-o dude, because I like an outfit? No, because you're riding her dick, you won't. Have you won't? Have a car, honest conversation with me, you dodge every question I gave you I, don't believe you. Let me tell you what I think you know. Let me tell you what I think, but sir I think that you're so afraid of the Kanye community hearing, you say a single bad thing about camera Kanye. Even if you happen to think it we're here to have an open frank conversation about these things and you're too afraid of what the community thinks of you that you're not willing to ever say anything and critical of them in that's. What I think is that it you good yeah, no I I like the design I like the the little droplets it like gives it like this water look I thought that was cool. I haven't seen something like that before I thought it was an interesting look. Such a dick riderhood I would say if it was bad. What do you think about Mannion's outfit? What is that? Well, then, mat gone here. Let me pull it up. Oh, is his security guard. Look can well, he said to Matt go ahead. He said his reasoning for doing that was because I just saw it yeah yeah yeah, so here's jacket dollar stove. Actually he said it was because the very first one that he went to Kim was his plus one. She wasn't even invited, and so it was all about him and then this is this one. She was actually invited, and so he said, I'm gonna be your plus-one and I'm gonna not do it. This is all your night, so I'm just gonna pull back and- and you know let you have the shine. So that's why he dressed like that as a sweet thing for him to have done for his wife. Is it or did he steal the attention by being stolen? Looking like the janitor at the gala yeah? Actually he didn't really steal the attention. I do think it was funny what I did I think they could have a little coordinated better like it did it's a little too, unlike just what is wearing so you don't think. Like the the fake water look, it looks like her. Hair is all kind of wet in the drips. You don't think that it doesn't work for me. Okay I see what they were going forward, that family cuz. Then she has a second outfit of the night where she's all like ice yeah I, didn't see that one Kim Met Gala ice like a frickin extra from frozen on ice. She looks like Cher, it's big cher fan. How was her way still like that one she's not wearing what she's so I think she is. She must be wearing. Of course, I. Don't think. In fact, what I would guess Dan is that this isn't actually transparent, Oh, fake yeah button and she's actually wearing a course. Oh you're, probably right! Oh, you can kind of see where the skin breaks. Yeah, okay, I, explained. Okay, I get your reasoning. Yeah I get your reasoning yeah, fair enough! All right! Let's move it along because it's taking a lot. We've all been going for hour and a half yeah I, wonder how we're gonna get to everything. Do it? Let me just skip. Let me just skip ahead to the see we're all ready. We're leaving memes behind I have a lot of good [ __ ] here. But why is the camera so close this one we must watch. This is from Quentin Tarantino's new film premiered in Cannes, can't hang pants and the fan that everybody liked it. So we got a standing O look at the tradition, they're just standing though, and they do it for like 20 minutes 30. It's like I said notches, weird things like a wondering: why do they literally just stand there in silence? What do you I was it's like a human experiment like a such a parent, but anyway the cameraman goes off the rails and he burns the camera so close to their faces. It's just pure unadulterated, beautiful cringe, she's, just she's like what the hell and he you know, keeps getting closer. They have it your turn now, then, when you think it can't get closer, he continues to step for it. Oh my god, my friend she's, like posing for you, kids, going it's almost like they're, collaborating to make it as uncomfortable as possible, like the audience. Clapping, the cameraman it's so close here we go closer closer closer because the camera manner is the director in his ears like giving him Poona yeah, but he's like an inch away from his face and you can act yo get in frame his whole face to see the full shot of it here, closer baby, closer coward. It's just bizarre all right, let's bring it in Schneider, tighter, tighter yeah. It could be. The directories like tighter, tighter the guys like I'm gonna. That's this Israeli way like with the real yeah closer baby, tighter, tighter, tighter, tighter the directors in his ear, like I, don't think I could clap for that one in my hands your hands with her. It's so 1/2 minute masturbatory. What do you then? That's heard. That is a legend he is as if they got the tattoo on his boat. This is her dad. He looks like a damn Ozzy Osbourne yeah wait, hurt wait. Why does it look like her job? He look like. Why are Tina? Oh, no way, why should try to [ __ ]? Your dad right now am I crazy, or is that literally her dad I've never seen Quentin with this hair, like written all of a sudden who's? That Quinton, though that's Quentin, get a load of that lace. All right that is him huh. Is it a Photoshop I've, never seen him, that's not a photo op, my dudes, that's real! So how old is she yeah she's like 27, I'm, 29 I, don't know something eats up. Oh that's her debt! What's her name, you Danielle a peek Danielle a peek age. Wait daddy! Let me type Israeli, oh she's 35 what city, what in a while since I've, been to Israel sweet yeah whatever feet? Look like what surprised me, let's see if we can find out, let's see, what's your name, daniella peak a feet, do not know why I'm asking that? No, no, you don't know why I'm asking that it seems super weird. No! It's when tarantino famously has a foot fetish. Well, let's see if we can peep her feet, she's walking around barefoot, they're perfect. Of course she is dan. Probably insist: oh she's got a high heels that looked like they're, invisible, no he's so into that. What do you think of Quentin's Jean dad shoe combo I'm into it? You are it's funny, I! Think that, as you go, I thought here. I thought it was fine. Did I'll tell you what I would I would I would jizz on her feet. Yeah. Would you, oh for sure, yeah your toes are a little long for my taste. Really. What would you rate her feet? I think she's not really would not date. Her I'm not kidding. He wouldn't date her. If she didn't so I, don't have like I, don't really understand foot fetish but I mean she's gotten it's one of the weirdest happens, opposite I can't stand fit right ant I. Thank you. I, like that's like one of the more common weird fetishes, though like not like. No, if you can calm somewhat like relatively common compared to a lot of others, mm-hmm and then in the oldest Quentin Quinn Quinn [, __ ], hell, Tarantino, 5760, bro, 56 mm-hmm. So what's that a 20-year age difference that's 11 years! 35 is fine. Holden hosts 30, whatever you know what I mean like songs, you got nice feet, I'm down mmm. He probably has like a prenup with her, where it's like. If anything happens, to her feet right, the marriage is off gosh, the bad kisser. You know, I just don't have time. I got to pass this off. So that's it for me all right, I hope you all enjoyed my segment I contributions here. Yeah we're gonna have to your ear hold these these next ones. We don't get time to for next time. Cuz there should be no memes left behind, but until then hila, let's give a round of all right. So we've got Ethan, Bradberry, Ethan, Bradberry and I. Think I think just us have already watched it like a thousand times. It's honestly such a trend of obsessed. This video only has 7,000 views. I mean the regula. Is the new slammin yeah, the in and I quote it constantly here, the other B then a second, but first I need to introduce these guys in a second I'm, not gonna, be read about if I'm gonna get back to them in a few chairs chase. So this is what we got going on over here. We're on a mission today, we're New, York, City, I'm Brooklyn, to be exact, we're trying to find the Roth of the wrong guys Wonder snail. What that is in a few seconds. I'll show the clips of that all right. It's never really made clear what the Rost of the Rye understand what it is, okay. So what he's talking about is raw coffee bean, so he's looking for he's got because I've been following my Instagram his interest stories and everything he's always showing him blending raw coffee beans, no, not he's on a kick where he doesn't believe in getting like pre-ground or pre-processed. So he puts the raw coffee bean in a blender and then he puts it straight into the coffee machine. So that's why he calls it the Rost of the raw okay, what they call it I think it's a joke amongst himself: I love that Ethan. This video is so not explained, and they have this whole code of talking with each other where they go. They I just act like they're, Italian, mobsters, I, don't know why they're obsessed with that again yeah, but what I've deciphered is that they started doing this Ross of the raw, the raw coffee bean and they call it the regular. So they said what do you want all of the regular, so they call it the regula yeah, so the regula is raw as the ross of the row, which is kind of gives you the the language you need to understand. This was good in slam on them with the regular schmegle on that's what we got going on over here. How do you kid and what are you out of your mind? So it's it doesn't make sense, you get it. What do you mind? I didn't say anything, so we got brewing over here. No, not that intense music I know in adduction. For those of you who don't know me, that is what we're gonna do: I'm gonna roll clips of the regular right here, because that's our mission to find he's gonna roll clips of the regular right here. The problem with this video and Ethan I hit I think I can help. You is that you're, basically making an inside joke with your friends, which is funny but you're, not letting us in on on the joke the context of the joke. So it's funny I mean it's kind of funny. The train wreck, just because you don't know what's happening, but I think he does need to work on setting it up a little bit more right for for it to be shareable, because not everyone is willing to watch it a hundred times like made it. But that's why I'm here, even because we're here to support you and we love you. Maybe that's the appeal. It's like a puzzle. You have to keep going in, and I was gonna, say: I mean it kind of the mystery element. Is it? Is you uncover new information each each? Why we're gonna slam them with the regular? Here? We go here. We go slamming with the regula we go, I got a, they got a mr. coffee, but this is what we got going on over here. Where's, the fifth cup: it's we're gonna walk into a raw shop, the regular we're gonna slam them with it, a couple of them. Well, you didn't want to waste for the guy we're gonna slam them with a regular there. We go a couple wise guys. It's gonna happen. It's like they're, just grunting. It sound like the loss of Raptors. So this is when it gets really good. Once where's the owl intro wait a minute coming the Bradbury owl I, don't know what is ready and now they start doing all this crazy b-roll of the city. Like man, it's just your production. Here we are in a star of the raw shop. It's a rush job [Music]. Have you been good? Let me get the regular size, the you got, the regular regular Megillah. This guy knows he's gonna be killed, possibly right. Okay, his name's Bo or shadows Megillah. We just got regular coffee here, yeah, maybe she might know it's been all the regulars. Megillah, this is what happens when they don't fake pranks yeah. Exactly that's a good point, I think a bribe. Then they really did go. They set this up and they went through the whole thing, but it doesn't make any sense unless you have decoded it. We said anything you feel like I'm about the dinosaur side, while the managers on the fault, the police, this is what he does in the morning. He pours his coffee. I've. Seen him on this. We're gonna do this every morning with the wrong. Oh there was it interesting detail there. If you go back that lady says you know him yeah somebody did recognize the Bradbury meme huh go back to where just a few seconds yeah, that's it I love. This line mo has a breakout line here. Yeah, he kind of steals the show yeah. He does Dennis pick it up on mo, told you to talk to me nicely fish and, and then he asked you know he wants to clean it up. It's not very gangster but and they're like nah dude. Just we'll take care of it, you're good. So again, I think the potential is there, but the regula was not fully realized, no masses back yeah our building is having some contractions we're gonna slam them with the regular grind on the building they're literally on our wall yeah, it's scraping off the drywall yeah, so try to bear with us on that one. There look at try to look at the menu of Ross. Were they in right now, they're in a fast-food restaurant. The employee, meanwhile, is being like what oh [ __ ] he's got a whole language. You get. Bradbury has ascended to the next level, I want to say, like he is totally a sin, so there and again you'll see in his interest stories. He does that every morning where he goes, he takes the glass and he slams it on the table and he goes raw rich. He does this daily yeah on the raw ritual ritual, so he wanted to go to Starbucks and see if they had the rose for the rock didn't, have the Ross right. He was gonna slam him with it. Yeah that's what he did yeah. This is like. We just tried to watch the show and you've read the books, yeah yeah knowledge. Next up is it's been quite a big meme that we for some reason kind of so now would be a good time what full-time extreme fire hazard data from the deeper denser dimensions, and so it is an extreme biohazard to make justifications for parasitism. That's true. She sing there with their daughter. Yes, so we've got a mom and a daughter staying home and raising children. We don't need children if you find yourself pregnant, there's so much. You said if you're pregnant get an abortion like she just does not want babies happening cool yeah, so there's I mean there's a lot to unpack here. Yeah you've got the daughter who's. Channelling who looks like autistic, like she's channeling, the the Archangel Gabriel sure, of course sure that's true, and so it seems like they're on DMT or something jungle and they're. Just like here go to the next one man, the daughter just says that's true: they have a YouTube channel and we'd like a million videos, yeah dude, it's almost like daily posting hi friends. It's good just get the whole concept: six 2016 in the lin life and the Jamie body mind the authorized Souls continued to be only child episode, 710 from the smaller sub it just good, and it's called cool and some cool trees, meaning larger and less I love, I, love that and their minds select. These some trees are [ __ ]. Now this it's kind of like gunfire well, I, guess because a lot of people have been talking about it, so they added to the description. Some frequently asked questions, yeah Daisy. Why does Jamie say? That's true yeah, it's a little bit hard for me to read phone. Do you want me to read it? Are these your opinions, no we're channeling angels and other godly presence? Obviously why does Jamie say that's true. So often the answer in many of these videos. Jamie has the fact-checking job so as her mom's talking, [, __, ], she's, talking to the angels, are going that's true, but I've never heard or once ate. That's full! That's a good boy. I, don't know if I dare read more is a big block. She says: well, let's see where this goes in many of these videos. Jamie is the fact checker, not the primary Channel job. The fact checker is also focusing up into the higher dimension and attempting to discern what the highest vibration voice is saying in any particular moment right. The primary Channel goofs wait oops when the primary Channel goofs the fact she just says something along the lines of hold up that isn't what old Otis often those segments are cut out of the episode. So we aren't misaligning people who just jump in for a few minutes and it's leading leading. Oh that's, probably misaligning too. By the time we could play editing an episode to the best of our awareness. Everything that's in it is true. Here's some episodes, 14! Oh we're right, we're only seeing the true [, __, ], yeah Rost of the raw right here are some episodes where the jamie collective has the role of primary channel. Those are episodes 79928 hundred episodes 919 to 9:20 and, of course it was oder it sees and twelve to ten. She didn't really give her much of a shot. That's only six out of a thousand of a thousand yeah. What are you doing with your arms? Everyone has intuitive channels, but ever the channels are resting upon is where our intuition comes from, because gravity is real. That's true, intuitive channels fall down. Sorry I need the fact check that real, fast intuitive channels fall down. When we don't hold them up. We are repeatedly lifting up our intuitive channels, so they get out of the soup of confusion, fear and untruth that is rampant in human society. Right, that's true! We do this, so the god I'm going. That's true. That is true. You in it yeah I'm, gonna, start doing this. This is my favorite disappointed here, I'm, sorry and this one's, for you is Jamie single. That's the dog! That's not true! No Jamie is uh hold up, that's what you say hold up hold up relationship. Are we on drugs? No, we live completely drug-free, Yeah right, ladies, so there you have it man. There were some other clips of these I had a thousand of them. There was some good highlights, though, of them going. I do appreciate that they went to the trouble of shaving their armpits contracts. Committees to doing cuz I would have been, and with that three normally videoed portions of today's efforts begin, but it is almost contradictory because they're so big, a man and like yeah hippie that you think they would Rock the arm pubes mmm-hmm. That's a good point. That's true! That's true, but those are so clean, like they waxed those before every episode. Most of this world is actually believe it or not. I knew a woman that was like kind of like this. She spoke to angels. Really. If you said she spoke to angels yeah, you know in another lifetime, I was actually shooting a concert for this whole group of people that were like kind of spiritual guru me more like this, and we stayed at her house actually for the time that, because it was out of town and so I'd like slept in the same house as this woman for like two or three nights, and she was like very nice and sweet but was like schizo, she like saw angels everywhere constantly and they were like always telling her stuff and she would like. Let us know what they were saying: Wow yeah. It was weird [, __ ], but was she a maid ship? It says this was like the brats, oh people, by the way the circle of people is brought on a scale of one to ten. As far as what parents choose she was older. She was actually she was very pretty lady. They they are, and that's the weird thing is like in this like faith-healing thing: it's always very attractive: middle-aged women. Would you have sex with the lady like that? Just to see? Oh I'm always more inclined to listen to people when they have like little Tony Robbins microphone makes me think that they're saying importance. Lawn chairs, yeah those are sixes. Those are action. Those are very expensive. Really good. Must the mic itself, probably like seven, eight hundred bucks, oh I, like that mmm hold on there, there don't hold up yeah. The sound quality is really good [Music]. What do you think? No, it's a terrible toxic thing to do is have an abortion yep. Well, maybe that did that influence her belief, right, yeah, I, wonder if it's either either it's like either at the time she I mean by her logic, she should murder her daughter, right, yeah, it's not too late to have an abortion. That's true! That is true. That's France! True interesting stuff! You know one last thing is we never got to talk about all these new him? Always you did [Music]. Do we have another music yeah? Oh yeah exact, go ahead and hit us with CCC corporate music, the most emojis okay. This is the same energy for sure Yannick. These are the new emojis for 2019, 200 and you're. Already new emojis that basketball players [ __ ]. No, do we really need all these they're so dark? It's almost like racists out dark they minnesota's emojis. Like do you I've, never used the the people stuff, all the people, clothes 70, future every shade imaginable! Yeah! Oh yeah! That's a lot! You know the yellow was like cool because it kind of represented everybody at first, but now that they have like all these different shades. I feel like the yellows racist, because the only yellow left is like Asian people and that's racist. The call is your person. Yellow probro became cool. That's what like old, both probing panes the hearing area mochi, what the [ __ ] they're, really stretching them: deaf person, woman and man mechanical arms: this is the inclusivity patent for sure [Music], oh cool flamingo. It did. One I did want a flamingo. What is up a oyster that was super weird sloth, utter audit of your garlic baby, but a waffle, Matt's tragical I also do [Music] made this Gila the emoji Council. No, this is emoji pedia, okay, so kind of kind of the other kind. One of the authorities there actually is an organization that sanctions- oh really, yeah. Sorry, not sorry, Oh brown, heart white heart there we go in do temple. Sorry, it'll bike, get that [ __ ] out ring planet, not Saturn. Just they don't want to yeah a copyright strike from Saturday max adhesive bandage like it hold it hold it hold it. That's the big one: wait now the blood drop. You can pause the music yeah, the blood drop. This is specifically supposed to be menstrual. Yeah yeah, that was the big news from this emoji drop like I, showed you sneak that in there like the diving mask going down on a girl during your period there yeah I, don't know when they're coming out I do think there should be a say man. Why I wanna say these have been released. I think I've seen my list, but maybe maybe I haven't seen it 230 new ones, yeah and that's kind of suck. Honestly, let's square though I'm I'm, using that otter, I'm gonna use the otter was cute. I'll give you I'll, you know any of the 200 people versions that I'm gonna use that Sartre I'm gonna use the darkest the darker the night one. You can only see the white in his eyes and his teeth I feel like all of those suck all those little people ones. They do. There's no reason. What do you I'm human I'm, human, okay, okay I am always caught off when people use those and then they match. There's like skin tone and I'm like come on yeah. It catches me off guard or when they'll send me one that isn't theirs. Mm-Hm I mean I. Do like the old one right, I just use: yellow gold like it's like neutral right, it's neutral exactly but like you're, not Asian, so you shouldn't be using the yellow on nobody like gold. You have to match your skin. It's like Simpsons white yeah. You have to match your skin tone and their and they're gonna Morgan I've, monitoring, right emoji is right and only single Simpsons face right. All right. That's it! Well! Next, I'm up next beautiful, oh, what a great presentation, good stuff and Dan is coming to the plate. He's got a whole slew I got a slew I mean there's really just one big one that I know where we're running a little long here. So I'll try blast through this, but so you want to talk about this. A while back, I think I came into awareness of it when Coachella was going on and I'll explain why in a bit, but first of all have you guys heard that the the influencer economy is crashing. You heard about this. I saw that so stupid. So it's because this, this girl with uh I, think like two million Instagram followers Oh, what's going on here and refresh the site is not secure, don't go to pity to be 3.1 point. She has 26 million for I, wanted to the article and she tried yeah I. Don't know why it's blocking us! You see like pops up when I try and Cognito incognita. What's the hockey for it? Yes, you can get one mm-hmm! Sorry about that those reasons here we go yeah you all take me. You don't take me seriously. All right, Instagram influencer, with 2.6 million followers struggles to sell 36 t-shirts. Now what was the shirt she was trying to sell? As my initial question I think it should. Is it the one at the top yeah, where she's sitting on yeah it's this one in the bench? It's just a black long-sleeved t-shirt, which you know it could just be because your shirt sucks so man. What does it say? No, what is it? How do you do this? Just you just use your fingers CSI stuff ooh. It just looks like it's initials. I mean. Why would any I mean? What is this yeah I? Guess? The point being that you know she's got these millions of people that ball around social media, but nobody actually gives a [ __ ] or is engaged. They turn it into this whole thing where they says the influencer bubble is about to burst. I, don't think, there's anything such as the influencer bubble. I think she was one Instagram story. She went and complained gutted down. No! No! It's all good, so I have a theory of why yeah these influencers are doing so poorly. It's because they're, just like in a lot of industries- and you know, transportation and manufacturing automation- is taking all the jobs, and in this case it's pages like this. Thank you for finally acknowledged. We got it. We got little Mikayla little Mikayla just about 36 shirts. Well, she you know I'll tell you in a second: she sold a lot more than 30. Oh really, yeah. She has less followers 1.6 million, but you know it's a typical Instagram page in most regards you know this is this young girl, I, think she's from LA and Dyke teat I saw at the bus and she's nice she's, 19 years old, and you know she's pretty and she's just living that influence her life. The only weird thing is that she is not real. She is CGI fully. She does not exist in the real world and people think she's totally real a study done by a full screen. Actually they were researching not just her, but as you'll see, there's a number of these CGI influencers out there. Hmm, they did surveys of the followers and found that a full 42 percent of people following her than God she's, a real person Wow, which I find incredible, mostly because the weirdest thing about all of this is the CGI [ __ ] sucks yeah, it's like ps3 graphics. Just so much I mean it's not. You know it's not like Sony Entertainment, it's just like some marketing agency or whatever, but it's like legitimately so bad in some of these, what the [, __, ] and so yeah she had. She had some merch that she sold. It's called like Club 404, no, very clever, and it's like an Internet online 404 yeah, which sold out and I mean they were. It was like some overpriced stuff, unfortunately, because it sold out doesn't show the price anymore, but I did some research and the socks were 30 bucks Wow for a 2-pack, oh I, guess for a 2-pack, that's not too bad I think the long sleeves I saw were being sold for like 90. Oh that's a lot I know they weren't [, __, ] around and and it sold out, which you know. Who knows. Maybe they didn't make that many so that it would sell out, but somebody was interested in buying this. You know what they do. Sometimes dan the slick got people mmm, they'll they'll, just say sold out. So it's not embarrassing right exactly that's for that. One Instagram lady messed up because she went and complained on his scam that no one was buying her okay, here's another one, that's probably the second most popular, only 135 she's way bigger than him yeah. No. She is by far the biggest of all of these, because there's one number of these and for whatever reason, hers really clicked and has this pretty and when are we gonna, get a sex tape between these two coming so yeah this one which, by the way the most popular ones, are all by the same company? It's one organization. So this this is the same creators as Michaela as you'll, probably see because they they cross over all the time. You'll see him. It they're all friends mmm they have their living their best lives together. So yeah this is a block code 22. His thing is: he's got this mask on at all times: I, don't really know. What's up with that, it's just kind of or if he's not wearing it he's always covering his face. It's a budget cut. Is it here he is with another one named Bermuda yeah, which again like this is like Sims graphic. Yes, like I'm, not good at all, but you'll kind of see like if we go back to Michaela in particular she's under here that the people engaging with these posts like they don't seem to realize that they are I guess so this is as someone's sex doll. They decided humanize on Instagram, kay, okay, so some people are starting to catch on when I went to the to the older posts in particular, there were just like so many comments of people like, oh, my god, when are you gonna, be in New York next time, I want to come, see you or blah blah blah. The way that I came to be aware of this- and this was [ __ ], weird as [ __ ]- is like I, said: I discovered it around Coachella because on the official Coachella stream they had her interviewing one of the artists, oh wow J Balvin, and he is interacting with her as if she is a real person. What's up it's Michaela here with YouTube Music at Coachella and I'm joined by Jay, bobbin Thank, you Thank You mikela nice to meet you. Finally, I'm gonna go for you everywhere, but I just had to see you. Let's just get right into this I know you just look at like a grapefruit, yeah I. Think it's a person in a body suit. What do you think and have in common the person? Probably I mean a boy you know like that. You know, I might eat old it wants to I was I was watching the stream just normally, and this just popped on and I like did like a triple I'm like what is wrong with her yeah like she looks so weird and that's what kind of led me down this rabbit hole. Here's another one I think this is actually a different company will wavy little wavy wavy. This one is like particular this one's like a drawing yeah yeah interesting. It's got like the face tats. It looks like a third life character like yeah yeah. Look at this one on the bottom left. Oh no Dan I play third, no I'm beyond that [ __ ], look he's he's wearing supreme yeah; that's definitely just second life yeah, maybe Lil's and second life, just to save some money. So yeah this one isn't as a goof as much as I. Just find this really [ __, ], weird and a little like this is bad and like very obviously fake, but give it another 10 to 20 years and I think the line between you know celebrity celebrities that people are into and follow. You know influencers and everything mmm. It's like. Why would a company bother? You know, spending sponsorship money on a real person? That's you know she's 19 now, but in two years she'll be old news, cuz, she's, 21 and you know lose her influence or whatever. If you is young, forever yeah yeah. This is evergreen, you know, Michaela I, think launched three or four years ago, as a 19 year, old girl, she's still a 19 year old girl and will forever be the perfect age right. Damn right, that's right! Okay, yeah, certainly interesting new brave new world kind of thing. Yes, exactly brave new world yeah, the the company behind this is called broad, broad, broad and they're, based in LA. They had like a little epic hue on their site, which was just like so weird is: where are you based? We're in LA is Michaela real as real as Rihanna. That's what they say: I think what they mean, probably a thing in their minds. I think there's probably one girl that wears the suit mmm, who has the boy who's like actually makayley wrong about that, but that's possible I mean in most instances it's just images so right sure, a few years ago they even put out a song: oh no she's, a musician. Let's hear it [Music] Mikayla, where you at you're, not mine, [Music] Dick's out. What's the what's the view count, seven hundred sixty eight thousand wait, or is it just this? It's just a lyric video kind of thing which is like. Why not make a video the laziest yeah come on. It's [ __ ], all CGI anyways, so they should just guys super realistic, right, yeah. Exactly so yeah I, don't know I. The main thing to me again is a I thought. It was weird, but then it started to make me real nervous for the future humanity when I heard that almost half the people that follow her think it's real I mean that that is astounding to me, uh. That is pretty wild. Well at first, when I saw her on the first time, I saw her on Instagram I did think she was real, but like there's just something uncanny yeah, then eventually, once you see it, then you then you like right. That's all that effect, yeah but I. Think I, don't know. I mean I'm looking forward to VR porn with like hyper realistic. You could like Llorona the way long and you just strap on like a machine. Deer penis and like you just lay out, do that now right, don't you have the gear you've got the oculus I haven't. Actually tried VR, but it seems like a lot of hubbub just did you took a lot of effort, yeah just yeah one out. That's my thing. Kind of the antithesis, like the point of masturbating, at least for a guy, is to be like. Alright, we got to get this poison out. Alright, let's, let's get this over with get the poison out, get the poison out just get it out. I have on yeah. It's like you've got to brush your teeth. You got to do it's, not something you want to do. It's like exactly you want you after, but you know it's not about breakfast, so I don't enjoy masturbating, it's just something. I have to do. Okay, do you know what I mean Zack knows what I mean I do. Thank you. Thanks always got my back. You Ian never has my back so this. This surprised me, Shane Dawson was like on the [ __ ] immediately. Apparently this is from two years ago in one of his videos. He did a short phone interview. Michaela can see she's come a long way in the last two years, because this is like yeah. This is like place, they should to grab there. I, say Dan that she's aged I guess maybe did make her look a little bit older this this. This is definitely more like I, don't know: 16 15, 16 year old, looking yeah, but you know they can just kind of change. Your looks with the with the trends. What's in whatever moment so yeah she's shout out to Shane, did we get an interview or anything interesting here? Uh? No, it's not really interesting. To be honest, listen to it. I mean he's talking to a person, who's pretending to be a CGI influencer. It's what's. It is a point like. What's this thing that what's the conspiracy, it wasn't so much that it was conspiracy, I I have a feeling. I mean this is just my speculation. I, don't know this, but I have a feeling they they paid. You think that's a good I think it's that's the conspiracy within a conspiracy because cuz, why would he talk to her? And you know this was two years ago: I'm sure she had a much smaller following this whole thing is a big effort of a marketing agency. You know in turn so they're they're looking to make this go viral, so get it on Shane, Dawson's channel. Why not there? You have it folks, little Michaela yeah, so that's it for a little Michaela and her CGI friends, but yeah. Don't don't follow these accounts? No, my guess is, is my point in all this. Don't don't give this attention. This is not good. It's not! It's, not I! Don't think this is good for us. These robots are gonna. Take you out. My job will ever be in Jefferies two robots I mean probably they'll. Be honest, no I mean hopefully I'll be one of the last to go, but can you imagine like a hilarious robot? This was like AI algorithmically funny, Albert well, I mean they're already making these robots that can algorithmically write music and do things that are music seems more formulaic. You know, yes, no I mean yes, it does seem more formulaic but I question. If it really is any more formulaic than doing comedy, you know what I mean like there's, certainly an x-factor to a good musician. That's improve a improvisational right, but I like to think of myself as as someone that's untouchable and untouchable, talented beyond even musicians or anyone else, I couldn't possibly duplicate it. An algorithm right now, I think you have a really strong point there for sure. I have your back now you don't always leave me in the trenches. I I feel like made certain joke. Styles, probably not, but if you took all of the Late Show data, oh yeah, for every monologue from the last like 30 years from all, shows I feel like you could make like a joke, but I feel yeah. That's a good point. There could be, as there is a place by an algorithm for and I think it would be better to be honest, I'd watch I watched a little chin, ekwa but I think that's an interesting observation in and I think it's because it's so formulaic yeah and the topics and though their delivery, yeah but I I think that's interesting. I would be interested to see how that played out. Yeah someone get on that see if you can do it well. I've I've seen studies that or articles that that claim that all that kind of stuff is coming like people are working on. You know automating jobs that you wouldn't expect. You know everybody thinks an automation, self-driving cars and that kind of stuff, but even creative jobs could be in jeopardy in the future. You know just the robot can do it cheaper, faster. All that kind of stuff and I mean when half your audience is paying so little attention, anyways that they don't even realize that it's fake sure you know I, don't really after quality anyway. So you know, I've been watching I've been following that deep fake. We, since we're talking about that last time, they've already gotten way, better yeah and I'm. Not even talking about porn like never feel like people are over the porn thing, I've been seeing like goofs, just goofs, we're, yeah or I, saw one today where they put Kanye's face on Mike Tyson, for example. Right I saw that and like it's gotten so good yeah, it's unbelievable Segura. It's incredible! This guy, just called the fake inning I. Think it's called yeah yeah. Is it not it's not even pornographic anymore? It's just for the goofs. Actually Tom Segura has a weird like dude. There's no difference. Tom's is so seamless. He looks a lot like art, though that's true, it's not going that far from one in the other. Oh you, but the expressions and everything who's who is pays put on - no Tom Segura with this guy. The thickening must have like a [ __ ] insane computer should maybe stop this here. Stop stop! Stop deep fake, don't fight me bro, as post Malone yeah! This one is crazy. It's just unbelievable the expressions the IRA eyebrows, the mouth unbeliev that looks kind of tight. It looks like magma hand tats. He asked me if he should do it, I don't yeah. Maybe it's because it needed to go further, then to be done that last one but Jim I feel like I choose this isn't quite so seamless like you can tell there's something weird yeah no I mean it's good though you'll see it's or it is improved a lot, and these are just people just messing around on their computers. But Samsung is like deep in this right now right. They showed something they have that just from one photo yeah they can fake in your ass, that's and they're. Trying to have that be able to be on a phone on anyway are born yeah, that's what Samsung's working towards Samsung's, Korean, South Korean right, yes, so yeah! That makes sense. So that way you just take a photo and you can have sex with anyone right yeah there you go sick legit. So that's it basically, I'm very good. That conclude your report, uh yeah I mean very good. Is it and thank you, so we've got a step up to the plate, and here let me say you up here so me up from here: how are we doing timewise? We got all the time in the world baby deal everything good. You got two hour mark just about I, see you don't have you? Oh you got the you got the dollars in the Arnold right yeah. Well, then, I wasn't sure about the the tree. Yes, let's do all of them, they're fantastic. We can't say no well powered through there. No memes left fine, so Arnold Schwarzenegger the man, the myth, the legend. You know. Other car everybody loves Arnold our former governor, the Governator. So he got. He got a little publicity the other day because he was he was in Africa on this liked meeting fans event in South, Africa he's taking pictures of someone, and then this happens, some guy just Sprint's up and just tropics the Terminator. He failed that what that that robot from the past is [ __ ], that's a really shitty cyborg. They sent to assassinate oh yeah. There's another angle here that Arnold tweeted out, oh I love the Arnold shared it himself, yeah. What a legend well Arnold was like not even fail. Yeah he's like barely moved what a freaking legend and he's like in his late sick, maybe even older, really maybe yeah I- think he's almost 70 yeah really he's built like a tree, stump dude yeah, that's incredible! That guy I think they would have broke. My back. Yeah I mean it's his entire body weight flying through the air. Double he's, 71 71 that motherfucker's built like a goddamn I like tree stump, I'm gonna stay with that tree trunk tree tree trunk, yeah I think you made a coma after that he was like. Oh yeah, you know, I thought someone just bumped into me ha and the guy he screams I need a Lamborghini. Is that right, yeah he says help me I need a lamb, burger yeah. Why [Music] it's an interesting approach to acquire that, but now he has a Lamborghini yes and he exactly congratulations them. Man I'm impressed with the Arnold dude yeah. No he's he's doing all right. Just imagine one just imagine that is the sequel to Terminator and like they just really build a she'll. You robot and that's the whole movie. You see the trailer for the Newton Terminator know any good you're thinking of Rambo. Aren't you know there's a way. Oh, that was making Rambo some people go, making sure there's a new Rambo trailer. There is a new Rambo blood. What's the context of the new terminators, it look good. You know. I went in balled up totally skeptical, that's pulled up, it looks it looks kind of dope I like Terminator I, like this series, I'm Mike I'm a fan we're using the original Sarah Connor back. She said: oh I saw right. I saw an image, but I haven't seen the trailer that's cool. This is it's like the actual terminator to Cass I'm, just not sure how many oh, my one that was good. Oh no I think I've heard that this is a direct sequel to Terminator 2 they're like just the rest which yeah I was like it's probably for the best. Let's see here, we got claim for yeah I love when I got claim for showing a [ __ ] trailer. Is that the point I? Don't care? Go ahead? It's a nightmare! I, haven't you know it's real when a schedule and a piano I was about to say and a piano and it came in [Music] and then here comes this weird African do to drop kicks Arnold. How many movies have there been in this lost, dragging 60 or 70? This is probably the seven footer, so I only saw the first one. Oh damn wait a second or a robot. What was that? Oh, that's, not Sarah Connor, oh okay, I'm assuming that's the new Terminator sent, oh no, as Arnold Arnold's got to be in it right. Yes, thank God. Look at her dude! That's pretty badass I, like your old ass, a bazooka. What's up haters the bazookas come like a 90s action. Trope I haven't seen in a while. That's very true! Never seen one like you before. Almost human who Sarah Connor, actually don't remember. I am human. Oh [, __ ], because I was her. Oh man he's aged. Why did the robot age? I was a very good question, he's just a robot living out in the woods. A gen I think this movie's gonna suck I mean probably I. Think this movie's gonna be an absolute suck fest and it's not James Cameron directing because he's still too busy making avatar - for the last two decades, but Linda Hamilton's, Linda Hamilton. There is gonna, be awesome. If avatar 2 was a total flop at the box office I want that be amazing, hope it is so bad. Would that be so cool, so you're, probably right that it's gonna suck first of all, the evil terminator singing in the end there I mean what is this. That was him but Wyatt, and it was him okay. So this next one while stumbling around YouTube, sometimes I'll, just keep clicking related videos and then see what happens and I end up and that weird part of YouTube and that's where I found this phenomenon known as reborn dolls, so anymore reborn previously from theirs. That's a whole thing where there's a whole theory but yeah. Well, it's regular dolls that you'd buy some of them kind of cheap, and then these artists will take them or these interesting, so they are designers, will take them and then completely reconstruct them. Okay and completely redo them so and the main market for this people buy them on Etsy and on eBay, because it's a lot of just just fan-created, not faint artists, created entrepreneurs, but here's like the Etsy page holy [, __ ] for these dolls, nope nope. So tell me Dan who like what's none of these are real. These are incredible, yeah and so who's buying these, like I, mean what's the point. What who? What what purpose are these serving? So it seems to vary because some pricey to it yeah that's expensive. Some people, uh, actually they're, just doll collectors, and this is like next level. They just like collecting dolls. Can you imagine stepping into a house like that yeah and then there are other people who are using it as like grieving tools, see that's not I figured that was really tragic and probably not a good idea either yeah. Well, that's yeah. It's kind of got a these different avenues and I was reading the empty nest. People - yeah some people. Just this one shop I was like 2000 reviews reborn baby. Oh, that's a good price I mean sorry, but that means that many people bought it. She might be selling other stuff and some people I watched documentary on it on YouTube about it, and some people will take pictures of their kids and maybe when their kids grow up and they'll go and like have it Duplo. My goodness I would not want my marriage to do that. A picture is work and then you know, then they can go use all their old, baby, clothes and stuff like that, and you know some p.m. some people were saying they did it because they just weren't ready to be a parent. They didn't think that they could handle it there, so they were like this is much easier for me sure it is yeah they're like I'm sure that's a good towel and get ready to be a parent. Yeah I wrote one of the quotes down from one of these people in this documentary where she said: oh wow, where I haven't got children. I still do have that female instinct in me. I can't do the commitment to kids, it's so fussy. If I could pick a child off the shelf, I would one that's quiet and well-behaved. Unfortunately, reality isn't really like that. She bought the next best thing yeah. She just bought one but yeah. It is kind of when you $600, plus, actually so I looked at the most expensive, like a newborn like right, yeah dude that actually I do admire the artistry yeah. Oh, they blurred the fake penis go back. They blurred the fake penis with Stardust yeah. Well right went on there so yeah that I looked at the most expensive one ever sold, I went and it was it's better, be good, see better, be a damn fine, baby eBay. Apparently, this seller is very well renowned for their dolls, so this was so more $2,000. What? Oh, my god, what's so amazing about this baby? Well, it's a Romy baby. First of all, it's like it's all about the label. I mean I, guess the details probably are so I mean well yeah and I. Think with this person they got nails done up and [ __ ]. They gotta, like mani, I, think a lot of them. A lot of the people that sell them like I, said they're, repurposed dolls I think this one may have been all there was no scratch that added on to the value but yeah, it's it's. It's pretty crazy and the uh yeah that woman she's, like the Picasso of these dolls. Yes, ideas, Romy, you can come on here and oh my gob. Why is his baby dead? What kind of dead? Oh, my goodness, gracious, what the imagine I mean. What is weird yeah I wonder if this lady planned on getting into this or she just fell into it. You know what I mean. That's a good question: yeah start making hyper-realistic silicone babies. She just found a niche she's like these people are [ __ ] crazy, but they pay L. They be really good. I mean 23 grand for one. Oh, my gosh Tiffany every finding, tau and now pan I tell you if I snood, coming up on something like that and hands are like a real baby. I would 180 out of that house immediately. This is literally start of a horror. Film and the cow looks slowly: she grabs for them. Well, apparently, like I was reading how they're made and they'll they'll put weights in the head. So you have to like support I like the real thing and they'll match that it's just the cleaning and the doing the hair seeing the end result and then pushing a nice pan. So yeah we'll go take my marks and stuff, and so people who see her think she has a real baby. Yeah, it's gonna die right, dude, that's [, __, ], weird I didn't think that they actually went out in public with them yeah, because that's kind of like that's a weird weird twist. Actually it's the psychology of it. It's like, then it's about like being seen and perceived as a parent and yeah. This was important. Part of this is actually how she'll she goes and sets. She makes him and she goes in sells him like at the grocery store. She push. No she's she's there to sell a baby yeah, because so it's like viral marketing for somebody coming. They want a baby. No for real! That's the best way you can market. This oh mama, look at that. I want to see the people that I, like [ __ ]. What that that is a weird twist yeah and so I was digging around this. Just on YouTube I mean the front room is now the nursery where babies are engineered to customers. Specifications you can have worming. Pouches said that the babies actually warm making out breathe was made the joke that you would throw it in the microwave to make it hide. They accounted for it already. You can have you can customize them, so they breathe. You can open noses open ears. You strive to reach the ultimate and realism, that's what it's all about, you're, trying to create a baby, either moving wait. That was a real baby. Man seems like there's a decent market, for it is because there was like a lot. Doesn't like a super boutique thing. First I was looking at I, found the very interesting one on YouTube that was [Music]. This person makes them- and this was this- was a little overboard, I! Think, being very gentle pinch and pull up you don't not and not here by the is it just a latex glove, just a giant condom, Jack Link's box in the background link baby that no it arrived promo we are going to gently pull apart the rest of the way for your baby to be born the baby. Oh, that's, not a very well okay. Now that baby needs resuscitation of something. That's ready! Look! That's a little blue role playing that you've got okay, so there, before umbilical cord you've, gotta, take she's gonna, save them for themselves, and it says I want to do it exactly like my things. It's gonna inject it into her face like Sandra, Bullock, super cute, okay, so cute Wow, like a corpse yeah, it's kind of berries. The people said yes or silently. Amazing. All these videos, I've noticed, have crazy views. Oh five million whoa whoa, five million yo I didn't realize was a thing yeah that has been around okay. They started started around in the 90s. Just doll collectors wanted more realistic dolls and then, as it went on and they started to pull it off, then this whole other element came in where people were kind of using it as, like. You know, a placeholder for real human babies and that's where it gets quite a disturbing last little part here, I've thought. Apparently this has happened a couple times now with these things, where a police officer broke into a car on a hot day to save with. Why don't you leave that in your car, I mean what do you think officer, even called an ambulance and tried CPR I? Don't blame the guy yeah? Of course a good. That's a dumb thing to do course happen horse model warhorse. It was that a war, some Ainsley's mom got the dolls to help her cope after her son died. That's the way! You're gonna kill your freaking, your your fake baby's, not gonna, make it either leaving them in a hot car. No, if I would still break it, they probably have it in a car seat too, and everything Oh God, yeah, so write it with you. I've read that I'm in it right: that's happened, multiple times, Wow put it in the trunk or some that is [, __, ], trunk, wild chest, baby yeah, but anyways. That's the that's! The little crash course on the world of we thank you for that. Thank, You, Zach and then just the last I want Drake yeah. It's too good. Okay, we'll be the family, so the NBA playoffs started last night. The final series I'm sure we're all big sports here, yeah it's between the it's between the New York dinos in the yeah Golden State I love when they get it in the hoop yeah. Oh dude, the yeah, when the thing that put the ball goes in the home runs a basketball right. No, but anyways. There's a kind of this drama playing out because well it's the Toronto, Raptors versus the Golden State Warriors and the Raptors have been they've, never been the final. This is the first time good for them and their main well Drake is from Toronto and he's like a die-hard fan. He owns some. He has some investment in the team and they made him their official. Like team ambassador mm-hmm, so because of that Drake gets, he gets access to the court like for all the games. Lore game I mean he's on the floor. He's he's there he's like standing next to the coach every game, and so this has started to become a problem and other teams have started to get kind of pissed off about it. Here was from one of the last games. This was last week he's right there. He was ready to squad he's ready to shoot. He is ready to roll NBA yeah, that's cool, so he's just that snip right there and the cameras not helping cuz. They keep showing it. Yeah he's already cut to him and send it to the players, and he has a thing. Look like the he's: taunts players. He thought [ __, ] yeah. No, it's happened before the big one day. Sight is Spike Lee right, I mean when you're, but he's stealing the show yeah. It's definitely he's like playing it up. Look at him standing he Mays dominating, though, and then this was the other one that had like a bunch of sports fans up stats. Look at him running around the sidelines like we're I mean he's me running around the Cyber Dragon, oh and he that's. The coach of the team he's comfortable out there yeah it needs to respect the game. Yeah, that's been the big things. Go back to the beginning of that clip and I want you guys to watch him just running around courtside like yeah like a color like really you see him I mean that's pretty ridiculous. He's the cheerleader [Applause] you've got to respect the other team, you know yeah and then the other rub really gets me. They ask this one I thought was kind of funny. They asked the the head coach of the other team about that whole thing and like his Drake too involved. So this was the other coach just kind of saying. No, this isn't cool, but these clips of Drake are just so funny participant in the game of coach, I'm. Sorry, a player or a coach that you know has access to the court. So I I, don't know how much he's on the court. It sounds like you guys are saying always it's kind of a bad precedent. You don't you know like what's to stop other celebrities from running around you know, [Laughter] I mean he's having fun out there, though I like I, don't have that much fun in my life ever yeah he's pumped he's loving it. He had a line to be animated, like that at a sports game like that's, what makes it fun, but you can't go on the [ __ ] court yeah. Do it yeah he's money problem? That's why, when he said the talking [, __, ] I'm, like that's talk, [ __ ], all you want, like that's part of the fun of being in a sports game. That's a Nike supreme nutty, and this was after there just won that game when he was massaging the coach. Just all these people. It's about these people right here. It's about these people. It's about the city. We a listen, listen, we have the best player. We have the best fans and a hole in a hole NBA in a whole world. Look around look around you look at this. We created this. This didn't exist before we are here. Look around at the square. I promise you right now we did this, doesn't matter what anybody says they can say it's disrespectful. They can say. Is this and that now everybody's within everybody's, within the rules, everybody's doing their thing all yards, proud and passionate? We are like a college sports scene. The Toronto Raptors are polished more see. My promise was that man loved Toronto I love this team and we're going to the NBA. All of us. It's funny how they go interview him after the game he's stealing the limelight, yeah yeah yeah, so the NBA. Actually after this, when had a meeting with the afters, they had to go talk to him and be like guys, Drake's antics hurt. You got a good train. Oh man just put him in a mascot suit and then I'll be right. Yeah yeah, the Raptor dude yeah. Well, that's because he's his brand is like the Owls yeah and he does all the jerseys and Bradbury's you'll see an owl on the Jersey. That's all Drake right, but so they warned him. They told him to chill out and then the first game of the final was last night and let me guess he did not chill out at all. So first there was. This is hilarious yeah. This was from his acid Graham. Oh, he posted this. So he's flaunting yeah he's posting this one. Now his Steph Curry on the Raptors or not Steph Curry's on Golden State, so he's talking, [, __, ] and he's wearing this Jersey with another different player from Toronto, whose last name is curry from like years ago. So he's it's. No I heard it's it's his dad Oh his dad was so angry leaders, yeah, okay, who's wearing his dad's Jersey talking [ __ ] to him. So this is an elaborate Lloyd [Music] anything that he's got something in his hair and he's yo. He put in music, but an intense action me. His caption Steph Curry, hair limp for sale on my eBay right now, user named Ramon shouldn't wear 23. So, oh, my goodness, that's real beef he's hurting real beef. Isn't he kind of? Let me see that clip again. I, don't think Steven I, don't think. Steph is happy about. What's going on there? No, it seems like he's like [ __, ], I'll, [, __ ], either. Stop call me shenanigans, [Music] yeah, oh, they are great as a Steph Curry tattoo. Oh my goodness, oh they're goofing around, but it looks best. They do look, but the other motion might be running high yeah and the other player that he's trolling here. There's a draymond who's. Also on the team. They had a an exchange at the end of the game [Applause]. This was right. After Toronto beat Golden State I could see Drake walking around up left flat bin. So the he's friends with this guy- well, that's all Toronto, but then here's Steph and then this other guy, draymond and Drake are arguing and then he actually yelled you're trash after they. And so then someone asked that player about it right after it's incredible that Drake has made himself the center of attention. He's an NBA player, yeah yeah so like where players have to like, acknowledge him and talk about this yeah right by that their exit. Yeah just wanted you to talk a little bit about that. Postgame scuffle between you and Drake. You got a question about basketball. It wasn't really a scuffle because I didn't hit him and he didn't hit me or I didn't push him and he didn't push me. We talked we barked a little bit, but I wouldn't necessarily consider that a scuffle not really what I personally will considers this guy good for him. Then click stop trying to play bad gonna, [ __ ] deal with this hooligan on the side. Yeah he's right, so yeah of all the sports, commentators and stuff have been like Drake's gotta cool it. This is not. This is amazing, invested in it financially so yeah clearly he's got motive right. That's true! He's promoting his team yeah, you know being able to cause that's what Toronto wanted, because that's what it like a global ambassador is supposed to do. Okay, you know they pick high-profile people, I think that's yeah. They were probably stoked to get Drake. Is there I? Think that's what like Jack Nicholson is for the Lakers Oh for real think so yeah. You know it's funny. They go. They pull the raptors into the NBA office in the like. Yo tricks got a chill and they go back to directed like hype. It up, though, but raptors have never won the finals ever they've, never even been there Golden State's one like seven, so I get why he's pumped? But you know it's just kind of funny. You think they got a shot to win it this year, uh. Well, they beat them last night, I'm, not super I, don't know it with it, but okay, I guess I'd like them to win just because they've never won the story's game. Yeah and I bet trick will take full credit for them winning last week. Actually the daughter of the owner of the Bucks, the team that they beat to get in the final, the daughter sat on the upside into the court, with a big push, a t-shirt on oh wow like, and that district came out a year ago, though, right a year ago, like two days ago, oh I, love it yeah, it's fantastic, yeah, I. Think it's pretty funny so I'm looking for to watch the gas I know exactly where to mark Drake highlights from you in because I'm not gonna, watch them, but I trust that you need a Drake cam. Just all just see what he's doing separate stream is pretty much. Only a couple memes were left behind. To be honest, I'll tell you what they were, there's only two and we'll get him Nick, but just so you guys know chase made an awful tweet and Josh the bad kisser we're the only two memes LaVon, but we'll get to them. So it's Friday, my dudes okay, the blessed Friday God's, Friday, Jesus's Friday Jesus died on a Friday in fact, and he was also risen on a Friday fact check that I think heroes know heroes on on Easter I think it was a Friday. They, the calendar was different back then cuz they he's. Oh, he sees right. Beef right. Sunday's was not easy because he was alive, so it wouldn't be BC, but I mean it was uh. It was uh. He was kind of like older. Well, it starts after his death I. Think the ad is after death, no I mean I know it's not good. Let's just go down yeah, no, let's go with so happy Friday God's dad used his day. Remember that Jesus was died and risen on Friday for a reason. God was singing on Friday as the busted end greatest day. So I hope you guys have a busted in grade Friday and thank you for so much for joining us being here with us. Thank you to Ian, whose birthday it is everybody wishing a happy birthday, but the Sharkey's gift card on your well dan can thank you Dan for joining us today. The producer of great stories for you be Europe's. Ela who's, probably gonna, be giving birth before our next episode. Oh [, __, ], that's right! Give it up, see ya or bring it in it. Come again, I mean what come on shredder than I waited so patiently for us and Zach go ahead. Zach was really good on the sounds today: Zak who's on it. Thank you ball. Thank you. Give it up his ass back ringing Sarah. It was all thing, and today thanks for joining us and getting on the switcher, so the boys could get in here. We appreciate you, we love. We love that you're here you can go ahead and switch it to yourself. We can share. We can I control that normally there's back there and, of course go ahead and switch it to the person watching. Would that be awesome face game? And thank you alright, that's it we'll see you next week, I mean he'll is probably gonna give birth, but well I'm gonna check, I, don't know when cuz, if it's on the Friday I'm not gonna able to come. Obviously, but I do I'm gonna come in and I'm like it's my updates and probably share some pictures and stuff and just talk about it. I'll take a video of her of the baby coming out. So look forward to that. Ian looks like he's what seeing a ghost? That's that. Why did I'm thinking I'm, seeing the ghost of Sharky's yeah? That is dramatic, alright, guys, thanks for watching, see you next time ha [Music].