-, hey papa here: it's Papa, John and you're. Listening to the h3 podcast go Ethan go ela! Well! Thank you. Papa John I appreciate the intro how nice now Papa John personally endorsing this, the H flute podcast the greatest show undisputed undisputed night on the street. It's just it's a household name. People say the greatest show a street podcast, a household name. A today's episode is sponsored by quip, who we know and love. Peopie was docketed to be on our show today, but unfortunately he cancelled brutally I thought thoughtlessly. On the last minute. We had him all ready to go and he said something came up so very rude. It was very frankly was offended, but that's not here. No, there I'm trying to keep the show wholesome and light today, despite the fact that there is a a entire country of Italy is shut down. Everybody is instructed to stay in their house in Italy and there is a sociopath verse, a literally senile man running for president calling Bernie a sociopath. Not burning, no I mean look, we've got the lawn. We've got a line. Dog-Faced pony-soldiers play live in that trap. Again, you're lying dog freeze pony shows me did I play that on the podcast before yeah, so we've got so. It looks like Joe's gonna win, but I'm gonna keep it cool I'm, keeping it light and warm we're in 3d I'm, not I'm, not I'm, just keeping it cool. Despite all this happening in the world, and if you're in Italy don't go outside no problem at all, you're not allowed to leave your house if you're in Italy, not a issue right. Zak yeah show me your bag pack, yeah Zak's cruises around with the bag. Yeah, but don't say the word, don't say the word. Okay, so I got I got wipes. Yeah are those disinfect it's so hard to get right now. Is that God you get those Ralphs? They just had him around yeah I. Guess they just need to live with the hug man like he's, bought a can for a thousand bucks. I was looking Amazon. Everything is out of stock. That's the risk, though you have to go into a Ralph's to get it. That's how you get sick and then I got it I got gloves to show me. Are those disposable, oh yeah? They are so you bought like a bag of a thousand of them or something well. I, I wash my card so like they're like car, washing books. So do you throw them out left to use them yeah, and so when do you put those on like uh when I go to the gas station anytime, I have to like touch it. So if you've got if you're pumping gas put on the gloves, you finished the job you throw the gloves out yeah and then, like you, use your like pointer finger to just get the glove off and then goes right in the trash. Can I'm not gonna lie I've thought about that. Putting gloves because I I there's nothing worse than touching a gas nozzle dude is nothing worse. Once you go into this ahold germ alert mode. It's like you can't avoid it. It's you gonna touch something I, don't know. Apparently, Zach disagrees well. My hands are also dry as [ __ ], because I've been watching five minutes. I know it's the worst man, but no we're not taught we're not getting stuck in the hole but zach is carrying around a bag of disinfectant I am Zach. How was your hair in the last episode? You soaked your hair in Manning's, correct. Tell me about the aftermath. Well, I left and the car ride home was pretty gnarly I had to drive with the windows down got home. It took me like three shampoos to get it, the all of it out like the smell and all wise mmm, but I think the dish, soap, soap, kind of messed it up, Oh, messed it up yeah, because I think it just kind of stripped my hair and made it super dry. It was soft, but I mean it's super. It's so strong, yeah, there's so so, ultimately, any benefit you reaped from soaking, hair and mayonnaise was negated by washing your hair with dish. Soap correct, but the experience was amazing. I mean it's a gentle hand. I really loved I was watching it back over the weekend and I was I was laughing a lot. It was so it was a great mom. I was watching him on TV when the episode came before the whole good and I was like. Oh my god, we know this guy I'm in love with big Edie. He felt good on this he's promising one of the best seasons of 90 days. Yeah I think we have the making of an absolute reality. Tv superstar, I love they get and I love that we're in touch with them. You know later in the episode today, we will be interviewing. The Philly attack right did. I was like such an old Brit I'm around a soft brain, a smooth brain. Sometimes my brain is smooth, and sometimes it's hard, okay, boomer, don't okay, boomer, myself. Okay, the the Philly offensive will be joining us for an interview after the break which I'm very excited about he's the man, the myth, the legend behind roll patrol and stake is for taxpayers, love him Oh, Zach speaking of May own, your hair I saw this on the subreddit and I wanted to get your take on it. I thought it was really funny hair either yeah. What I would like for you to do is put on those gloves. Okay, this is not the okay here we go yeah and we're gonna get to strip my hair. Ah the man, your hair, either you didn't want to get it I've there for you to do it and put on those gloves and start massaging mayonnaise in his head. Don't worry about making a mess. That's totally fine, Wow I do not know it's pretty funny fantastic yeah. Somebody went back in time to Zach when he had the when the mayo meme first was born and he said I don't want to get mayo, my hair and now here he is pretty good right. So there you go thanks. That just goes to show you how things can change, how quickly things can Jane very true. Trisha is coming on this Friday. If you have a less or I guess hurt, though it's closed right, we said the cutoff was last Sunday, so you snooze you lose and I got to tell you. We got a lot of applications so tight how many applications it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say, hundreds right, guys, I mean and what's our short stack, I think we've got what maybe 20 25 of like whoa like real real, solid ones. Do you think that there's anyone in there that you could potentially actually fall in love with there's some zingers there's some zingers? Maybe blind Dan you. It sounds like you, wouldn't [ __ ], any of them uh. Well, most of them are males. Oh, so there are some females I'd all, but just a few are female. Yeah I mean she said that she's not into women at least strong right. She said she's not into straight women, which it's really hard to keep track with her yeah. So if you have a last-minute application go ahead and send it to podcast a shoe a shoe brush come, we will consider it if it's fantastic, but what I wanted to do just to tempt you all and get hyped up for this Friday when Trisha will be joining us to make defend the herd is to enjoy video from her age. She made a ASMR video, it's called no talky, Trish, ASMR and I wanted to enjoy see this. This could all be yours, so this is awful I hate, so this I mean. Why would you like love? It I mean I. I doesn't bother me, but I don't get love hate you're the producer of the show, then you can't think yeah did Dan bounce he's done, skis dad I'm holding the headphones near my head. So this is like ruining the dish for me. That does look good here's the thing this could all be yours. If you enter at podcast at a stress reduction calm, you could be sitting beside her right now, she's eating. Well, let me just describe to our audio listeners. There's a giant bowl of tea. What kind of pasta would you call that Shell's like a macaroni? It's a shell macaroni, a super cheesy and she's eating it with a giant wooden spoon like a serving scale. I mean love it not even well I'm, lucky I just so. This is called super cheesy mac and cheese. Big bites, big bite, no talking, ASMR, no I said now. What's the what's the purpose, do you think the purpose of this is to jerk off to sleep to relax what well. This is the same market as some of the other ASMR channel I think it's person and she's combining milk bangs with the bar right. Nobody. So it's for people who like to watch her eat plus there's some more sounds mmm. That seems very niche yeah, but it has 50,000 views and a lot of life. But let's see what other kind of videos she has on, no no talkie trick. She really isn't you guys have to you guys have to give it up that she is a [ __ ] natural born hustler. Did she like Oprah sure she's been on every single possible show dude? She is a natural born hustler. This is, let me see. I think this is our most popular video here. What's the most recent upload one one way, so it was that after she announced that she, this crunchy says a some our head of crunchy lettuce. This is just her eating a head of lettuce, all right. Let's see where this goes taking lettuce out of a bag, it's just a head of lettuce. You know like a ball. Why would anybody want want to do that? Just a big head of lettuce and she's just going in for a bite here we go, get ready, she's taking her time. Ian, you listen ASMR! Does this do anything for you, I! Don't listen anymore! Me you! Yes, all right! I tried it a little bit, but it didn't really help I feel like you're. Revising history, I think Ian's, it really helped me fall asleep. I would be too focused. Okay, dude! This is Corey. This is gross, though I. Don't like this. This doesn't help this wouldn't help you policy, no, after your easy, bro she's, just straight up destroying she's, just like I mean she's, a fart and I, don't mean I mean she literally just a farm. Animal I don't mean that, like as it her looks, I mean I, just never seen an animal other than a farm. Animal hit, a head of lettuce like that right either I mean I'm blown away about what I'm saying right. I've never seen some like this. You can't taking huge bites out of a full head of lettuce and gives me anxiety, I, don't know I, just never seen anything like and that's 110,000 like so maybe the comics mylord peel off the first layer, at least that's. What's on your mind, damn you should probably watch that first, just why are you guys? She's? That's hardly the issue here. Well, lettuce is famously what people get I'm wash lettuce is what people get e.coli from right. Well, cool by the way, probably should have washed I mean well, if I'm guessing she probably washed, she did wash it and put it in the back because she wanted to look like she just took it out of the bag forever. Perhaps because that's the whole vibe awesome for her own sake. Let me give her the benefit of the doubt here, but everybody's just talking about ecoli and watch, but well, okay. She is an innovator, my dudes, that's our most popular one, edible dish sponge. What like I like this, so this one's called edible dish, sponge deodorant, stick yeah! Then diesel keep yeah. That's what I'm thinking wait, so it's food made in the shape of a spine I think it's just a cake that looks like a sponge. It says big, yeah, I, don't know why would you make an edible sponge out of a cake? Why why? Why would you do this she's trying stuff? But why would you make a sponge? It says edible dish, sponge and deodorant sticks, [Laughter] and easels into this. He might be the only one who's really into this is VIN whoa, it's Vin Diesel. The action star is really a fan of Tricia. Oh, my god. The vin diesel do you have anything to say: I, just googled, a edible dish. Sponge and don't tell me that's a genre. It seems to be a thing this world. Why do people want to eat the bun jizz like here? This one looks crazy. Oh here's, another ASMR channel, oh 1.5 million! It's got like Julian in it, says: ASMR, edible cake dish, sponge eating show Frank most satisfying than all the downwards, and then it has like Korean and then it says Moo ping. Oh, that looks like a real sponge. Tricia's didn't this looks like she just strip eating a sponge. That's pretty crazy! It's just preview. What is this? Hey I need a preview, Oh No, why she's got hold on what the and we just stumble into it. So she's got a thing of dish. Soap that look. Has it filled with something that looks like she'll dress, just like sugar, water yeah with food colors? This is a whole fetish and so she's a really cute young girl, who's, thin and slender, and fit and she's just eating sponges I guess some people have a fantasy of eating sponges, but this has 1.5 million to 1.6 million views. There's no way. Let me read comments. Mmm I mean people are maiming on, but but clearly people are maybe it's just shocking and people click it like what well when I is, if you just do a Google search for edible dish, sponge, like the the image results, there's like tons of thumbnails from videos like it seems like it was a trend or something I have to give it to her, though these look fantastically real. They do I mean those are what dude. This is your life. Imagine your mom sees this like. How do you explain this to your mom? She goes crazy. How many views is that 1.6 million you show her the reference tab yeah, it's not enough. Oh I, guess you're right! That's happened to us. Your dad goes. Why is Ethan showing close ups of his dick on screen? That's probably worse than eating sponges yeah. For some reason, I find this harder to explain. Yeah cuz, you don't get it. What would your dad think I was eating? Sponges like this? Are you you not me doesn't care if you were eating sponges, I, [, __, ], it's easier and a way to explain. Cuz! It's like look at this illusion like she baked or whatever I, don't know how it's made like it's impressive, it's kind of impressive, it's very impressive I! Don't know how to make this okay, you, like my mom, would be like wow. How did you bake it? You know what can I get you to make a video like this cuz I'm cuz like oh, like if we hire a baker I feel like we could generate like a whole. Nother revenue stream, with you doing videos like this: yes, mr alright yeah a Samara and just get someone to bring us some fixed. Why did you sit there? Maybe, like you, know, die eating and I hate eating sounds. As everyone knows, I hate, our eating's and I get you two in a white shirt without a bra huh, a white shirt, no bra, okay, well, I'm trying to entice our viewers, okay to watch the sponge eating because they are all wearing like, like you know what stuff waters venting so think about this Vin Diesel time today. All right! Well, then Diesel's a fan of edible cake dish. What what look at the thumbnail these boomers? What is happening on YouTube look at these people, like people, will do anything to make money. What is this? Can you see this thumbnail yep? We can see pretty well Oh scroll down just a hair, perfect burp, this thumbnail. What that look? How do you not click that here she's eating a shoe? Oh cool! You see it's like a king. No, it's cool! I! Agree! What's the word, you know it's a piece of art in the baking words, probably I, don't know, I agree, I'm, just I, just impressive. The whole thing is crazy. Dude, the a Samar the eating the sponge is just so crazy, I wonder if she bakes it do you think she just hired like she's eating a cold and MasterChef? Where do you find someone to make this well with that kind of views? She probably has 39 million a crew of chefs. Alright, let's watch I'm gonna click that one now I didn't even plan to watch this stuff by the way she's like Willy, Wonka yeah. You know that scene where he like I love that scene. He was the first ace of our food fetish, sure that scene Willy Wonka, where he takes a sip from the teacup and then eats it. Yeah I love that so he's the man she's eating a calm. Does she just puke I mean how do you work off calories like that? What has been diesel think about this videogame predict guy yeah I thought, that's true. She is pretty Vin Diesel anything else. Yeah he's talking all right. He doesn't have met Vin Diesel only says he doesn't have a large vocabulary. Yeah I know, I I know I I get you Vin Diesel I'm gonna have to work on educating him some more. It's a more vocabulary. I lost my place where well, what are we doing again? I, don't know we have a document. Oh yeah, we were watching Trish's the winner I'm happy to announce the winner of the Tricia Bachelorette season will be what we will be sending both of you all on a beautiful cruise. We looked up cruises. As you know, we found a beautiful 20 day cruise that stops out on China. Beautiful China, see the walls, the wonders of the ancient civilization, China China as Trump likes to say, Trump as he likes a China for only $300 okay man, we've been we've been laughing about all the other rates to China, like you can fly directly to Shanghai for like 300 bucks. That's that's rounded coronavirus is gonna, be the answer. You can't say that Oh you can say it like that, but you can't talk. This is YouTube, they go. You said you can't say caching, but don't say more than that, so what I did okay, but what were you gonna say now? Do you think the viral? Now you can't talk. If you can ask me a question about it. Otherwise we get yellowed. Do you think yeah? This situation, yes, is gonna, be the end of all cruises, I hope so, okay, so it's so I see usually not Ted Cruz Ted Cruz. Isn't you know that Ted Cruz is in quarantine? Brown I get my news from then nowadays. Well, I have to say: if you go on a cruise, you deserve anything that happens to you on that. Cruise cruising is like the bottom of the barrel of humanity, just think about whatever I have good friends that, like just went on a cruise and before the end, do they like it, though I think so, I think what I've never been on one so I would never say no I have been on one when I was like 12, but I didn't find it. Let me describe a cruise to you, you're on a boat with a bunch of cheap [, __ ]. You eat at buffets. Have you seen the room you're stuck in a time you can't leave? This is the first thing you have to know romance someone who hasn't been I can imagine, there's probably not a space Hania. Tell me about it. It's like a cubicle with just the bed. It's like you got bunk beds and that's your room. So that's where the people that can't leash it's yeah, it's you see, sleeping, what's, essentially a prison. Yes, it's a prison I'm in a larger prison at sea. You can't leave that's the thing you can't leave people call in 20-day. Cruisers. Can you imagine whatever happens to on that see you? Have it coming well, a lot of a lot of cruises that they make stops in like ports and stuff? That's a wire off right! That's what we did. It was like this. Every day was a stop somewhere. Four - left. Keep that off you get on. Well, that's what I was a kid. You don't as an adult - everything seems like a schlep yeah. That was what, when we were looking at these ones, that are dirt cheap right now, a lot of them yeah are like the one we saw. It was like twenty two days, I can't! Even if you like cruises, how could you not who's got time for that? Yeah retirees, I guess was so wait when you get off a port in another country. Do you have to do like immigration, [, __, ], no I, don't know you just get off walk around security scan, because I would have to be some sort of yeah. How there's gotta be some? That's that's! My point is that it's got it because your parents probably filled it out. There's it's gotta, be so annoying because you getting off in another country. You got to do some kind of declaration, and then you bring [ __ ] back on the cruise. You got to do some kind of declaration. You can't just be coming and going bringing crazy [ __ ] with you everywhere, yeah I used to sneak booze and Cuban cigars. When I went on that cruise Oh Zach you're a cruise, a veteran I know that time of my life on a cruise I think it's fun for kids and old people. I was 15, I told everyone, I was 17, that's actually pretty cool good. You got to drink and smoke and stuff like you would never be able to do. Yeah, yeah, plus that's when I lost my vCard on a cruise we've I told the story. You didn't tell me that story. That was like the whole blood thing. With the popping of the hymen. You didn't connect. How was I supposed to know that was on a cruise bro. How did you seduce a girl well hold on? Did you man we're on the cruise? Yes, it was like. Was it - I was Caribbean wait hold on. You met her on the cruise, she was from England and you took her virginity. No, she took my virginity, but why was her hymen yeah broken? No, no yeah yeah, so she's a virgin yeah. What you guys took each other's virginity on a cruise yeah, that's and then you never saw each other. No! What? Oh, my god, maybe she's watching right now, Zach. How did you meet her? How did you seduce this girl? How did you know I mean I I brought me every thought, my guitar state I? Did you first meet her where'd, you meet her, so they have like a club thing and it's funny. It was a Princess cruise too, and that's the one. That's here right now. Did you call her a princess and like if they had like club things, and you know you just go around and you're up till 4:00 in the morning or at least I was and I would just take my guitar all over the cruise and just play. It was like during New Year's too and like there was a dude playing bagpipes as well, that guy never had a shot. No, what's your room also like a prison completely yeah. Okay, wait! Wait! You had your own room, cuz I'm, imagining you with your parents! Well, no! No, it was my grandmother went my parents and then my brother and I had our own room, but once I started, like you know, I met this girl. I kicked my brother out of my parents, and your branch knew what was going on. I would assume yeah, because why would their brother be with them yeah exactly your parents knew you were. You were screwing some rent girl on the cruise yeah I mean my dad was cool with it. Whoa. That's great! That's a pretty gnarly! Sorry Zach. How did you guys have? Did you guys do it more than once or was it just traumatic? And then you never did it again? It was traumatic and no no. What was going on yeah? What did was she? How was she, after you talked to her afterwards uh yeah I mean it was like I mean I. Wasn't like a dick I was like yeah. That happens. You know no but like after so so you guys have this really crazy? Oh you mean, like laughs, stayed friends, yeah yeah. She like she got kind of weird and wanted to start like dating me and [ __ ], like you got clingy on wow. That's super [, __ ] clinging on the cruise yeah. What were she gonna? Go it so hard that I don't crib I? Don't you guys had sex way? It's weird that she wanted to be with you after well. Well, but she maybe she was just being really like. Like really clingy I mean I, but you were a stuff on the cruise. So even on the cruise you're, like listen baby, you were kind of and off listen princess. I was like you know, 15. She thought I was 17, you know so so so wait. You guys had this night, the next day she's intensely wanting to be with you yeah, and then your reaction was was what you know. I wasn't like a dick I was nice, but like I, just kind of distanced myself mmm hung out with other. You know she, you know she has distrust of men ever say, I. Think you single this girl now now. Why is it? You don't want to spend any time with her you just weren't into her and you're just over it. I was freaked out because it just and I understand, I totally understand that Wow, so um crazies are crazy. Man and like I, met all these people from like Canada and England, where you trying to smash other girls yeah. Oh man, you are a wild man and did your parents even ask you like what was what happened? Well I. They saw me walking around with my guitar and like talking to other girls, so they had to assume what was going on Wow Wow. Did you smash any other girls on the person? No, it was just a few kisses here and there, but dude so that that I know I never got damn your bald young man. I thought you were pretty big yeah I was very big. I was a freshman in high school nice memory. Danny. Thank you. Thank you for well. I. Think it is a good detail. Yeah, you know, I was bullied in high schools yeah. This was a pretty awakening and then Kate's tried man and came back to you know my shitty life in high school and you know you're like did I [ __ ], like 20 girls on this. Nobody believes you yeah. So wait was this girl did you? Was she trying to get in touch with you during that whole time? I mean? Was she just kind of went her separate way when you were flirting with other girls yeah, she kind of took the hint and you know made like a tree and leave you know I wasn't a dick I wasn't like get the [ __ ] out of my face Zack. This is an incredible story. Do you think about her? Do you ever feel bad about how that went down? I do feel bad, but I also feel bad for myself, because I was a very traumatic situation. Yes, you were definitely the victim. This is such an incredible story. This episode is gone everyone we are totally off the rails, Brickton, oh, my goodness, I don't want to stop sorry. This conversation is just well. Zackin is the sack I love you buddy you give and giving I was such a nerd at that age, like I, had I. Think I had the opportunity to have sex at that age, but I was I. I felt like I were ready, I, never seized it because yeah I guess I wasn't ready yeah, which is weird because that that, when you think of yourself you're, like I, don't know, I just knew I wasn't ready. Somehow, I don't know, I was not ready to even make eye contact. I was born, ready man watch out for him, [ __ ] surprised you didn't, throw her overboard and move on [Laughter] all right. Let's go to a quick break when we come back. We're gonna take a call from the Philly offense, so the legend, the roll patrol and so stay tuned. We'll be right back. If you care about your mouth, listen to the words that I am saying, you know that I live and die by the quip electric toothbrush. It's a vibrating little tube. It's got the softest bristles in the game to keep your beautiful, sensitive gums that do not grow back by the way safe and not receding Equipe electric toothbrush times and pulsates. First of all, it vibrates dentists, all say vibrating toothbrushes clean, better. Here's the trick, though, here's why it's so cool it pulsates, and it tells you when to switch quadrants to make sure you get that perfect. Two minute dentist recommended brush every time you brush your mouth, thirty Seconds murmur switch 30 seconds, we're airing switch! That's why quip is amazing. It keeps your mouth clean and it keeps you in good shape. My dudes quip also has a floss dispenser that comes with pre marks string to help you use just enough. Make that easier on you plus quip, delivers fresh breasts, head brush, heads I, can't say brush. What do we keep saying breath bus brush heads? They deliver fresh brush heads, floss and toothpaste, refills to your door, every three months with free shipping, so your routine is always right and you're, not pathetically sitting there rolling tooth paper like rolling toothpaste out of thin air. Have you ever been that low on toothpaste and you're? Like please God, just one dollop? That's all I need you're, squeezing with all your might. That will never happen to you with quit, join over 3 million healthy mouths and get equipped today, starting at just $25, and if you got a get quip, calm, slash h3 right now, you'll get your first refill for free. So that's your first refill free at get quip, calm, slash, h3, spelled GE t qu, I p.com slash h3, that's quip! The good habits company welcome back everybody! Today, we've got on the line. The infamous Philly offensive, aka, eight roll Patrol, the man who stole our hearts and minds who had us all divided as a real, it's a fake who knows we found out in the end through an admission of hims. Oh, not really an admission, wasn't hiding anything he's a sketch he's a sketch comedian, which we were all blown away to find out. I want to jog your memory before we bring him on the line. This is Rolle, patrolled, the video that that captivated all of our hearts minds: [Music] yo bro. You suppose we'll use the wax paper. When you touch the rolls I'm role patrol dude, no, but seriously the wax paper and you're sniffing them and then you're touching them and you're putting them back, they smell like [ __ ]. This exchange just real the ones you touched and buy them because I don't want I, don't want it. I, don't know where your dick beaters bends, you mean [Music], listen, cuz, pick them the [ __ ] up and put them in your bag or I'm going to even you up, [Music] I'm Tony right now. He's look at like he's scared right, so convincing pick him up. It's disgusting I know [Music], so use the wax paper next time, dude so good. It's so good. It's so brilliant I have so many questions for the JJ, also known as the Philly offensive. So without further ado Dan can we get our boy JJ Philly offensive on the line, and here we are with the Philly offensive JJ. Is that right is that what I should call you yeah JJ works. Welcome, I! Do it! How are you let me ask you something? The roll patrol had captivated our hearts and minds. We did it, we were almost none of us first suspected that it was fake at all. I tell run me through the production of that video. So that's my buddy Jim. He was in a couple. Videos of mine and I went to meet him and we went to Home Depot to try to get an apron to do a video there and we were told to just walk into the break room and steal one, and we didn't feel comfortable doing that. So I was like alright. Well, let's just go down, there was an ACME down the street. Let's go down there and do this roll video, because I hate seeing that yeah, you know it uh it just drives me crazy and I'll, be honest. I, never say anything when it comes to the rolls I mean yeah, so you're, not patrolling in your free time right. Certain things. I will speak up, though, like in a lot of my videos. I I speak up. It's because it's how I feel like I'm very feel very passionate about that certain things like littering or you know someone hitting a doll or mistreating an animal, but anyway we went in and he was super nervous Jim because he hasn't been in a video in a while and I. Remember making his eye black I wanted it black her, but he was shakin putting this ink on his eye. But I guess it looked black enough because you know when, when I said, I'll even you to [ __ ] up people understood what I meant his nervousness was so III was for sure, like the look that he gave. You was so genuine I thought for sure was real and I thought I'm gonna, be honest, I thought you are a huge black guy or something that wasn't like a mobility, a scooter or something and you stood up and just scared. The [ __ ] out of him well yeah. The way I was holding my phone I shoot all my videos on my phone. It did look like that. It's like, after we shot it when he laughed at the end. I'm, not a failure I'm like man. How no and I was like you know what like there was people watching us and by the way we did by the roles he sniffed. Oh yeah, very good. You didn't become the PERT, the monster you despised and I loved the line. The role smells like [ __ ]. Now, how bland is that? What did was that improviser? Did you say tell tell me the role smell like [, __, ] I just said sniff him and he went with it dude what a legend and who's someone behind this recording who's that that's Kristen. Oh, my girl, she's chasing the dog, I creepy hi, you don't sniff rolls and put him back deal kids, dogs, babies and put them back no she's, not that person yeah. That would never work out between they tell you have a feeling if she was so it do. You fool a lot of people into thinking. Your videos are real, but it seems like you are so talented at making the semi realism kind of sketches that yeah I've had the steak is for taxpayers. That was the first one back in 2015, and that was the first viral video I made meaning like I. Remember, I can't remember like yesterday, because it was like so shocked: I posted it at like 8:00 p.m. and by 8:05 and had 50,000 likes wow. Are we talking about on Facebook or where and then but I and most of them, like the roll Patrol one take one take it's done. Yeah same with steak is for taxpayers so on so you're private right, you're, primarily on Facebook, because on YouTube I noticed the views are quite low. Yeah I really didn't focus on YouTube. They removed me I used to have a real big problem. Trolling people respond to every comment like it's one, yeah [, __ ], you, it didn't work out because it just makes people more mad and the same thing with Facebook I've probably had about five different accounts now and certain videos. They always go viral. You know and I learned my lesson, and so are you able to make money at all to people? Are you making money on Facebook I, sell merchandise, but now that Facebook has the monetization option which they didn't before mail there'll, be you know a huge potential to make money? Yes, so you didn't you weren't able to make money because those videos are old, but now you do have active Facebook page that you want people to come visit and follow absolutely it's. The Philly offenses Philly offensive well I! Think it's a goddamn, shame you're, not a billionaire! By now, I think you should be a billionaire I'm, being honest, skip their Millions and and do you find your videos get stolen posted around a lot now, if you go on Facebook and just type in the Philly offensive, there's so many that are, you know, posted and most people that I, you know if I might go, can you give me credit they'll, be like oh I'm, sorry, I didn't know it was yours, but people like worldstar and all they posted them countless times and yeah. You can't get ahold. People I mean yes, a whole engine of theft, they're really not even stealing rolls they're, just stealing videos which is arguable. Even worse, worse, yeah and can I ask you of all your videos, because I've only seen you have a lot of these little sketches, which is your favorite, which is the one that you recommend that we go watch now after this video is over. If you have one I would say, besides got milk the one with the drugs in an arcane yeah, just it real quick. The only people that were with me was the guy overdosing yeah Mike broke, oh and the guy who got kicked my buddy Pat. Oh other people were doing exactly what they were doing before. I asked him to be in a video, oh, my god, they were sold it. So that is that my reality, yeah legit there and one guy was running around. He kept screaming what the [ __ ]. Oh my god he's like. What do you want me to say I? Was he just keep saying what the [ __ ] hey? So is this whole concept like what's with them yeah? What is? How did you come up with the idea to pour milk in the mouth of someone Oh Dean I find that to be so specific. I am almost convinced me. It was real I, I, see I, think I seen a meme or something or no. No, it was a video where someone was overdosing on dust angel dust yeah and they somebody said you need milk for some milk and some yeah for the guy to get kicked in the nuts. Yes, that videos, my masterpiece, truly I, really appreciate that and I really appreciate you put me out there and I would say the best video to check out is: do you have health insurance? Oh okay, I love the titles, yeah I'm gonna. Look at that one um! Let me think I think we're gonna watch it right after this call. Cuz I want to know what I'm missing. Okay, so the the one I just posted I think it's it's about dog poop dog. This one was played on MTV. Did they pay today? Credit you? They did. They did not. They didn't pay, they won't mention. My name. I asked them MTV yeah. The show ridiculousness yeah, how can they show your [ __ ] and not even ask for your consent? They don't. Oh, no, no I got paid for that. Okay, okay, they want to plug, though you know why, because they wanted to all pretend like it was real. Probably right and they said their producer said we do not. We don't credit websites. Did they pay you fairly, you got a good nice little check from them. No, no, of course yeah I, don't man! What's your goal with with this stuff, you just want to continue like making sketches and comedy yeah I mean I. You know, I I've been doing it so long like I mean I've been doing it before social media just messing with people and then and then I found this platform where I've reached so far that I would love to, like you know, have something on Netflix or absolutely. You know something like that, but uh yes check out um, do you have health insurance and the other one is picket to [ __ ] up they're the best I'll think about that I was at the mall tear garbage? No, no, this is dog [, __, ], yeah I can tell that all these are inspired from your everyday life. Yeah, oh yeah, if I see someone letting their dog crap and they walk away, I'm saying something: how does that usually go down, probably more polite than what's depicted in the videos? I'm assuming or maybe not depends how I feel. Ah, yeah honestly, you know I mean I'm, not a tough guy, but when it comes to, like you know, you're gonna leave your dog crap on my payment and walk away like no you're gonna pick it up. I am with you a thousand percent I'm gonna wash these I'm gonna watch these segments. Lastly, let's plug we've got the the Philly offensive you can find JJ everywhere. People are found. Is that right, that's right! Okay to Facebook, you tell I, don't need to spread. I would like to keep in touch with you, I think you're, a hilarious, dude and I'm, trying to think of ways that I I want to pay you more than ridiculousness pay deal and I want to try to think of a way that we can work together. Hey man, that's another goal is to write for someone. So oh wow, nice. So, but if I'm guessing on what ridiculous paid you then I'll be then probably for like 20 bucks per sketch. Does that sound good? If I'm, trying to tell you more and finally well as a token of gratitude, I just I want to do something. That's you are you and your girlfriend they're interested in going on a cruise and I? Send you on a cruise or maybe a round trip to Shanghai we're just giving out gifts. You know it doesn't sound like I, like that's what you do to your enemy. Let me take you on a route. We were just looking up cruises: the guys found to 8:20 night cruise for $300 to China. So if you and your girlfriend should I'd be happy to front the money, [Laughter] everybody round-trip, all expenses paid no I, actually I value. You too much I want you around I want you. We can't afford you being in quarantine all right. That's right! All right! Well, JJ! Thank you! So much for the wonderful content. Thank you for calling us and thank you we'll be in touch I, think you're, amazing, dude and you're doing God's work out there. So thank you. Thank you. Thank you both. Thank you. Thank you all right. Thank you. God bless what a joy, what a treat the Philly offensive I have a feeling that is not the last time we will be hearing from him. He recommended these two videos I want to watch them. He recommended. Do you? Have health insurance I haven't seen either of these, so this is exciting. Try again dude you try again my man, you taking up you taking up two spaces. No listen, listen! Yo, they're here! For a reason they draw these lines here, yeah the PTO, the people that are organized and have common sense, yeah, listen! Yo! My man! Listen! You got health insurance. Why? Because, if you don't get in that [ __, ], car and report, your car you're gonna need it all right. Just get in the car. You're [, __ ] everything up someone's gonna want to park here, and they came un-fuckin'-believable they're all these they're. All these blinds for a reason. Not good, no, no! You must have sucked at coloring right. You know he. It's really just acting out the fantasy that we all have when we see someone doing something like that, and it's and I love it. It's cathartic! It's like a it's like the same energy as like curb kind of wounds like a cathartic like yeah. What we all wish we could say, mm-hmm very true. There was one other one here. It is pick that [ __ ] up all right, calm down. Let me know the same people yeah I'll, be right. Back baby Wow show up that minute. Yeah, hey, hey, hey, listen! You were here last week and you let your dog [, __ ], on my payment, the same you just did you need to pick that up? It's a chihuahua, okay, I! Don't care if it's a chihuahua or a [, __ ], Great Dane, when I step in it all right. I got kids in there when I bring it and step in and bring it in my house. The kids are rolling around in it. You mean okay, so you need to pick it. [ __ ] up, listen, you're, gonna, pick it up. I'm gonna, knock your junkie boyfriend, the [ __ ]. You really pick at your [ __ ], no picket, the latrine, oh yeah, it's bad with their hands yeah over people that are like so committed I mean the guy's. A genius he's got a talent he does. I could totally see a TV show well like I said: I am gonna. Do I want him. I want him to be I'm gonna. Do everything in my power, which is very little man I hope he doesn't run into Zach on that cruise I'm, sending them both on a cruise zach is gonna. Go on the cruise I can't get over the Zach Cruise story. Still in my mind, let's move on to our main. Oh I wanted to talk about this. Actually before we move on to my main segment of the day Wiki feet before we do. I wanted to show this really funny chain of events that happened recently. You guys saw Khloe Kardashian. She posted I paid partnership with Febreze. First of all, weird I mean who's twice, Febreze, even doing like influencer marketing. It's Febreze, it's not cool, you know what I mean, but here's she posts a picture, but they have like diamond covered bottles, yeah yeah, it's like rhinestone. What are you supposed to do with that? It's just bling bro! It's just like it's like just bomb its Febreze, it's for stoners and for hiding the smell of [, __ ]. You know what I mean so here she is on her bed with a bunch of Febreze. So I said when you [ __ ] the bed which, which was funny I, thought dude wipes. You know this is a company I've seen on Shark Tank, oh yeah, they make wipes for dudes and they call mitad and they said now is this is good advertising I it with like one hand, because I was holding Theodore or something that's? Why, like there's a period and I was like where's, our dude wipe sponsorship and they DM me and they said that they were down to sponsor me. I was like holy [, __ ] dude, weird: let's do I've, never I, don't think I've ever done a sponsored tweet because yeah we maybe did like one or two on Instagram, but that's it right. I did it a long time ago. Yeah I did not like that, though, where it's like Haley I. Remember. We did one for like the video movie or something I thought. I was off a video game. I, don't remember it was awhile ago anyway. So I thought this is great I'm going to do this with dude wipes. So this was the the end result was me on the bed with a bunch of nude, wives and I. Don't know if you noticed the detail here, a dirty wipe growth sexy you mean and it's titled now dude wipes has me covered when I [ __ ] the bed. Somebody paid me to do this. I thought it was awesome. Some people were wondering if you were wearing underwear and there yeah you can see my under. Can you I mean I was wearing boxers I wanted it to look I, wanted you to see as much leg as possible. Like her I got a fat thigh, bro, I'm, [, __, ] fat, but anyway lots of compliments on your legs. I think they were probably goofs. Cuz I got fat legs back. Maybe so, okay I'll take it. You know how to take a compliment. That's what this learn to take all that. Well, we tried our best to match it. So I think we did a pretty good job. What do you think yeah, but like going through this I mean this? This whole premise of this photo is so stupid, yeah and how much money did they pay her for this I bet you they paid her like half a million dollars for this Febreze I got paid, substan got paid substantially less I did this for the gifts, I think dude wife's got a better deal than the edge, then Febreze I don't get worried. What do you do with the rhinestone bottle like when you, when you're done? Do you use this Febreze with the crazy bottle or do you? What are you supposed to show it off in your house? Yeah I think it's designed to make you feel like you're doing your elevating the experience of masking the smell of [ __ ], because it's not a lady thing to do so. You compete Khloe, Kardashian and still be for breezing [ __ ]. She I hate them. I really do I'm, sorry and I. Just I just despise. This I really despise everything about this you're on a bed with Febreze bottles like who [ __, ] cares. God I mean it. Does it bother anyone as much as it bothers me this photo? You know it's so stupid. Why is Febreze what the campaign doesn't make sense? Why is Febreze the caption? What's the caption I'll tell you for Twitter right now and it's all sponsored by the way way back. This is from before so this I posted on February I think it was February, 26, I, think I or the day before I think it was on Instagram. No, she posted everywhere for some reason, I I don't have a link to the original photos yeah, but it was so I do remember what it was. It was something like something like wow for Bri imma, for Brees partner for life. I can't believe how great it smells and I just squirted all my bits for like squirting on your bed or something okay, which is why my joke was so funny. Regula Paradis, so you found it yeah, so you wanna go ahead and read it 1 million and 100 likes. Who would like that poster I mean genuinely even if you're a fan of her but listen to the copy like D. It's like haunted - like she cares so little about her. Like her audience, she thinks there's such sheep that she it's so obvious. She didn't write this and yet people still liked it. Listen to this I mean it's pretty just like transparent that it's an ad. She didn't really try to make it, but why would you like what you've engage with this heart? The best ever I've used at Febreze fabric on my bed for years? Try it out, and let me know what you think crowned king of a crown hashtag Febreze partner, forever buy my favorite scent at, but I don't find it particularly dumber than about this photo here. She is in the Swiss Alps with Febreze she out on her balcony. Getting, but but breeze, do you need in your house? Why is there a breeze everywhere? What pisses me off more about not just these advertised posts, but just always the comments from like not just her in particular, but like mega superstars people on the level of her yeah he's just looking at like the top responses like from like I guess, I have to be logged in to see cuz I just see the plebs Kim Kardashian and her sister I need that rhinestone bottle you've been using this forever neat freak, so I. My theory on that Dan is that that comment is part of the disk part of it yeah, probably at least from her but like OMG. This is iconic I use. It too I think they're all paid to say that which is actually even more insidious because they don't I. Don't think you need to disclose, would that be Rossum if they had to start disclosing and they go oMG I need this - hashtag, add I, don't think the comments are paid for, but I think it's their way of supporting each other because they know I. Would anyone say? Oh my god, I need that foot breeze too, because there is it pouring oh yeah, Wow yeah, it's like mega porn I want to look good well too bad. You got a show to do. Wait, it's dude! It's so loud. Is it like anyway boring? No, it's gnarly! It's like really coming down. I, don't know II! Think in here it was so exciting they hold on. So we we hear it on the mics yeah. We'll definitely hear that oh yeah yeah -, what's like a low, Rumble, I didn't know there was expected so much rain. Um anyway, I was saying I, don't think the comments are paid, I think they're just supporting each other girls party girls. What about the sisters? So here's a photo of her she's. Here's a photo of those who reminds me of the Tyra Banks write your own Vaseline. This one is even worse: it's because the Vaseline you can carry with you and you like. Take it out. It's a beauty, product kind of rabies. What do you do with this? It doesn't look good, it's not like I would live it out for decoration I, just can't cook I'm. Sorry, you guys this just bothers me a lot. Hmm Febreze I mean how much would it be expensive to bedazzle whole bodies, a full body of Febreze and all that's inside is like [, __, ] water with chemicals in it all right, so dude. Why shut up - dude wipes? Thank you. I thought we did it pretty good and I stoked to get paid to goof on Chloe Clair, -, Ian, Clark, - Ian another in other Twitter news, Oh, Jay Simpson. They thought it was impossible. I was challenged by someone to get blocked by OJ, Simpson and I frankly, didn't think was possible because every response on all of his tweets is just relentless clowning on him and so I figured there's no way. He even goes into the comments, because it's just so brewed, but here we go I- was blocked by OJ Simpson. He posts himself in front of Costco. He said coronavirus, who's, afraid, he's got a mask on and a shopping cart full of toilet paper and I was like oh J. Wait. He had the toilet paper. Yes, he's one of the people, okay and I, said to him. Well, statistically, I prime a have a better chance of being killed by you than the virus, because you know in my age bracket, I, don't I, don't think many people died, but OJ has killed two people at least so two statistically, he is more deadly to me than the virus. I thought it was a valid observation to make and OJ blocked me. So there you go I achieved the impossible, Oh Jay Simpson I'm on his kill list. Now, yes, okay, we uh well I'm sad I can't be with sweets anymore, so you guys are gonna have to keep me updated if anything goes on there, nope dude alt for all these people blocking you I can't manage all these I can't manage all these Twitter accounts, but uh the people have spoken Eva and as 238,000 like, so it's a hit on Twitter yeah. Oh is Jake Paul, but they've all blocked me unprovoked. It wasn't what I mean what I mean by incidents I think there was I, showed you one. Oh, that I tell ya I, just don't think you realize that he blocked you at the time. Right, probably relegations, probably the relentless mocking for three years straight. Well, that could be true. I'm, not sure. I would probably block me if I could can I block myself be good. Hila blocked me last night in real life, I mean apologies, so that's exciting. I was kind of proud. To be frank, then the woman and, what's funny, is that you know he read it. So it's funny he's like I, already thought this guy got me good or he's like man idea. I didn't, kill anyone. No, he knows he killed. Someone he's like damn. Everybody just wants to talk about that I murdered two people and not that I'm buying toilet paper from Costco. Isn't it so crazy that he's just out cruising around and joined life? Yes, it is Tom. Segura left a funny comment: I posted on Instagram and he goes he's like excuse me, Oh Jay, Simpson was acquitted in a court of law, show some respect and people were all like I guess who didn't know who Tom was really he's. Joking to calm down, I can't believe you're defending OJ is good. Aids will anyway Oh Jay, Simpson blocked me. That was very epic and before one more thing before we get to wiki feet, you uh I have one entry for worst tattoo. As you will note, ela has a very strong opinion that bent Kathleen has the worst tattoo in the world and this one our subreddit, it's someone they have zippers on the back of their leg. That opens up into a camo pattern. I don't understand it is so bad. Why do they have a mall under their skin I? Don't know the zipper is so ugly too I. Just I don't get the the message, the message in their skin like what does it mean the skin is over the camel? Is the skin there cam out there pretending to be human, but they're actually they're, actually a soldier. Actually a soldier I, don't get it because soldiers have skin to the heart of a warrior. It's really sophisticated and it's also wearing flip-flops, which is a very warrior. Ass, I'm, just saying: wait, that's a sheet! You know what do you mean? He that's like female right that makes it even worse. I agree laugh at the bottle. Where's it stop the bottle. I think this one is might be the worst really, oh, don't make any sense it's so it's so ballsy I mean so bold and it's so nonsensical. It's huge! It's ugly, still getting images by the way. How did this end up in the Getty Getty Images archive? So this is another celeb. No, no way I should get everything man. How was this a Getty Images archive I, refuse to believe that also I think the Ben Affleck tattoo kind of Lee headed out of the what was under the green part, Oh interesting um since I kind of heard his story that it didn't actually lie about the tattoo. His writing is kind of changing. For me, you just feel bad for him. Yeah. You saw yeah he's in tough shape that poor, Ben yeah tough shape, and he actually seems like an okay guy yeah. You know he's an alcohol well, whatever I, don't care, I'm, not I, don't care about gossip and, let's see youtuber, of course, been a lot down I'm all about it, but, okay. So because to me that was one of the factors he lied about it yeah yeah and I thought that was so funny, but once I understood it was like sticking it to the paparazzi people yeah. Those can't blame him for doing the visit, um yeah, so um. But what is this tattoo mean this one is way uglier and actually you cannot really hide it even like as a female she's, gonna wear I mean she's. Wearing short pants in the summer, she thinks it's awesome. Well, you know what she does she's trying to appeal to some like she's, probably in like Arkansas, and she wants some redneck to think. That's the coolest thing ever some Budweiser drink and redneck don't want to mount her like a stallion. Someone will think that it's the coolest thing ever right. There is someone for that to to and I just and I just I'm not trying to get I'm. Just saying you know, I don't have to put this, but you know whoever thought this tattoo was awesome and you know whoever got this tattoo. You know who they vote for political I'm. Just saying I just think it's interesting, but you, but don't you find it interesting. You know, did somebody who would [ __ ] this and think it was awesome with both Trump and I'm, not saying that's a bad thing, it's just. You know using someone that would mount this with vote. Democrat ever am I going. Is this funny or abettor stupid? Then you telling them we're not going? No, it's not meant to be cheap shot. You think it's mmm! It's not that funny, I guess mmm cheap shot, no good yeah! Are we in revolt yeah? You asked no I want the honest truth. I don't want to know if I should abort or personal board board's acting in you guys all think abort step up guys come on yeah board. But do you agree it's funny? It's funny. It's not funny! I like it I, don't like it, I, don't like it. I, don't like it. I like it. I like it I like it, everything I like country, I, don't know way to call. Can we just talk about it too? - I want to talk about feet, especially all day to talk about this feet. Well, here's affair. What do you think of this? One ice room show I promise. It's again the show I problems with doing a show, keep it wholesome and light okay, but I just thought I was like you know what nope yeah. Okay, let's move on. Let's talk about Wiki feet, which is what we've all been waiting for now camel and a zipper in the back of the leg. You know what I wish I wish that whoever made Wicky fit would make Wicky tattoos mmm rating of the table. You can't you have, because you can pee it off two feet and therefore it's more popular, of course, so there's a site called wiki feet now blows my mind. First of all that this site exists, it's a Wikipedia dedicated. You can find any celebrity big or small pictures of their feet on this website and apparently has a very active community because they have like a whole catalogue. I mean it's so dedicated. For example, I, looked myself up and I'm thinking to myself, I have never I, don't think I've ever shown my feet. I say: I can't recall one time. I've ever shown my feet on camera. Yet when I post it up, these guys sought it out click on every photo and sure enough. I was like oh yep, yeah and but like here, this is like today. Is the money shot, but are you sure that people are jerking off to feet? Why else are they on wiki feed? There there's no reason for this website to exist. If they're, not masturbating, I, don't know guys guys speak up because the men there's no women masturbating on this website. Only men are sick enough to do this game. What what damn I? Don't know about that? This is your look at your own wiki for gay men. Women would never masturbate to this I'm. Sorry, you can call me judgmental a woman or would not come here and masturbate to a man's feet. I, it's gay dudes, we're gonna, get multiple emails. Now dude, no, no emails, I'm, calling it. It may be. Like I'm, saying 99% men on this I'm, just saying guys, we'll only disgusting enough people on said jerk off the feet, maybe I, don't know I mean it's all. It's all bizarre to me. So it's hard for me yeah! So Zach do you have a thing for feet? I feel like Zach might know. Not in the end be honest with me and don't lie to me: no I! Don't really get it! I gotta, be honest, I, don't get it I kind of hate, it I, don't hate feet, but I start like an aversion to it. Yeah, but I'm. Certainly not into it I, don't definitely like not look at it. I kind of avoid looking at the sobolik, so I'm, not a sex I by any means, but people have gone through my videos and found this specific frame where you can see my foot the best your ratings, pretty good dude. Look at that well, whoa I, have to in Milan over four stars. I have to admit that I am so it's a four-point for it. There's a lot of well you'll, see I mean I I'm wow. That's some nice feet, man! Well! Thank you very much. Dan I take steroids. Writer, III Frank I do I, do think. I have nice feet if I may say so. Here's what confuses me about all of this so and I guess we'll we'll see as we continue I'm so baffled by all this I I, don't even understand the rubric like I am not really sure what makes a foot nice like. Obviously, if it's like really then I think women can be pretty judgmental of feet no, but they don't jerk off to feet. They don't masturbate to. But you decided that this is a jerk off website. I'm, not sure that's true Wiki feet. Are you bro I think that women are voting here? Why would any woman come to this site just for a hobby? Why? What are they doing here? These are dudes with their hand on their penis, jerking off I'm, I, I'm, so sure I'm, so sure you guys have to see what I'm talking about backstage I see what you're talking about, but I think they. You would be surprised that it's not the only thing happening here. I could only give to know who's been on the side. You know what I mean I would love to see the demographic. How many ratings do you have? Oh, it's only 15 votes. Wait. Where do you see the votes? I, just I pulled it up it's on the top right, but that's a lot for me right who's. Coming to my page, I, don't know! Where do you see this on the top right of the website? My rating stats 15 total vote. Oh yeah, here no I have no 1 or 2 stars. That's pretty good yeah, a lot of average people say I'm just average, so about 8, 5 stars, that's very good! Ok by the way, and by the way, by the way you have to login to vote. So these are people who have an active yeah, so I'm just saying: there's this and there's no reason just wrote: no! No! No! No! It says you have to again Wonka here. Let me refresh just to prove it Oh. What they just I just saw that uh I'm on your page. The suggestive one is PewDiePie and he has almost a perfect score. Yes, so what I've noticed about it is. Let me just go computed by here. There's a lot of foot shots I! Think it's really just based on how attractive people find them I, don't think it really has aimed to do with their actual feet. I could be wrong, but PewDiePie. Here's a 4.96, you'll notice throughout this- that some people have a 5.5 and I. Don't know how that's power, but some people I yeah. How could you go over five you'll see that? Oh? Is it six stars in total? What no? It's? Fine you'll see, but let's see I mean how would you rate those either yeah I mean yeah. Nothing, no weird hits shapes, but I think you had a lot of feed. Pics did I think, oh so many people's jerk to this. So many right. So anyway, let's get off. Felix he's not part of the game plan. So then I says okay. Well, obviously, eva must have one witch, but then I was like. I also never show my there's no weight. You know ever showed her feet like I'm on Cameron way, more dude. Look on me feed pics. There are view ela crazy. It's from your like look. You have a hundred of five ratings. People are jerking off to your feet, 105 ratings and it for some reason. On the female side. It doesn't say this specific number, but it says you have four and a half stars: oh you're, right, beautiful beautiful. Maybe they don't want body, shame the women, but look how many feet shots there are the shoe size. Seven us is that accurate, seven, seven us wait. Um do you? Do you want me know: um, oh I can edit it. You want me to correct it here. I can change it is this I mean I'm, assuming women's size right now, I'm, nine you're, nine, okay, we've just updated it, but you gotta be like me. Oh, you know, like yeah I love that anyone can change it. Can you believe how many feet photo yeah? But you know it's not that many they take like screenshots from one thing, I know, but still and you've got a hundred. This is your fault. Those are your Instagram stories. Oh my I'm, not thinking about you, your feet are in the shot and let me see wait where's the money shot like if I'm trying to jerk off your feet, which is the one I. Was there mmm? Probably one of these huh Hey, look how pregnant I am and I know. I would probably jerk off to this one cuz you sounding like someone that would almost jerk off to fit I'm just I'm, yeah, well, I'm. Putting my mind, you know I'm putting my mind, then. Maybe this one too. It's like a weird like there's like a weird like so weird corpse fetish. Where is this? What is god it's from our dumb products? Video right, I'll see there. You go mm-hmm, yeah, I, jerk off to your feet. Okay, so but then I'm like okay, mean you're on there dj khaled I look up next dj. Khaled three he's got a three so dj. Khaled they've got all his feet and then I says to myself: okay, John, Jafari, jontron, I start looking at my friends. Poor John he's got a three point: three, not many shots. Here's one! You can't really see much yeah, but this one. Oh, you can't really see anything well, they've they've stamped in with the three point: three. They said no to John's feet. Then I look up items. Idubbbz is one of these beautiful feet. It has over a five and I. Don't know how that's possible. He has a 5.3 five out of five I. Don't get that yeah? What that bothers me, this website is not making any sense. It throws it all in the questions you know, but limp, but okay, his feet are so much more beautiful than mine. Let's have a look so if I was jerking off to his feet, which one when I choose of this one for sure he'll discuss time, it's kind of a weird look I feel like my feet, are more beautiful than his. Why does his good? Why does his feet get a better rating than mine, I? Think people are just here's a good shot on the bottom left, a you jerk! Well, no I mean where you can really not that one, this yeah, that's where you can really see his fit. Nobody see people who drink off to this. It won't like the really [ __ ] disgust to him, because I think the foot fetish. That's according to you, I, listen, I! Think it's about the fact that it's disgusting, no I, don't think you even know what you're talking about all right keep looking right in and say he was right and he was wrong. Okay, everyone tell me what's up with his foot: [ __ ], but I think my feet are more beautiful than Ian so they're and he's a 5.3 five. Well, he seems to have hacked the system or something extraordinary. So we we are accusing in of sabotaging his wiki feat for sure, possibly buying votes, yeah. Well, I, wouldn't put it past him. He is vain like that. Philip DeFranco, wiki feat, a three point: six eat it: Philip Wow, I, use alike. Why he looked jacked his legs like jacked. Look at him! Let me get a look at his feet. Let me see you. Yes, he I gotta, be honest. Philip I, probably wouldn't masturbates here please. If that was my thing. Just being honest right, it almost looks like it's kind of been off like the two onions back in that picture. Wow. Oh, it's a good yeah, so Philip DeFranco has less beautiful feet than me, I'm happy to say owned own. Thank you. Dan Daniel came for a friend of the show, obviously 4.6. Now this I'm gonna have to login to Ray to one cuz. Who is it? He has seven votes. Yeah I'm star yeah, this came star, his name's Daniel, oh yeah, no I didn't know we're. Gonna have to luck. Can we Brigade his wiki feat? It's only seven votes. We could swing this okay, so Zach and in and Dan I want you guys to log in a wiki feats and give him one star: okay, yeah I'm, just getting on it. No I'm on that back is a 4.6. I mean come on yeah they're, not bad feet. Honestly, III I'm, not gonna hate on the guy I would I was squirted on him on his feet. I can't even see this for you. This one I was in the bottom they're, not that bad, pretty regular, yep they're rigged I'm not gonna hit on his feet. You can hate the man but love the feet. I've learned that through life of law, so then jennamarbles starting to look at the females. Jenna Marbles has a perfect five star rating. Oh I actually only pull this up because it's too weird but I wanted to show like this Oh God or she you did like her, oh no, and that that's how you get a five star now, that's hot, that's actually terrifying. She has a lot of feed pics man, look at Jesus Jenna! That's pretty funny, though. Oh no wonder: she's got five stars she's, given the people just what they want. You know what I mean like damn and I. Don't look to launch of that because it is weird cuz. We know her, but now I want to get funny. Okay, we know all these people yeah, but it's weird cuz you like I'm, obviously joking. What to do is but I feel like people spend a lot of time on Jenna's jerking off, not me I'm, not into that. You know I'm, not. Why would I do that? She has 700 votes, so this is like a high traffic page. You know so there's that so now, let's say: okay, Shaq, hmm Shaquille O'neal funny he's getting hated on he's the lowest rate. I've ever seen. One point one: you guys what 11.1 was looking for more I figured because he famously has like massive feet. So it's Getty Images they own everything and, oh, my god, yeah. That's what I understand, though it's just like him. People that are into feet don't like big feet or something I would assume. If you were into a foot fetish, you would want to see you like, like a big foot, you know like anything like I, don't think that's too large it could fit. Look at this he's got a one point. One everybody agrees. He has awful feet like everybody who's in the feet, everybody who knows anything about feet. Here's some poor, won't Asian woman, his foots the size of her whole body, but they're, not it that bad for, like a one-star, is that's what I'm saying it's no I agree. It seems super harsh I, don't know what the frig normal! Oh, those are hideous. That's bad news right, almonds! Dude, wait! There's comments! Yes, scroll down! Wait where? How do I scroll down bro, there's comments? Oh I've been missing that there's comments. Top comment, I feel nauseated. Looking at his feet from the looks of it, he seems I've been stuffing his feet and his shoes way too small one of his big toes is leaning too far over like it may have been crushed inside of shoes. Then there's the fungus infected, big toe, which caused him to have no toenail, absolutely hideous nasty vomit inducing these look like FEMA I was about to say this dispels your theory here. Wait. Why cause her name's foxy feet? Yeah that looks like I. Don't got a guy am I gonna click Oh, her use, afraid she's a user rating. It shows one-star ugly feet. She did talk. No, no I! Think that that's! Oh, that's her rating, a fan yeah exactly- and this is like a comment that was left along with that rating. Wait now I got to I need to go tonight, name that cramming big feet is so I or is so common ruins, otherwise large and beautiful feet along is a prime example of this. So see I'm starting to get a sense of see. There are just criticizing the Fate, but they don't like the cramming yeah. So we need. We need to get big beautiful feet that don't cramp that's the objective. Americas like I got to go back and see if there's comments on like years anyway, there was I, wasn't gonna point it out, but well, let's see it. Why weren't? Oh god, they're links? Oh no, that uh! Oh I got a feeling. Ethan's gonna be roasting. This site down the line. Here we are oh [, __ ]. This was from four years ago took us a while man I'm surprised, -, it's not wait! That's November! 16Th of last year I mean I was really sick. Steen and I uh well usually put the year last and yeah. The order is weird, but it's. This would have been made a great HD video, no way Eli's this a seven and that's true I'm tall. Okay, these people are so dedication size eleven at least yeah, oh I, didn't I, told you bro, didn't I tell you. This was the one that I would jerk off to this person says foot artist, I feel like I've completed my journey on this site and they tagged this photo. That's the one they nodded to. That's ela I totally called that. Oh then this is the other one. I cut I called out there saying. Where are these words this picture from? They want to know what rape dungeon I don't know what to tell you would have loved to serve under her command with feet like her she'd have had no trouble keeping me in line I'm telling these are dudes jerking off you, okay, but I think one comes to the guys. I think girls well actually commenting on the aesthetic of the foot, regardless of what your name right. Let's look into it, but this comment says your savior. Thank you so much his gorgeous long time, Oh gross. Do that's 2017 that was 2016. Wow, wait! So wait now, I gotta see the comments. I'm fine, oh my god, I wonder. There's got to be no comments right, yeah, there's no comments. Huh I just gave chemo one star by the way. Meantime we check his rating. You shouldn't know you. This process is wholesome. You shouldn't you shouldn't do that. He says the four points. - no I was kidding. I said he took it back. I took it back, they still have four point: six. Maybe it takes a while [ __ ] is gross all right. Get that off me. Let's move on to the funny things: okay, now everybody's on here, Oh, actually Trish, uh, Michael Phelps has a weirdest feet ever and yet people love him for point eight yeah. This was the other thing that confused me. It was like he had the weirdest feet ever bro. Look at this photo look. How look his feet! They look like fingers huh. They look like skeletons yeah I thought to light him up, because I knew that about him. He famously has like, because Y is like the best swimmer in the world, yeah his feet and his hands are like massive they're like paddles. It's. Why swim so fast? Oh my God. Look at this photo and tell me you wouldn't nut like made for four feet fish so anyway, people do like his feet. So what are the comments here? Because it's literally a bunch of women I, don't think so. This is a dude good. Swimmers have good and big flippers and Phelps are some of the nicest big feet. I've seen telling else need to be manicured better, but otherwise beautiful shape. Now that I think of it, one of my exes was the swimmer and had the most beautiful big feet. I've seen his toenails were much. This is a gay dude, we're much better manicured and toes were thicker. It has a male avatar, it's just the default yeah yeah, okay and here's a picture of a dude I'm, sorry, but the tops of his feet are terrible. Yeah cuz people are picky on. Oh, my god. This is just so weird you guys I would like he was my very first heavy foot crush after all these years, I'm still totally fascinated and hypnotized by his giant elves. This is a gay guy. That's from young foot lover now. Can we all agree? Okay? Yes, this is men. These are all men, I mean I, think in Michael Phelps case it is okay, fine, let's agree on that point yeah. So now we're moving on I, say: okay, they have everybody on this website. I want to put that to the test. What does everybody mean? Well, let me show you Charles Manson has a wiki feed page one star based on this one photo, but they found it. Charles Manson has a feed pic and they found it. Can you believe, Harvey Weinstein is no bucky feet. He actually doesn't have a one star sum, but he has four believe it or not. Kirbo are five star ratings. Well, but ultimately he has a 5, a 1 point 5 and here's Harvey on the beach. A paparazzi photo only comment disgusting feet for a disgusting human being crap, but why does Getty Images even on these like what? What is wrong with Getty Images? What the f is going on with Getty Images my whole business, they own paparazzi photos of Harvey Weinstein on the beach, hello, who's, consuming these the media them or whatever you know, Wow Trump has a 1 star rating there's only one known picture of his feet he's sitting on a throne of a swan in a white suit. This is a bizarre photos. The thing I've ever seen. That is very strange he's. No. This is just so weird and he's got bad feet apparently, so you won't really want a president with one-star feet. Okay, let's, let's put it this way without getting political Donald Trump has one star Joe Biden. On the other hand, let's see what Joe Biden has no results: oh no Joe, okay, but then, let's look at Bernie ya, know: Joe um, Bernie, no Bernie, Sanders, Wow, I. Think Donald Winston cuz, he's long when we brave enough to take my two fellas by default yeah but Obama, you know check out Oh, Boehner I bet you as a really high rating, all I'm saying. Let me open up Charles Manson's Mia. Let's see Obama Barack yeah yeah, you know he's a he's, got a four point: eight Wow good! Look at this feet: yeah yeah you like that dude, okay, mama come on. Oh yeah, I did he's done killer he's got some killer feed pal, oh yeah, look at that! You got that she's a shot of his feet. There's nothing else in there. It's awesome! Well, you guys give me a minute. I've seen those pictures of him like paddle surfing, like just all. Just all ideology and politics aside, like the contrast between, like just the [ __ ], blob of a human being, that we have scuse me we're not getting political whoa I just got bitched out. You can't say that about our dear leader physicality. Did you guys hear this fart? That Ethan just did oh I thought that was a drop. Was that really loud it was loud? It was loud. It was loud enough that I thought it was Zach doing a drop yeah. It was like Wendy, well, Wendy I just got so excited, so we've got Harvey Weinstein we've got Charles Manson we've got louis c.k, let's see what his feet have for louis. They follow yeah I'm, not trying to put him in the leagues of such, but he doesn't fortunately have a one point four rating and you can only see those you can't see anything. So do you think this is an unfair rating for Louis. We need more data, yeah yeah, more data required Bill Cosby has a wiki feed page and Bill. Cosby actually has a nice set of feet, photos and despite his crimes, he has a three. So, let's have a look, I mean these are some really good chief pics man. Look at that! You don't there's a lot of foot pics of you boy, look at that one they so crunched together. It's probably let's bring him down to score a little yeah yeah. That's not a good look here! Wrinkled yeah well Bill's on here, Vladimir Putin has a wiki feed page. All right and you'll be surprised to know he has a lot o cuz. He does martial arts and and frankly, a pretty good rating. 3.6, hmm tons of Vladimir, Putin, pics and I have to tell you he's got kind of small feet. What does it say? Well, he's just he's supposed to be this man in a shoe size, 9 he's not really because in Russia they're, all about like hyper masculinity and he's a short dude with little feet, but he bought he's does karate. You know he rides around on horseback without a shirt on hmm. He makes up for it in other ways, I mean yeah. The dude. The dude shows his feet off mana. Actually you know what his feet look pretty masculine here. I! Think I've jerk off on those feet, give me the opportunity right, Dan, sure, Pol, Pot I, definitely even thought to look at the Pol Pot, the notorious mass murder, a wiki feed page one star, but here they are nonetheless whole pot there. He has killed millions and he has a wiki feed page man. Somebody can you met, I, mean to say it's amazing, Pol Pot as a wiki feed page incredible. Oh there's comments too. Who thought this was a good idea. He killed two million Cambodians but feet 5 stars I actually looked up, Stalin's he's not on here man. That's incredible! So Chet, it's a full pot! Guess who else is on here: Ted Bundy, that's right, notorious serial killer, Ted, Bundy, oh and they are hideous. The dude did not man. Oh yeah yeah. This guy's give me the creeps. Let's get off Ted Bundy, but he's on here one star. Ladies and gentlemen, Wow I'm feeling pretty flattered with my rating so far, yeah well, Alex Jones is on here coming out 1.6 and he only has one photo here. Look at them, I love his body type Alex, gums body type. Is epic there's some breaking news about Alex Jones? Do you see that no it looks like a pillowcase over stuff like a over self pillowcase go ahead? What's the breaking news? Oh, you was arrested for DUI last night. Oh, you know what I'm so not surprised, DUI what a [ __ ] douche bag I hate that that that's so shitty I wonder how drunk was he I, don't know any details. I just saw the headline this morning our Jones arrested for DUI Oh. What is this Kristen Perez? Look at this one. You know I have to switch the wiki feat: women yeah, like that's alavs, still image. You got it man. What has been diesel thing wrote this yeah I, agree: I, agree what oh yeah she's got one star, dang well VIN Vin Diesel. If he rated this I think he would. He would probably give it a you know she it's an image, Vin Diesel! She can't talk yeah! Thank you. Okay, that's what key feet so Pol Pot is on here. Wow is my favorite Charles Manson is on here. Oh Jared Fogle is on here. Ladies and gentlemen, Jared Fogle of Subway from an advert apparently of some sort, Jared Fogle, yes, the affected cereal agent, Marion subway and they cut all the frames. So what do you say about those feet? Huh, Jared Fogle. Ladies and gentlemen, once one point two, there was someone who was like you know what for they're, not that bad I can't lie here, Fogle and, of course, Michael Jackson. Who was that very handsome young man? He was [ __ ]. He was so fit. Look at that. That's a twink of I've ever seen one of my life, that's like the definition of a twink. It's such a shame. He was a so closeted gay. He could have been like such it. He could have crushed in the gay community. Do you know what I mean yo Oh? Everything is, if only he would have embraced the fact that he was just a beautiful twink. He would have had so much great gay sex. Look at those ABS I'm. He was such an incredible athlete the dancing. It was a very good looking before all the surgeries yeah, very handsome guys, oh I, would jerk off onto his feet. Everything is a shame about how he was thinking of himself thoughts on his feet, though mmm-hmm pretty gnarly. What's his rate, three low rating for Michael he's all over the board. Yeah. Look at that yeah, poor Michael, oh wow, he's got some crazy feet. Man, Michael Jackson, mm-hmm breasts and feet uh-huh. Well, that's it I'm on on wiki feet! I hope you learned something I hope you had a couple of laughs, I'm, sure that a certain percent of you have your dick out, an r-group man if you didn't drink off during the segment, your own. Looking for you right now. Promise me that if you do go, - boy keep eating jerk off that you'll come back and finish the episode at the very least I would like some emails to. Let us know if there's anyone who's listening, who is a member of wiki fit? Let us know what is the purpose of the website for you yeah. You can write an anonymously, podcast, hjs reproductions, calm! Don't identify yourself! Please! Well with that being said, we are at the bottom of our show, and you know what time it is. It is time for Dan to send the news. That's right, mega, doodoo, I'm, sorry, [Music] [Applause]. How come your desktop is so much more vibrant than my yeah. Oh, because I have a Mac, that's the colors are just better. It's like way more vibrant. What can I say you pay you pay a premium for those colors, so um welcome to the news. Everyone, it's good to be back! Thank you. I'm, lead story today, not really lead story. That's not really put in any particular order. You guys saw it right, mm-hmm, the first one either both of them. Yes, not the first one. Yes, okay! So what do you think? I mean? You know the actor that played penny wise bill bill, skarsgrd mm-hmm? You did a pretty good job in that role. Right, yes, and you know I, think to a lot of people. Tim Curry is the iconic clown from it mm-hmm, but to the younger generation. It's it's gonna, be bill and I'm happy to report that he's gonna be reprising. The role in another movie mmm it's coming back as penny wise. Once again, it's not a Stephen King movie, though he's going to be in Space, Jam too Jim still yep is that official uh, it's not completely official, but but there are substantiate ADRA's, laying the clown and patent and yes invasion. Space Jam 2, starring LeBron James in the that's stranger than Pol Pot having a wiki yeah, it's pretty strange and he will be joining some other characters which it seems. I, don't know what this movie is gonna, be I, guess the other rumor is that Jim Carrey will be in it as the mask. Oh, my god, he'll be vicious well yeah um! This movie has had a lot of problems. It was in development, hell forever, I think that they fired the director a few times. I think it's been delayed multiple times, probably going to be a design. I think they need good I, think it's time just yeah abort on yeah! Well, I'm. Looking forward to that, were you a fan of Space Jam, the original movie? You liked it! Oh, you have like a Space Jam shirt. I've seen you wear at one point right: I made a Space Jam, drawing I loved it at the time. I I have not seen the movie. You have not never seen Space Jam I, almost hate to admit it, but here at this iconic r.kelly a great Oh straight onto your foot. Oh Kelly, did it I believe I can fly right? Oh is it yes, all right, good, I didn't I thought it was so amazing that they brought like cartoon and real people. At the same time, yeah and I loved the Looney Tunes yeah yeah a lot growing up. So you know I had all that going for it in retrospect, not a good movie, really awful Michael Jordan can't act, oh and actually good at all, but as a kid it was quite fun all right, Oh continuing on in entertainment, news, you guys are familiar with Dolly Parton, of course right it's all apart and don't Lee pardon she's, a big I think so. Yes, you really you're not that familiar with her iconic country, music, yeah, oh yeah, so she very famously many many years ago was the cover girl to Playboy. It looks like he knew it 1978 to but I know you don't think so we thought you know. Zach knows, of course, that knows Zach was she nude in this uh I? Don't know how you gonna be on the cover of Playboy. Why not show them titties she's got as she must have yeah well, because the cover is different than the centerfold right. I mean well. Men are full of I'm, correct, no she's, not just there's other nudes other than the centerfold. Well, not anymore, apparently, yeah I know or the story is, is that apparently playboy is now woke. They stopped showing news. I do not realize, but I heard that they brought it back because nobody was buying. It really I. Don't know, though I'm not I'm, not well, if they brought it back, we're in for something because apparently she's looking to get back onto the cover she had fries. The roll ollie is 75 years old, now um. What a little I guarantee you she's on wiki feed. Do you want to? No? No, my pardon wiki feet. We're finding out no yeah. Well, she's got a 4.3 I. Have that's about what I have you and Dolly? Let me see that one with the. Let me see four: zero: zero, seven, zero, four, nine four that one yeah her feet smashed in there whoa going the wrong direction. Yes, not good! That's the shoe my own! Regardless! Don't wear! It doesn't look comfortable at all. What is a Vin Diesel think about about dog, yeah yeah? Of course he does he's a little bit more dog we're finding out today. Yeah he likes he likes feet. What do you think about Vin Diesel's feet? Hmm he's got to be on wiki feet, right, yeah, yeah, sure we've got a he's, got four point three. Well, let's have a look. Instead, let's take a look here. Four point: three yeah I've got I mean not bad he's got about the same rating with me, yeah, hello, veiny. Does that factor in you think I. Think people like think we're into the van I would guess that yeah, okay in the case of guys, okay. So what else do we have in the news Dan so finally, to round out Entertainment News? This one is kind of close to home, I'm sure you guys have heard, and we were all getting like a bunch of messages about it. -, oh our friend, post Malone, has been getting accused of I, guess not accused us in the right word. Um there's been an outpouring of concern that he has been abusing drugs based off of his performances at concerts which fun oh yeah, yeah, bro Crockett. This is Philip DeFranco, defranco's, Webb. Sorry, sorry, really, why don't you personally care just a lot going on? Yeah I've obviously been seeing a lot of this yeah. So people been posting, these kind of pictures right, videos of him so yeah, let's, let's have a look yeah, but there's music, I, think good good Zack he's picking up the mic lovingly I mean you can't really say he's just not doing it back yeah. In this case I mean he looks a little loopy but losing out when people are posting. This is the water Z I, don't think we should play the music, oh yeah good, so he's singing his eyes are rolling back, but then again he knows the cameras there he's performing directly to it for the eye mag, you know for the big screen and yes, what's now happened is going crazy, crazy people start emailing, you I'm a sick, dude right trust me he's so his his dad kind of got out there and said he's tired of this and posted a video, and this is kind of as soon as I started, seeing it it was kind of what I suspect it was like where videos from because of cotton. You know it's a concert he plays for an hour, where's where's, the rest of it and again, Zack I guess make sure this is muted, but you know here's the same show same show. Well as some of them. You know and he's playing he's playing. Guitar he's singing. Definitely that looks like a sober man to me right exactly and then he he actually directly addressed it at one of his concert to get worried for a minute when, because I got so many messages about it, when there's just that inundation yeah and everyone was freaking out, but then, when I saw his dad's streets, there's that one that you didn't show that was making the rounds where he was falling on the stage. I, don't know if that one's on there you felt like well, when I saw that when I was like dude he's, obviously just acting, not this right, the one where he it's not in this. Oh, how did road rocket dropped the ball on this one, but anyway he falls on the stage and he's singing I fall apart right house activities, obviously just doing theatrics, Denny's and I think most of these videos, where he had his eyes rolling stuff were from rock star. Where I mean it's literally, a song about doing pills and stuff like a rock star. So that seems to be the case at least that's. What he's saying is that he's fine he's serious I? Haven't heard, there's his yeah [Music] [Applause] [Applause], but I mean he seems pretty coherent, yeah saying all that he's not slurring at all. He seems pretty with it, so yeah I think I mean I can understand why people get worried. I'll say this about him. I, don't talk to him. I haven't talked to him in a while, hmm and his life's. Just so crazy I. Don't think he's on drugs in this moment. But I can you know the guys he has a crazy life, so I mean I, hope he stays responsible and stays healthy, I hope. So too what I mean there's certain you're one of the biggest artists in the world you're. What 23 years a young man you've got lots of pressures he's always on the road. I hope that, but he has you know what I always thought he was good people around him like his brother, is always with them. Who's, like so seems like he's. Okay. Yet, but you know everybody that was concerned in, but I do because I do uh. You know I do hope that I I don't have any concerns about him. I, don't know what I'm getting at well good right, ela people freaked out well yeah. It was crazy with Twitter like and just a couple people probably started it, and then it became this whole thing. It's a creative! That's thing! That's the insane! That's like the stand! The stand tality can I coined that term sanity I kind of liked. It again I mean you know there have been a spate of big rappers that have died. Well, that's overdoses in the last couple years. So that's obviously why people get concise. Why I express it in CERN, because yeah he's way bigger than all of them he's got a ton of pressure he's always on tour. He's always [ __ ] moving I haven't spoke to him in a while. So I can't speak, any I can't speak from any empirical place, but I just he doesn't live in Los Angeles anymore right! No right now, you know yeah. Obviously that makes it tougher. Well good, I'm, glad uh he, but in the time that I've known him, he was he was never abused drugs ever no. He only ever drank beer. You never touched anything else haven't ever anything else. Just for the record. I'll say that and I'm just he's never ever touched anything else. Then, when I've been with them, mmm go good to know dan. Is there anything else yeah this past Sunday was International Women's Day congratulation gradually low. Thank you they're men's day. I think some people would argue most days are men's day. Would argue that I don't know, point them out to me, but uh what do I get for women? Well, what I'll tell you what you get you get something I mean you may get a few things, but one set of people that are gonna be taking care of. You is the Shell Oil Company, because to commemorate International Women's Day, they temporarily changed their name from shell to Michelle, -, she'll -. She will know how awesome doesn't mine oil and shut up? How cool is that? Why there you go, this is who you ELA, Hey, hail empowered. You pump your gas just from there. She'll wow I want to blow up a gas station, make the future gender balance. Throw your at Gao station shut the [ __ ] up. Oh my god about you, so don't see it go, go, build a I, go build a couple of solar panels or something talk about shell yeah I would do a lot more good for the world than Allah. What do you think you're thinking? No one would ever care about this. Who cares well, that is they actually spend money like we went through all this trouble to do this three. You bring the stuff and put it on. You know whenever I see something like this I always just always think of the meetings in the marketing and all the money spent the time thought, and then they have to print all these shells to put over and then they have to take it off. I mean wow. That's a lot of effort for very little right. Now, it's a it they're all know you missed your opportunity on Sunday. They already put him and took him all off. It's not International Women's Day. We. Why would they, but that's probably not everywhere, to know in fact, I think it was very limited. This one was in San Dimas, though, which is uh not far from here, so we we could have gone, show look, I may not have to remember, but shall shale oil did so congratulations again. You did it and speaking of oil, the biggest point drop in the history of the stock market happened yesterday. What about time people seen this I guess would be two days ago, Monday, let's just say, Monday mm-hmm and the biggest one-day loss in percentage-wise since 2008 October 2008, which I can't really remember what was going on in October 2000. That was the housing crisis. Oh that's right! Yeah! Oh, when the economy collapse yeah, that was a good one. Yeah, that's so, but I will say so when they say that it's important to remember that the point system doesn't it's not comparable because there's and used to be expressed per percentage cuz. The points are higher right. That's what I was saying the persona. The percentage is higher. Well, the it's! The the biggest percent drop Oh since October 2008 Wow, how I guess actual point drop ever I see so yeah, probably basic deal. It was based on Corona, and also there was some issue with oils that right, yeah, so I guess there is a price war going on between and we also apply pact between Saudi, Arabia and Russia collapsed, and both countries vowed high-production are too close to Sal eyes right and so, oh sure, yeah I really wanted to talk about this, though, in all of these articles about the stock market. There's all these photos of like looking frazzled. What did you get? These I know Getty Images yeah? What what does Vin Diesel think about this phone yeah. Any tell me yeah. Tell me he's like an old Wolverine he's got like a Wolverine hair. Can you tell me? How is the market done today? Did it rebound uh so this morning it was fluctuating wildly, it was up overnight and then it dropped lost. All of that. But then, later this afternoon it looked like it was back up and at the moment it's back up significantly a thousand points wait what yeah well again and does this affect any of us in any way at all, uh well I mean. Obviously, if you have a 401k, if you have retirement in stock market, it affects you, have old brains, they'll be dying and they'll be perishing eyes. This virus spreads anyway. There's certainly that what happens to their money when they all perish the wait. Do we get it you talking about just old people in general, that I mean, like think about Corona wipes out all the old people trickle down we're good for the economy, old, trickle-down economics, yeah, Social, Security, all their money, trickles down to us, my friend, they didn't have much money. No, they do they've got 401ks, they hoard it, those old [, __ ], they hoard it. That's a good question it. If I had to guess it, probably what I'm trying to say is buy, because if this virus comes and wipes decimates, every old person trickle down less security. Okay, it's gonna help the economy. I. Think the main thing aside from the oil stuff is the supply chain disruptions which I I'm sure you guys are intimately familiar with for us all kinds of stuff through fresh and everything and everybody's feeling it right now so yeah we're going in yeah, I, think I think everything will be for a while. Now so we'll see what happens, we'll see how that develops, but well I wish the best to this uh. This dude on the on the Oracle here. I wish him well. Oh I hope he's having a better day today, I thought you somebody was having a better day. He had hair. At the beginning of the day. This guy is 20. My right old am I right. Nice, big news in the world of World Records mmm love, World Records on the show. Yes, we do the largest gathering of Smurfs everett's 3,500 people. They they braved hold and everything I. Just I was reading the headline and I just struck by Lices, says around 3500 Smurfs set aside their fears of Verona. What now did you uh? Have the Smurfs show yeah they're with it? Actually you liked it yeah. Now I wondered if they had it in Israel because kind of famously I don't know if you've, guy yeah, that's America conspiracy, theory I, think we spoke he's an evil. Wizard implication. No I, don't think Gargamel is a Jewish name. However, his cat, his little cat, is named Azrael, that's a Jewish name: oh yeah, Angel of Death God, but I can see that does have a big nose, magic powers. He loves gold, Hey kind of looks jewy in general. Do we know anything about the creator? Was he and Nazi? Was he in hell with this? Show all right, I believe it's Belgian originally, which does that mean for us, but the Smurfs are the good guys and he's the bad guy yeah. Oh wait. Wait! Wait! Yes, that's not good well for the, if you're buying into this idea that, based on a Jewish integer, so what is sold if we flush out the analogy the Smurfs are I. Don't care to follow it that much to be fun, identify personally with Gilgamesh, you feel you feel Gilgamesh wants to get rid of these Smurfs. We're honestly I just want a solution of this Smurf problem. You could say a final solution. Yeah I would say that it's a very big show in Israel, or it was yeah yeah I always hated it. As a kid me tell really I didn't really. Wasn't it too dumb, never capture my imagination, here's here's something that did capture my imagination in Colorado. They they know how to handle politics they have elected. You have to ban, is turning Parker. The snow dog sworn in as the mayor of Georgetown Colorado. Just take a look that is so epic. You know it's funny. He will probably govern better than most I loved elected officials. He rules look at this guy yeah, his own Instagram I'm. Now a follower of yeah, he looks official looks big. He is official. He is literally an official of so I'm assuming a lot of smaller towns. The he's been at Auburn he's gonna sign, bail, he's been a feat of yeah he's gonna set budget. Hmm, that's a good question about nobody, possible corruption, the snow dog, yeah and, but you know, has a good point. What this actually mean that this dog is an elected official I. My in tells me the mayor doesn't hold a lot of executive power in this particular town. Well, if it may be more of like a figurehead of sorts, I think in a lot of small towns, the mayor doesn't really do it's. Just a member of the community exactly yeah, it's just more of a figurehead like show up for a parade right, saying all right, and so he can fulfill that value the best way possible. Exactly if he's not doing a good job. Garcetti concepting, daddy Garcetti from your daddy and I, forget YZ all right. What else we got there all right, I got a few more. This is the only I know this has gone on for a while. So this is the only important one. There's a in Australia there's, this famous artist, who very controversial II, because I believe some governmental grants were given for that to help create this thing made this giant balloon called a sky, the sky whale and it had been gone for a few years, but it's back take a look at this thing. Let me know what you think of this looks like nipples, yeah sky whale returns looks like a bunch of nips, oh they're supposed to be legs, I think they're actually are supposed to be nipples. Apparently it [ __, ], freakiest thing, [Laughter], look out your window and seeing this fly, it's for all your listeners, there's a giant whale head and then like ten humanoid kind of like a cow like utters, almost those look like female titties yeah. It's uh apparently can fly it's a hot air balloon. This thing flies mmm. What is that Vin Diesel? Think about it? Yeah, it's true right, I! Guess some people just want a lot of nipples right. This looks like when you try to bake and it just completely goes wrong. So yeah I'm I couldn't find a video of it flying around, because I think they're still just testing it. I, don't think that thing I ever took off to play. I don't know man and finally, I just wanted to share this story. You know things are we're in a political season. Things get very heated, but just as a reminder of how much worse it could be, there was just elections in Afghanistan and I guess. The results unfortunately are contended. And now you have a situation where people are just acting like they're depress it had more so I mean one. The Electoral Commission says the incumbent Ashraf Ghani narrowly won, but was his name Ashraf Ghani my very positive thing that and the other guy's name. If the guy's name is Abdullah Abdullah, say it again: Abdullah Abdullah, what's his last name, Abdullah, it's pretty common and his first name Abdullah. Does he have a middle name? I, don't know I, guess what's his middle name, this is a good chance, so say all three of his names: Abdullah Abdullah, ah God I'm, pretty common, for. Why is that common? Why have they not figured out to change the name? Why do you need the same name twice, especially if there's so many people with the same name? Isn't the name to distinguish you from other people? It is deep! Okay, it says a lot about the culture yep think about it, because we value individuality here, hmm, but if you over there, you have two names. Let's say your name's Mohammed Mohammed everybody's over there names Mohammed how many people are Mohammed Mohammed. What's the point of having names and distinguishing yourself from other people, you're just gonna say: oh, my name's Mohammed Mohammed, you got a billion Mohammed Mohammed is running around there's no individuality going on a rant. Okay, apparently Daenerys. No look, apparently Abdullah only had a first name and demands from Western newspaper editors for a family name led him to adopt the full name, Abdullah Abdullah, so it was actually his own choice. What's your name? Okay! Well now, I want to know what's his middle name and I demand it. If he didn't have a last now, I, don't think they do me yeah yeah, but if the paper can get him to give a second name, then I demand a middle name and I want him to say it. So no, no! Well, it's not a thing. There's a lot about your culture. Well, what does it? First of all, there's a lot less Israelis, because in America let's say that in America there could be, like you know, a million Ethan Klein's. That's! But there's not many. What the same middle name is me, maybe one or even zero. I guess you don't really use the middle name. Well, if there's someone with the exact same name as you, it's helpful, I, don't know what is your middle name I'm, not gonna, say it on air. Really, it's the only thing. That's all you have it's Edward I! Think it's I think it's public I got very well! No! No! It's not embarrassing I go they don't every we've! Um we've said it actually, because it's how we came up with a h3h3 right yeah. It's we've said it before mmm Ethan Edward. So is there anything else in the news as we yeah just one last thing, this is less of a story and more I. Just I I found this so [ __ ] funny that just had to share you probably remember our old friend Representative Paul goes go. Sir bizarre sounds like a yes remember: getting go Zard. This was the guy with the family who made an epic political ad. Oh we're all learned on. Yes, we said with that. We call it getting go stars and go Zard. Okay, so yeah mr. Kozar I won't talk in specific, he get goes are did well. He got something he may may or may not be in quarantine right now from oh, no, he got goes RT, no sorry, and then he tweeted this been thinking about life in mortality. Today I'd rather die gloriously in battle than from a virus. In a way it doesn't matter, but it kind of does I saw this tweet and he did it along with a picture of what appears to be an ancient Chinese all rattle right. You know, I saw this tweet and I didn't realize it was gozar, but now I understand why his entire family and something else I noticed about this is his tag. Is dr. Paul Gosar he's not a doctor? Well, so I was curious, I looked it up and he's not a medical doctor he's a dentist. How do you feel about dentists? Did you have a degree? Well, I believe you do need a type of doctorate to become a dentist. So it's fine, it's I'm tied then tie if you have a doctor's degree. It's like a little bit of doctor Envy right, like I meant, don't I, that's a Seinfeld thing. Well, if you say is anyone here a doctor and then the dentist gets up. It's like. Don't yell, not you right! No, but a doctor is a it's a title. I know I, know, I, know, yeah I think he deserves doctor. Do you think it's helmet how many years of school do you go to for the dentistry me? It's the same amount, hey! That's a good question, not years - yeah, my instincts! Isn't it well, let's see, and then we in decide does he have a doctorates? I mean that's really the question four years four years to become a doctor is like eight wait hold on hold on. You know what you must. There must be some further dentistry school. You can do optionally, maybe just say sorry: you can they had a doctor in four years Google this, our dentists, do dentistry at degrees, yeah right their doctorates, a DDS and in DMD degrees, are considered equivalent. The majority of dental scores award the DDS. However, some award, the D MD I'm, assuming the MD is the is the me MD is doctor right then there's some broke-ass for his Doctor of Dental Surgery and Doctor of Dental Medicine. So he can prescribe medicine everything. That's a dog if you can prescribe medicine your dog, okay, fair enough, I won't take that away from him, but but in talking about that glorious that time, I was gonna say that being said, his whole family did make a hate piece against them. Anyone by the way yeah he did when he's in Congress he as a representative. How do you win when your whole family makes the head piece again like listen? Nobody knows this guy better than Oscar his whole family. Do not vote for him any still a little crazy and and that's it for the news today. Well, thank you for the news and thank you. Dan, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Friday Tricia's, coming in oh yeah, it's gonna be great. So do not go stay at your computer until then. Alright, thanks for watching everybody, thanks for watching you [Music].