To welcome everybody to the world's greatest show we spend countless hours prepping and putting together the greatest show imaginable in a mere two and a half day twice a week, unbelievable. What we achieve here welcome my co-host, the beautiful thank you voluptuous voluptuous in some ways, I think in some ways your voluptuous, your personality's voluptuous. You have other voluptuous features that I don't want to embarrass you about. There's some Vlado embarrass you, but she's here with us, is the terrific, the voluptuous uh Dan Ian in Zach. Thank you everybody. Today's episode is sponsored by quip and Teddy fresh today. We've got a surprise that guys put together a surprising me. That's making me nervous they're all in on it, and they won't tell me what it is. It's something I'm gonna eat apparently and something that's gonna get more putrid as time goes by, so I am motivated to get to that quickly. I have to tell you I always have bathroom stories. No, no, that one I think somebody took a dump in the urinal. What I swear to god, no I think you're right. I saw it too I think somebody would dump in the urinal I haven't seen that since oh that's great and they clogged it, do you know how that happens. Like I've walked in on a kid taking a dump in a urinal. Well, there's some yes, I mean I, don't know somebody took a doctor. Whoever would do that. Use your imagination I'd like to think that it wasn't an adult, but it's crazy. When you see it cuz, they have to it kind of makes sense in a weird way like if your kid, because you kind of just squat over it, really just take a dump like that. But it's it's shocking to walk in on that. Let me tell you, because even a small child knows you don't get there, but so be it I mean I was call you out on that story, but then then verify I'm, glad dank robberies, I'm, suspecting Ian, of course, of doing yourself. Ian has a track record Dean. Did you poop in the toilet, I can't confirm or deny? Why are you not on the screen? I'm wondering why you're already pissing around so that's exciting. This pooping are us in our journal. I was about to unzip and pee in that urinal and it's it's clogged all the way in the to the top with poop water and I was like wow I mean this. There's all kinds of surprises: I gotta tell you, I really wish we had our own bathroom yeah and then we wouldn't have to run and be late on our break right. If there was our urinal in our own bathroom, then that would be weird. So we bring our own porta potty inside though it'd be [, __ ], so fast, some extra room out here now HD feel about it and bathroom room with our second room here. If we could do that, probably not well, we don't need to tell the property manager, let's just drill a hole and [ __ ] to the basement, come on Otis either you had some drama at the post office. Did you not oh yeah? Did you want to talk about that? I can do we want to start off like that? Okay, um! That's why I won't get you fired up? You know yeah, okay, I'm. Turning it up, yeah come on getting it's an injustice thing. Okay, we moved as you all know, or not whatever, not that interesting. We need to forward the address. You know to fill that there's like a thing you fill out and you give you a space and then they send you. Your old address, you're, a male and more old address to the new address cool service by the way great for free, yes, so um I went there and I asked what documents do I need to bring with me and everything like a good since citizen, and they told me you need to bring this and that mmm, because I also do it from for our business. So you need to bring articles of incorporation, so I went home, I printed it actually then printed it for me. Thank you, then, because we have no printer I feel out the documents I go back to the post office takes me a week and then I wait in line I go to the person that accepts me and then she's like she looked. Okay and I show her. Is this here's the documents you guys asked yeah all right, she's like mm-hmm, okay, uh-huh and she's like looking at it? So, oh man, everything looks all right in here and she had this like attitude, sassy yeah everything looks correct except one thing: the signature and I'm like what and she said. Ma'am I will not accept this because you did not fill those out and I was like what are you talking about and she said: I saw the girl that filled this out here. Wasn't you a little girl? Was here filling it out? Little girl we're not little, but you call it a girl. There was a girl here. So how did she know that she was filling out your documents? She doesn't cuz, it didn't happen. Cuz I did it. She could be filling out any documents. Do you know what I mean right, she's insane? Probably so she called ela out for not filling out the document and I was like what are you talking about? Do you know how insane this is like? I I filled it at my home unless you have a camera inside my house. How would you know how anyway like what are you talking about and she wouldn't accept it, so she so she's like sorry, I will not accept it, and so I said well. Can I talk to the manager and she brought up another person I think not a manager just someone else who works there and she's like yeah, okay? Well, she will not accept it. So if you want you can just drop it in the mailbox. You know I was like what does that mean what is going on here? So she said it's the same thing. Basically, you can drop it in the mailbox sound like side, any value, okay with you, so I didn't even need to bring it to you and she's like no, so I didn't. So what about the documents that you asked? She said it doesn't matter what yeah she said that you can just drop it in the mailbox yeah so going in person. They demand a higher quality of verification. Yeah wait what that's book! That means that they could. You can just forward anybody's address right, that's right, nothing makes sense. I, don't know just go forward. Somebody's mail to my house. If I go dance, work, I would I know that dress and I just drop it in the mailbox. I'm gonna get Dan's mail, I, don't know, apparently that's what they're saying cuz my American. That makes sense to me that you would have to go and verify your identification and that you owned the business. Otherwise you could just forward and buddies address to you. I, don't know what to tell you, but I ended up just putting it in the mailbox and we'll see what happens. I, don't think it's gonna work, I think they just wanted you to get out of there, because I know how you get when you get fired up. You were probably going you're, not happy and rightfully so, but everyone else that works there was like yeah she's, crazy Oh play it play on my way out. Another lady came to me and she was like yeah sorry and I'm like well. This doesn't make any sense and she was like yeah I know. I'm. Sorry, like she was on my side, I feel like the post office employs the most unemployable. People like post office job is on practically like welfare, I think I, don't know, but she's like she made up a story. It's so insane I mean she so there you have it. There's a let's post office story, pretty fantastic, but it doesn't make any sense, I'm concerned that somebody can for my mail I, don't think you could normally so then, how are they can accept years that was dropped in a mailbox they're, just gonna, throw it out, probably yeah I, think so. Yeah I think they're gonna, throw it out. I, don't understand if she saw you if she saw someone else filling it out decided she hated me from the woman I walked in and then afterwards I was like. Um I got a pillow box too, and I last time, I paid for a third key mmm-hmm, because they give you two and she's. Like the other person said it will take a week or something, and it will just be in the PIO box next time so I check. And, of course, it's not there. So after the whole drama saying well, I went back, I didn't go to her, but I went back to someone else and I said I paid for a third key and it's not there. You guys look into it and then they ask her and she's like well. She needs to pay for it. Oh my god, for it, then she was like well Denison. It's the way. I doubted or like I, don't know there she's in charge. She's, not I, don't know nothing. There is no logic at the post office. We got a problem at the post office, who's, the post, general master. Dan we gotta go, that's a job, look into it, general master. That's a [, __ ] awesome title for somebody that runs that [ __ ]. You should be the post general master, the logic it's the Postmaster, General yeah, I'm. Sorry, Postmaster General is dope sounding idle. Well, what do you think I mean? What do we do about that? We need through it. We need some revenge on this lady. Clearly, Megan Brennan, what's going on with Megan Megan, you are, you are [ __ ] up I mean you always have stories from the toilet. I always have stories from the post office yeah, oh she's retiring January, 31st 2020, so she's checked out. Yes, what about retiring yeah, she's, being forced into retirement? Hmm she's been shipped she's, been what about him? Well, that's that that was a succeeding post office anecdote from HeLa. Well, thank you for that. Thank you for sharing. It was fantastic. That's very American! Was it good? How do you rate this story? Yeah it was like I mean it was like a five yeah. Probably I should enough open with today. I was surprised. Well, I, don't know I'm just trying to break the ice. Sometimes it's nice to break the ice. You don't know where things were go. It wasn't a bad story, okay, but it just I. Don't think that the amount of frustration that took place there, what does it does? It doesn't yeah, but this lady's so cray see see now I, don't and I'm. Just prolonging the story. Right I, don't think, there's much juice yeah. Let's move on what do you guys think back there should we move on? We should probably move on, but but I would rate it like a six on a story, scale, you're being generous. No, no I understand the post office. Frustration up in there sucks and to Oliver I, see post lady yeah I hate the sassy post, lady yeah, post men are always nice. Have you noticed that post men are helpful? It's sassy post, ladies, that are unhelpful and other berrygood I've had dum-dums yeah thumbs down from Oh. Oh am I being sexist, yeah I. Also. We need to distinguish the okay, the carrier's, the people that bring oh there, ain't, no they're, all fantastic, but this is purely right. I've never got sass like that from a man postman. What have you gone to the post office? Well, okay, you're, the post. You got all the post problems, so you I'll take your word for it dumb mistake us I do all of our errands at the post, op yeah yeah! You do you know. So thank you for that. Let's move right along! Then we've got post. So you know someone sent us in they said: hey I got an idea for the first segment. I want to look at how many people, how many times the person's been in the thumbnail and I thought. That's interesting. Let's take a look. What was the name of that person? He gave us a list that was totally wrong, that we had to redo, but we thank you for the idea. Well, actually, this is interesting. As you can see, these are all new thumbnails and Bell has allowed. It was dumped actually so shout out, the zombies could try, but no blares Bell has has dominated so bellow pause generation, 2 of the podcast. That's crazy and god bless her I'm telling you I mean all this year. - look at that purple people say like over bail and even in this room, people are saying that now, but I'm telling you every time we're getting clicks like this new episodes, it great it just works, you guys, I mean. What do you want me to do? Argue against math? There were some bail stands, who were very upset at ela and I, in particular, for our criticism of her last video so but yeah what they say. One was like an essay I got like a really long. Yeah I want to hear it come on. Don't tease me I, don't know, okay. Well. So congratulations to her. Although I don't know she's tied with Logan Paul now Logan Paul is having a boxing match this weekend, so I think he's gonna. Take the title and I have to say: Bell is really gonna have to do some extraordinary stuff to get into another thumbnail at this point, because I think we pushed it to the limit and as much as I would continue to talk about it. Every time she passes gas I would talk about it and I would let Zach sniff it and tell me how what it smelled like, but but for now I think she's gonna have to sit at eight for a while and I'm hoping she takes the challenge. She takes up this challenge. It does something fantastic, but until then you got Jake Paul you've got you've, got a post. Malone PewDiePie Trisha is also a contender. I mean five is great. Yeah people also enjoy watching Trisha I mean I have to give it up to her. She said that she looks at episode she's in to see if the views are higher and I mean the interview she had with us was one of the eyes rated as we've done in recent uh recent history. So she's got to be happy about that. Regardless of the outcome, Shane Dawson, Jack and Eric, we got to have them back on. These are old old, Joey salads, even coming in at four Kayne chris d'elia ninja I'm surprised chris d'elia made so many entries he's been a guest one time we talked about it right. That was the first time when he slammed Logan, Paul, famously correct and then three times guess so so congratulations to everybody, our big clickbait and favoriting yeah. This is interesting. Isn't it I think Logan's gonna take the title this weekend, though. So it's like watching the data like in other companies. You have cells report. Things like that these are a highest converting clipping, I mean they'll, continue. I would put her in every thumbnail if I'm being honest, clickbait Report quarter. We need to do this. Quarterly Jake has really fallen off the interest level, though I'll tell you like he just he doesn't pull it in like he used to. You know Nick, nor does Logan to be honest, but yeah I do want to talk about that fight. It's coming up, so there you have it folks, don't yell at me when I put bail because look at all these episodes they're all very well rated, okay copy, let's move on now! You guys want me to eat something. You guys have been teasing me that there's something for me to eat. You have been saying that it's I'm gonna hate it or love it. I, don't know what it is: I'm nervous and apparently it's getting more and more putrid. The longer we wait, so, let's just bring out, let's see what we've got. This is a Friday episode, which means guys I'm I, know we're only like 20 minutes in, but don't expect anything from this episode. We already spent ten minutes talking about the post office, where it's not getting any better see whenever people complain, buy you and they're like just let Ella host Arby's. Oh, my oh I'm stoked give me the Arby's and got me our shouldn't. Have no this wasn't my idea, of course, but they they told me about it. You approved I proved the ELA. Can we bring Arby's for Ethan yeah, one guy in particular lobbied hard for this? This is a secret menu item. Oh my god, that's my, and it was only available at certain Arby's, and so we had to call around to watch Arby's all over LA and we found the one that has it. Was it a long drive? No, it's not it's not too far from here. Oh this thing is called called the meat Mountain I wonder why this is actually we got a second one which I think Zach was like I mean this. So I think this one might come. You want to come and try this with him. Sure. Let me send you on discord. I'm gonna send you the the advertising picture, because you want to be what it's supposed to look like. I mean I, can't imagine that it looks different than this. How do you make this look better than this? You dude so Zach, you're gonna join me for this. Oh yeah, horsey sauce or no no horsey sauce man sent you on this cord meat, Mountain pile of diarrhea Mountain mountain, a diarrhea, the biggest sandwich Arby's has ever sold well. This is an exciting episode here, guys of the h3 podcast. It's a Friday episode well I mean to be honest and shout out to Brian Wolfe, who we actually only just saw his email, but when I searched for the meat mountain in our podcast email he's been lobbying for this. For a long time ever since the original RV segment he's been like sending multiple emails, like you got to do the meat Mountain, you got to do the me Mountain, so we're doing it. Thank you, Brian. Look. Let's super round focus can't really see that even is this chicken, a bunch of [, __, ] meat, I, don't know it's Arby's. You can't even tell one meat from the other okay I want to bite this thing, I'm, not waiting I mean so I did rise, but I'm all for it. I did get some feedback that people don't like the foot segments yeah, there's Wyatt. Where did you see that as I? What no I did tell me about that: yo how's that bitin good. They don't like the smacking mm-hmm. They find it boring mm-hmm the thing it's unhealthy for you. What else I mean they just told me that it's a secret item and I was like I mean so on the front on the front. You have diarrhea, okay, the right underneath you have like pastrami, Swiss cheese, more diarrhea, pastrami, cheese, fried chicken. Are you gonna? Try? Lucila? No, you like it. It is very good! Yes! Well, it is very dry, so the description says two chicken tenders slices of roast turkey pit smoked ham, corned beef, smoked, brisket, angus steak, roast beef and pea bacon and then cheddar, cheese and yeah I, don't see anything about onion ring but yeah. That sounds like it's about it. So how much was this? How much that, oh, it was ten bucks of sandwich really not not expensive, considering I cannot believe that you can get all this for $10 here. Ian. Are you gonna? Try this tell me the whole thing. I, don't think Dan come take a bite. No! Thank you. You guys. That was a good idea. Yeah we had. We just had to see it in person. It's just so insane full of bad ideas. Was that what you anticipated to happen? I, guess that was the best Arby's menu I! Think that whole [ __ ] thing you want you guys. One watch sit here. Watch he does sandwich for 30 min no I! Guess not. How does that compare to you this post office or okay, I just truth, be told I thought you were gonna hate it a lot more than yeah I just got excited. I was expecting to eat like vomit, oh and so, when you guys brought out an Arby's sandwich awesome, let's code, my expectations were low. So where would you put that on a tier list? F, no I! Don't know it's like a D. You want to say: I wouldn't want to eat that ever, but a few I mean you got me all jacked up and it's like that. That's food is like crack. I mean once they hit your lips boy. I had a hard time giving that sandwich to Zach I just wanted to keep eating I didn't want to do it. Alright get this off the screen. What the Arby's you're, not even paying me, pay me next time. You want to add what else Oh save that from me: Zach, don't throw it out. It was two of them. So well, I, don't want yours. You know I'm, saying trash mobility, video! This is the worst episode. We've ever done. Mobility watch this grandma I'm telling you there's mobility. People are just they're the best okay, hash tagging oMG. It says: grandma's forwarding a river on her mobility scooter, it's like blooded in jolly old England and the grandmas just like out through like two feet: water. That's fearless! That's courage! That's courageous! Yes, it actually works. Oh yeah I mean that, could it be seconds before she got drifted away to sea, you know, but so far, oh it worked. What a hero, though, what about what I mean they just like said an old blind lady did she know they're with water? She did you know and she's like look. I'm old I've got groceries I'm on a mobility scooter. What other option do I have I'm, not gonna, sit here and wait for it to stop raining. It's now or never around the word. That's the mobility Mary of England, oh my god, beluga whale playing, fetch ela thought you'd enjoy this yeah. This man is in some cold-ass place. Okay, well he's got like a rugby ball stuck in him and this damn wild Tallulah is fetching the rugby ball and bringing it back to the boat. So the guy can throw it again. I mean right up. I've heard that belugas are very friendly towards humans, as dolphins are in general, but illegals are particularly sweet creatures and you can see him chuck it again in the blue. It goes right back to touch it. They've got to be either. You know north or south Antarctic herb [ __, ] Iceland, who knows you know it's so magical beautiful, beautiful, too bad they'll be extinct in about 20 years, along with all the other life on Earth polar bears are really getting [ __ ] by the way from climate change, you've seen those videos of them like cuz. The ice is literally receding so, like their habitat is shrinking, and sometimes they get stuck on ice that detaches from the there's. There's no land left for them, there's literally no land, and these poor polar bears are just on little floating bits of ice and getting lost in the ocean. It's horrific, mm-hmm bring back old baby bear and what do we do about it? Bring back whole. You know coal. It doesn't pollute as much as people think no I'm kidding that's what they say: they're like dude coal rules. It's gonna be 2020 in in like two months dude, let's burn coal. That makes total sense. What do we do about it? Well for one, except that climate change is actually happening. Yeah, man-made climate change? That's the new way of deflecting the world. Do you do about climate change yeah? Mr. beasts is planting trees, yeah? Well what what we need to do? First of all, we need to mean truly I mean most other Western cultures, all really how or I've already accepted that. Okay, this is a problem. We need to do something about at America. We haven't even made it that far as a institutional governmental agencies, I mean our current president thinks it's a Chinese hoax. They think the new way of deflecting is they say we acknowledge that climate change is happening, but we refuse to believe it's man-made. The world goes through cycles of climate, all the time mm-hm, and so that's their way of deflecting. That's clearly not the case. I mean yeah they'll, find like one crooked scientist against, like ten thousand ten thousand, who are screaming with their hair on fire and then one crooked ass, like pseudo-scientists, who got a degree he myopathy team trees are up to 14 million wow nice man. I saw they got another like million dollar donation. Let me see most trees, Toby who's, that Toby mark beneth Toby. What key was the yeah yeah shopify guy? So mark oh really, mark BNF is the no one know by now ben'll Benny. Oh he's a 6.5 Billy, damn baby Wow. He is CEO of sales phone. The sales force guy got it is that a big company I might even familiar with them. Yeah. Apparently you know that's great amazing, good good, for you guys got boss so good there. You go we're doing we're trying. But you know, young people are really the one that have to deal with it. So they got to be activated because, though the but I mean boomer, you know, boomer yeah boomers are [ __ ], destroying the planet. We've known that forever. It's boomers that are one that deny that climate change is a real thing, even though they're the ones that were burning, [, __, ], cold setting the world on fire another their grandkids are gonna. Miami is gonna flood, not that I care about Miami I mean we're better off without it probably I've been there once Miami Beach I mean I was at Miami Beach bro I didn't like what I saw. I could do it, but there's some there's some nice places, they're gonna go underwater too I want to adopt a beluga. You want a beluga, yeah I, think we'll need a bigger house. I think we'll need to buy SeaWorld. Are you sad about the Beluga yeah? He seemed happy, though. Okay I think the belugas are fine. You can symbolically adopt a beluga for $55 from the WWF. What WWF the world wide wrestling federation adopt the balloon? Well, you can donate. Oh, so, what's going on with balloon today, they just said symbolically: yeah, all whales are endangered, pretty much yeah, it's actually a dolphin more than a whale. It's so well! Well, it is swell in the title. Let me look up: beluga whales, let's educate ourselves right now. It is break time by the way. Okay. Well, welcome everybody to the worst episode of the h3 podcast. It is the G it's genius as dolphin. It's genius as dolphin arias, it's more it's a dolphin! Well, there you go. The whale is a misnomer. I could be wrong, but I think dolphins and whales are more I. Think it's just kind of a oh. So wait, let me see if the whale is an adult sort of the same family blue whale wiki. You may be right: let's do some research here live on the HTTP podcast, worse, so ever convenience it's in a different genius. Okay, the blue well, is in the Balian, op or triple I know: baleen whales are a separate family. That's true, but I looked up blue whale whales that we're because orcas are dolphin beluga whales are endangered. There you go, they are at threat. Their population levels are other a threat. They're at threat should come out right now. Their threat was, can you imagine killing a beluga whale like how old are you they've been easy prey for hunters due to the predictable migration patterns and high popular population density and also they're just sweet, beautiful, loving creatures? The one batch number of animals kills about a thousand per year, three to four hundred killed in Alaska three to four hundred killed in Canada fewer in Greenland or Russia. The Russians haven't figured out. I really want to go vegetarian. Can we do it already hit me with that Arby's sandwich? Let me just take a couple more bites. First, are you a vegetarian starting today, no I'm gonna well after the Arby's sandwich. So sorry, but we have meat. Still, we have meat in the house all right out, donut, let's discuss it over the break of which will take right now and be right back. You were not gonna wanna miss a second of this terrible episode that has no redeeming qualities. I'll be right back it's quick time. You know what quip is it's an electric toothbrush that comes in a tiny, little vibrating tube. It's a vibrating toothbrush dentists. All agree that the vibrating toothbrush is the superior toothbrush. Let me tell you what else qyp does other than vibrating, which is great it times out your quadrants Oh 30 seconds 30 seconds, and it lets you know when it does a special vibrating. So let you know to switch your quadrants to make sure that you get the perfect minimum required dentist recommended brush. What else about clip is great. It's got soft, beautiful bristles that will not harm or damage your gums. It's made of this beautiful soft rubbery plastic and I'm, telling you I have searched for the perfect soft brushed head and I have found it and quit and I will never use another toothbrush again, because it's just so soft and lovable and my mouth is so clean. It's squeaky clean. You know what that is ela it's when you rub your finger on your teeth and it squeaks I'm, not saying as a pleasant feeling, but it is because it tells you your mouth is great. No clip starts at just $25 and you'll get your first refill pack for free at get clip comm /, H Street. This is a simple way to support our show and to start brushing better quip starts at just $25 and you'll get your first refill free at get quick, calm, / h3! This is a simple way to support our show and to start brushing better, but you have to go to get Q. You I, p.com, / h3, get your first refill pack for free, go right now to g ET, q, UIP, comm, /, h3 and, of course thank you to the lovely, beautiful multi-talented uuk wine. I want to propose once again and I, don't know if you ever seen this but ela I'd like to get remarried to you. Have you ever seen like Ring Pop, because we forgot to review these in the Candiru so out here, I present you as a fat ring boy, that's a big gem, you know what I'm saying so, don't say: I never did anything for you, but the reason I am giving praise to. You is first of all, we need time to go to the bathroom and, second of all, to say: teddy fresh calm is the place to shop this holiday season right transition. You got the color-block hoodie and all different. The photos are so different. We have to get. We have to work on the we got all the beanies. We got the best beanies in the game. I'm, not gonna mince words. Our beanies are the best, and people know that about us. You got the patchwork, hoodie and two colors I mean forget about it. This is this is a master class in craftsmanship. You got the TF hoodie tie-dye black white green is everywhere, I mean it's all happening at Teddy, fresh calm, if you're looking for the perfect gift, if you're looking for the perfect gift for yourself, if you want to look cool, if you won't get [ __ ], we should sell the teddy fresh sheet that you put your dick yeah with the hole and it says over the dick Hall says teddy fresh. Oh my god, and it's like a really nice fabric. That's like almost almost good yeah. That's almost a good idea right, like I, could see supreme or someone doing that. I could collaborate, a collaboration with the rabbinic, a society of Los Angeles, the rabba night yeah. It's almost a good idea. We think about that either for the holidays. People will want to make sure I bet. We could sell 50 of those synagogue, merch yeah like some teddy fresh branded uh. What do you call the Bar Mitzvah [ __ ] Ted, eight tallit in you in a yarmulke set I'll be done so there you have it guys. I mean we've got it all. It's all happening you all! The time it is a steady, fresh, our teddy fresh calm, give it up for yours. Truly, you look lined the one true cool, mom alert, coolest mom in the game, you're called dad. That's all I ever wanted to hear from you and that's it I. Let's get right back into the show, guys welcome everybody I just sandwich them. You want to watch the beautiful Beluga again, look barely put it up yet so Ethan I wanted to say yes to this, but I do have a condition. What's the condition? Well, you go vegetarian Oh today today, right now, yes, right now live on the H epoch. Yes can I have one more bite. Yes, one more bite. Mmm-Hmm then you'll marry me again. Yes buy this ring pop the power vested me as a trooper all right, one last bite here we go I'm serious, I'm, serious, an owner of that cute, Beluga yeah. Everybody soon is here. You gotta, not blink. Oh my god, I feel like you. Gotta want to go vegetarian now. This is so disgusting. Maybe everyone else watching. It will also find fault with blue bill the by the way. No, you do whatever you won, but this is it so crazy? Alright, everybody watching we are going vegetarian. If anyone wants to join us join the movement. Animal was like five animals in there. Let's go all Deb. Okay! Okay, will you marry me? Yes, alright, that's a vegetarian, I hope, there's no July and then it's true. We can't eat that anymore. Whoa dude, oh yeah, I'm over up what is dead air say something: okay, um dude cooks, a whole [, __ ] camel. I got a sub cursing so much true. This dude so I think he's Turkish. This dude and he logos. Is this too graphic? Can we show this I mean it's just cooking sure, but I I see what you're saying it's. It is beyond normal. It's just a whole camel carcass that he throws in a smoker and well there's lots of twists and turns you guys judge for yourself. What is this smoker? It looks like a war machine, [, __ ] there a person a day. Hmm it is a mini little gas chamber. Isn't it [Applause]? You know I'm going to smoke a whole [, __, ], camel ooh, I didn't know the came old me. It was a thing that people ate I mean yeah I, guess if it walks, it eats I think there was camel on the meat, mountainous area and now I'm going to teach to the camel, and he just takes a piece off like God knows where and he's like. Oh, it tastes like [ __, ] I can't bring the camel back to life, and now he this is the weirdest part injured. He take them. Rose sprinkles the rosebuds on the top and then stabs it with the rose and I mean what the [ __ ] is that I don't know anything it exact. Ah, so romantic next day would have [ __ ]. This camel like what are you trying to do? Got a romantic war plan? What is this guy up to I would be suspicious if he was in the country. I would say: save s s bi, investigate now. I cannot bring the camera back to life I'm, so glad we're vegetarian. Oh dude I've been a vegetarian for like ten and you're wearing the rings, though so you're gonna wear that as long as I keep my promise. Well, that will be hard because it's again not eating, you know scarred not eating meat neck. This is a huge, so, okay, this is actually this one's interesting rapper, T I got a lot of heat recently for saying he takes his daughter on I think he said twice a year to the gynecologist to see that her hymen is intact to make sure that she hasn't lost her virginity. Now this this to me, I was 18 she's, now 18 and he well. Let me just play this clip before I get too deep into it, but rapper ti who he went on this podcast with these girls and they asked, if he's had the birds and the bees conversation with his daughter, and so he says yes, not only have I had the conversation, but I've enacted Sharia law in my house as well [Music], [Music] funny charming right because their life, you know doctors maintain a level of professionalism is like with you know, sir I have to you know. In order for me to share information, I see days you they want you to sign these saying it like threatening. Well, I just want I just want you to know that there are other ways besides sex there behind and can be broken right, bike riding, really athletics, horseback rides and massive. Oh, my god, they're laughing at everything, not that funny Wow congratulate so gross, so I was actually quite really disturbed by this as most people are were, who listened to it and you gotta. You gotta appreciate how the doctors like well. This net is first of all, she's 18 dude, he's like legally an adult like that's her private information yeah. So she has to sign a form consenting the doctor to tell him and he's like threatening her, but it doesn't mean anything. That's such a stupid. Like old-school thing, what is, can I ask you I, don't understand. What's that, I've never had sex with a virgin, so I don't really understand. What's this whole hymen I, don't even know if, like whatever mine broke or whatever you would call it at some point, I don't even know. Why didn't happen know how, apparently, when you lose your virginity yeah, but not only so yeah. Not only do you guys have any Intel about the hymen. Have I mean it's just a small like membrane of tissue in a vagina that you know breaks at one point, sort of like a seal, but yeah I mean if freshness seal yeah I mean but yeah I mean traditionally people kind of took it as a sign of virginity. But, as you just said, it can break any number of ways, and you know it I think it's long been discredited as like a way of determining virginity anyways. So it's just have you guys ever broke a girl's? Hymen no I have never taken a girl's virginity, so go ahead. I'm waiting for the other two yeah I have and so did anything I was 15. She was also 15 and yeah. It was a. It was a bloodbath. Oh wow I was confused. It doesn't always have from what I understand it again. Cuz I haven't done it, but the either bleed so tiny little bit or something it just depends. You know: yeah he's different I thought he'd burst when, like a woman gets her period for the first time, but no I yeah, it was um, so you guys were doing your thing yeah and did you were you both surprised by the bloodbath yeah? Was it a lot? It was like a lot of blood. Just it's gushed out. Oh man, or did you stop I stopped I'm, like you know, like I, helped her like got some towels, but, like him did that ruin the moment? Yeah yeah, yeah, I'm kind of glad I never had sex with a virgin. To be honest, it seems pretty not. It seems like I mean I'm sure it's so was it a beautiful thing or was it kind of like it was very traumatic? Probably it was very primal and IANS, probably Ian's, probably busted a couple items: no I don't have a blood bath? Hmm! Well! So if you, if you have a hymen, can you get a proper like vaginal exam like how they give you the pap smear and all that does it cover that hole? Cuz I, my Anatomy on that female genitals is not high level I'm, not entirely sure I. Don't think so! That's recovering yeah I thought. Well. Why do you need a path to be right? Headset, yeah I thought a woman can get it till she's 21. Is that correct get what pap smear? Maybe cuz I, don't think I had it when I was young? Well, they do it to check for cancer yeah. No, you get you get it before. 21, okay, well, according I. Think T is different. Daughter's gonna be virgin till long after that. It's so weird, why you so possessive of your daughter and who she has sex with creepy, pretty psycho, and you know T I [, __ ], like a thousand girls too. Maybe not I, don't know, but he did by the way. Also um I, don't know like if using tampons will affect it, but like almost everyone uses, tampons and I, don't I feel like that would also, where is the hymen it's over, that hole, yeah or it's below that hole like I need some sex education? That's like any side. You know hymen where's, the hymen don't show my screen. I'm just I'm. Looking I need some sex education. I'm gonna have to teach teach Theodore about this stuff someday. Let's see it's a hymen as a membrane that covers the entry to the vagina. The hymen is located deep inside the vagina. So, if I put my finger in too far, the hymen will break. Oh wait. That's a question. I mean as close to the entry, oh yeah, only one to two centimeters inside the vaginal opening once yours, fingers inside it can reach clear until the cervix without injuring the hymen. How is that possible? Tell hymen I just read that it doesn't like really technically break it just stretches out so right. It's all like each person can be so different. The whole thing is just done according to this website. The first time is a myth in itself, for many women, the first time that full penile penetration occurs naturally happened only after several times of experiencing partial penetration, with each experience the hymen stretches and eventually becomes flexible enough to easily accommodate the penis, so there you go, doesn't even really bring a sense of like ripping. You know why what and also like women like sex - like why. Why are you depriving her of that? It's a way of life? You know what I mean and if he has sons I'm sure he doesn't treat them like. No, he doesn't care he's like he's on here, telling them go. [ __ ], some [ __ ] by the way and I was curious what she thought of it, so his daughter was liking tweeds. This was one tweet says this is disgusting, possessive and controlling woo. She liked that give me my results. First of all, mf'er those are her results like WTF liked. This is beyond possessive, it is beyond possessive. It makes me feel like he wants to [ __ ], her I hate to say that. But it's like what are you? What why are you so obsessed with her vagina I? Think it's just super possessive possessive, but then for what purpose? I've gotta be the right guy and he needs to approve, because it's just it's like really old school. It's like oh she's, my little daughter and you are not good enough. I'm gonna be the right guy and she's, not gonna, be a slot. Yes, she is gonna be and that's like the mindset, yeah I know I still find it. I I, don't understand it. Well, there you have it tea eyes of weirdo man, and why is he talks kind of like a southern plantation owner and I said, and I do and I do uh expeditiously he's from South expeditiously I'm happy if we have a daughter, I'm of a hard time, even I, don't think I'll be able to talk to her about her vagina at all. I'm gonna have to leave that up to you and guy no visitors I mean you gonna have to get over it I'm over. It I feel like it's so funny that, like this topics are so sensitive like the period mm-hmm it shouldn't be. The vagina is a very mysterious place. There's a lot of ends, a lot of outs. It shouldn't be because it's a it's like when a girl is on period. She's, gotta, hide it's like well. I, agree that that I agree that we get it every month and we suffer every month. Why do I always also need to hide it right, like I'm, the one suffering here. Look I'm a pro I'm, a proponent, I, agree and I'll. Tell you what else I own shocked by the fact that you have to pay taxes on tampons, that shouldn't be a tax, [, __, ] tampons, the sales tax, that's insane! It's like a female tax! Literally you need it. It's like there's no tax on groceries! Hmm. Why should the via tax on Tampa ever thought about that yeah, because when we were broke, like that's kind of like a big expense that stuff do temples are super expensive, yeah all their like feminine stuff, not just the tempos. You know this is pretty much just a straight up, so women in tax yeah, because men don't have to worry about that. Obviously so I I'm not on it, they don't have to worry about it. They also get to pretend like it's not happening. That's what's annoying right, because it's like oh I'm, not supposed to talk about it, because it's gross I, don't mind. If you talk about it from me, I know but I'm saying but I said: there's like a cultural thing, I totally. That is the atmosphere. The first time I was confront. So internally we had a co-ed bathroom with showers. Different they we had our own stalls, but was a co-ed bathroom and sometimes I would go in the bathroom. There was like period. Blood falls to the bottom of the toilet. You know and Bulls there it like doesn't combine with the water right, and that was the first time. I was ever confronted with the period huh as I saw period blood in the toilet and it shocked the hell out of me, but just because you know, I'm, sheltered and I think you have a good point there you'll. That being said, I mean but I, don't know anything about the vagina I got to talk to her daughter yeah about her. Like that's what my learn, you don't know anything about a baby and what's going on with the baby and you're learning, mm-hmm learning fascinating I'm, not an expert I, don't remember when you get your period or what like, when you're a parent, it's gonna be different. You have to be the one like who knows what's happening, that's why we have a mom. That's why we love mom, no I'm, saying I, don't feel like I know necessarily what to say what she's okay! Well, we don't with daughters, we don't have a daughter, yeah I, wonder if there's any weird talks, you're gonna have to have with Theodore I, don't mind talking him about sex about using a condom and all that okay. So what do you mind about a girl, I guess I, don't know like taking her to the gynecologist and stuff, but the way that he's so well. That's insane the way that he's so obsessed with her genitals. It's just creepy. If weirds me, that makes me feel icky when you guys were growing up. Was there a parent, you felt more comfortable going to things with when it came to the birds and the bees. I didn't feel comfortable with anything with either of my parents. I didn't do anything with them. I feel comfortable with anything with my dad. So yeah. Can you imagine your dad taking the other guy into college? You know, oh my god. No, both my parents didn't tell me anything about anything. I just found porno! That's how I learned about sex I found my dad's a porn stache. That's how I learned everything you that's the great love maker I am that was some serious [ __ ]. That's why every time you'll have sex I started like this. I went in the movies. It's really not much to it. You know you just got a you. I know it's awkward, you just gotta. Do it I think it's so important, like I wish that my dad would have sat down with me at a young agent and and taught me a little bit of things mm-hmm, but you never got you never got to know. I never got I, never had a talk. My parents didn't teach me [, __ ] about anything. I never got to talk to you that I wish that I would have got to talk. My parents just pretend that nothing happens. I was show what about like crazy yeah, my cousin, my dad. My dad sat me down. What did he tell you explain the whole thing slide it out, yeah at what age, yeah? Well, hey um, I'd, say probably like 12 or 13, and did you listen and were you interested yeah and I mean you know? I had figured out a decent amount of it yourself, but no I mean I. Think that is important and yeah I mean it was like a little uncomfortable, but I think him doing. That was beneficial in the sense that it made me much more comfortable with things later on, because it just kind of normalized it because it wasn't mysterious you know so your parents are like the the most normal parents. I've ever heard of it sounds like well. Did you guys have talks, Zaki, Dan, uh yeah, it's kind of like what's the same age for Dan like 12 13, but like I, used to watch a lot of like raunchy cartoons, and that would talk about it. But when I was like five, six I thought the way you got a girl pregnant. Was he peed in her I used to talk to my friends and like I, couldn't believe that you know that's awesome yeah. Some of these teachers were having kids I'm like wow. A lot of that's [, __ ], that's so cool! You know girls. We should say that in high school, when you were wanted to say you were attracted to a girl, you'd say I would pee in her but I'd be in her. But Ian. Tell me about your talk. I never got one thing, I expected more to have it, but I guess we're 50/50 out here sounds like so. What did you did you just have education? Three of us didn't get it most, didn't yeah, I'm, definitely giving theodora talk. No question I! Think it's important for men well for parents now to talk to their kids about kind of like like educating them on. What's okay and like where women are comfortable with boundaries and stuff like that - yeah. That was part of the talk to him really I! Think that's really cool I mean I. Think that's! That's really great I! Think that's really good! That's really cool! That's awesome! Yeah you're right I mean I. Guess there probably are a lot of kids that grow up. That just know. I feel like that. I feel, like that's a big part of the issue when you're looking at all this me to stuff is that young men are growing up without a male role model that show them like. What's, okay and what's not, or at least telling them like these, these are limits that you need to be aware of that in my life I've become aware of- and this is, if you see if a woman is uncomfortable, then you should definitely stop and wait until she's comfortable. You know what I mean like just saying that to a young man, I think has a big impact. That's true, yeah, that's very impressive of your. Both your parents, yeah I, mean again yeah. It definitely was like a little uncomfortable, especially like you know the first few minutes of like having that conversations like, oh god, this is, did he have like a banana in a condom? No, no banana. He did show me how a condom work. So, unlike his thumb or whatever, you know just kind of explain what it is and yeah I mean I think it was again because it was like you know: I figured out a decent amount of it myself, I wasn't completely ignorant, it wasn't coming into a blind, but you know it just kind of approached it like do you have you know? Are you unclear or like you confused about any of this stuff- and you know just kind of made it a little bit more just normalized again, oh good, because it sets up the expectation that you can talk to them about it right and I. Think was a big part of it too. Yeah I never felt like I could talk about anything right, yeah which I didn't really but I knew I. Could you know yeah I learned a lot from listening to Stern a lot too. So it was more love line for me. But yeah. That's interesting, like that uncomfortable barrier with my dad was broken because we used to listen to Howard and stuff, like that. Did your dad give you a condom demonstration, no I'm gonna when I teach Theodore my bring a huge black dildo, no I'm son. This is black aam. You know what you know it really [ __ ] him up. You know these builders are really popular. Now these bad dragons they have like dragon like. If a dragon had a dick, they imagined what it would look like, and it's like this is like a crazy thing, no a bad dragon, but they have do like the look of like the biggest craziest one bad dragon. Calm, custom handmade, fantasy sex toys. There's these really 12. They have like horse [, __ ], and it's yes and so I'll show you I'll be like done son. This is what a penis looks like wait. Are you looking - yeah yeah? They also make a fleshlight of like the alien from Avatar I'm. Not I. Am I probably can't show that you know, as you keep scrolling down and gets weirder I'll come at Theodore with this giant dragon. This is what every what every penis looks like section here describe what you're seeing for the people listening I. Just I mean the the further you go down. The weirder, it gets I mean there's one called Ridley. That's just straight-up is an alien from aliens as a dildo yeah. How does it have like arms or what it's not? No, it's like, as if it the alien from aliens, dick I, guess, I see yeah exactly it's like colored and pattern that way and everything I see. I need points for creativity, yeah, there's one called Winston's tongue and it looks like it's supposed to be a gorillas tongue I'm assuming Liam from bro watch yeah, oh my god, so there you have it folks. How do we get here? Oh yeah, shoenice is back in the news. Everybody shoenice is eating raw bacon. Now, I, don't think enough. Shoenice says that this is okay, because it's cured, but I actually, don't believe. Did you talk to shoenice down that closing I have not replied to him. It's you nice! If you're listening, I've gotten your your 15 emails and back to you soon, shoenice just for the record, I told Dan to call you to get on the phone and see if we can work out a time to come on the show. If you don't hear from him, it's Dan's fault, not mine. It's been a busy week. It's been a busy week, we're setting up a new office and everything's we got to tell uh I, think we're having fish tonight for dinner. We have to put a stop to that. You have it look scheduled. We have a thawing in the fridge. Put a stop to that, then. Do you eat fish. I have that's like the one thing that I have broken the rules on it's? Not it's not very common, though in fact did the last time I had any fish was probably like two years ago: okay, I'm, not I, don't want fish, yeah, I, never understood not even while I make an exception for food I think just because they think it's healthy. It's not! No! It's not really bad I, don't know it's not sustainable fish are [ __, ] dying yeah all right, so it's not better in any way. That is true, except it's healthy, I. Think I. Think part of it is that when you're vegetarian for a long period of time like red meat and chicken and everything stops being appetizing like it kind of mm-hmm, it becomes gross. Looking to you and for what reason fish doesn't I don't know. It looks like a different thing interesting and it's every time that I've done it. It's been at sushi, like a big group of people going out to sushi, and it's just like fine I'll have like a roll or whatever, but, like I said it's been a couple years. So what about raw bacon? So we've got shoenice here with a hanger of raw bacon and again he says that you can eat it because it's cured, but I, don't believe that. Well, basically, this is the six slices of raw I. Think yeah, cured bacon. Uncured is the stuff you don't want to eat. This is fine. I've eaten raw bacon since I was three and now I don't know, I wouldn't need any of that [ __ ]. Okay, do you know much things like you know the white right yeah when you cook it all this packets cooked off I mean it's still fat, but on your mark, that's just horrid. This isn't a challenge by the way. No one else is doing that I feel like shoenice just puts his dinner or like on a rat and like the last time he just down some key bosses, but they never might as well make a video right. How is he still alive? I? Really wonder we need to study him. She said he's been doing this since he was three Oh God, that's [, __ ]! Oh that's gross shoenice! That's the daddy right that can't you can't even chew it. It's just oh dude! This is so discussed. This may be the most disgusted I've ever been in my life, I'm, actually not sure what sound sound, no [Laughter]. Do it dude! That's why it doesn't kill him because he downed a whole bottle of vodka. Afterwards, everything is done, he's just swallowing the whole thing. You know it's funny. This guy's gonna quit alcohol and then he's gonna die because of all the [ __ ] he's eating is gonna, kill him without being sanitized. Okay, can't even cure it. It's just he said, did I blink it? This is wrong. There's Mike! What no, he doesn't say. That's his dinner man he's got he's got to make the best of it. Can we not watch this? Is the challenge ELA? The challenge is to watch the whole thing. Do you think he cleans that hangar just puts it back on? This? Is clothing? Shoe nice Wow, no thoughts, no thoughts, just brain damage, thoughtless I had my headphones off. I couldn't listen to it. We're done yeah I, just looked it up, yeah the the cured bacon thing. That's that's not real. It was three. Maybe he's built up a community or something I, don't know. What's going on, there I hope that he's dead yeah that he is gonna dedicate his body to science. When he passes away I feel we could learn a lot from him yeah. Could someone bring me a diet? Coke? You mean a Coke Zero, yes, okay, thank you! Anna! Are you [, __ ] with me, where's, the pizza, okay, so Popeyes Chicken is back. I didn't know that it had gone away. What's the deal with Popeyes, did they sell out a chicken and then they just got it back? Ian I'm asking you you're the keeper of culture, uh yeah, they ran out and it's back now. Thank you Dan. Thank you. So much and so how's the chicken place running a chicken I. Don't understand that it's been like a month too, but the chicken is back. It's been back about a week or less and I have here three fights on separate occasions at Popeye's ian said he went to Popeyes on Wednesday and saw people almost get into a fight, so he could share an anecdote about it. That's what so Ian do you have an anecdote about a Popeyes fight, yeah kinda I mean I went and the line was huge and, as I was waiting, this guy in front of me was on the phone and he was kind of drifting in and out of the line a little bit and at one point I think people thought that he wasn't really in the line mmm and so when he went to reenter the line. These two guys behind me were like what the hell do. You think you're doing and he was like. Oh I've, been waiting here for a long time and they were like, if you're trying to cut me right now, you better get the [ __ ] out of here and they were like they're like we're, New, Yorkers. Okay, you don't want to [ __ ] with us and he was like all right. Man I'm not trying to get in some [ __ ] at a freaking chicken store, and then he he left, but he was there, but I gave out for him. No I I didn't want to mess with their New Yorkers. So did anyone. Nobody stood up for the guy, no I mean these. Other people were whispering, like I think that guy was here and I wasn't I'm pretty sure he was yeah I mean he was behind me, but you were waiting in line. How long did you wait in line uh, maybe like 20 20 minute, and that was for your own enrichment for your own Popeye? So much I wanted to remind my. It was pretty good you gotta remember it was a pretty good, so no I was dancing, but I would and it sounds like a zoo down there. Two people just fighting yeah, it was crazy and then, as I was waiting and I hate. The waiting in the line, - I felt like a shame that I was yeah and, as I was doing, that someone came up and right after that, guy almost got in that fight and he was like. Are you Ian and I was like I? Don't want to be seen here. This is embarrassing. Were you by yourself? Yeah I was picking it up for somebody. So are you doing uber? Are we not paying? You know, don't know pretty? After they know, like I was gonna go eat it with a friend of mine Wow the base. Did the fans stick around and talk with you? Did they like walk the line with you? No, they were very much like I'm trying to get out of here. - I don't want to hang around it's violent in there's. No, it's poop eyes. I saw someone refer to it as poop eyes, on reddit and I thought it was great cuz. It makes me think of pinkeye, like you're getting poop in your eye, poop eyes. So that's well. Thank you for the anecdote here. We've got three clips from one week and apparently Ian narrowly avoided a fight, - you're there to drive-thru. You know how there's like - drive-throughs and they intersect. Well, they couldn't decide who would go first and so they crashed into each other. And now everyone just wants to kick. It I mean I had the chicken it's good I would not do this. I would not put myself through this I don't get that. Is it just the hype that everyone wants chicken? Why did you go there hand? Is it just the hype I just wanted to try and with a friend of mine, just see it's so good? It's a good sandwich she's all here, yeah yeah, it is good I gotta, give it up, but still man I'm not going back. That was it and I feel bad for all the Popeyes employees that have had rust on them. Now it's not like they get paid more yeah every day is like hell for them now forever by the way, I wonder if Popeyes stock is up, do that, are they publicly traded sure doc? So did they never have this chicken sandwich never had the chicken sandwich and prior to this Popeyes was probably one of the least popular fast-food chains so like if you worked at Popeyes over the last year, you probably had like the chillest job until a few weeks ago. Well just became [ __ ] hell, it's great, that you guys bring that up, because there's one here where they, you can see what it's like for the employees of fight breaks out inside Popeyes, and you can see the effect that has on the employees here liveleak. Of course, all the best content they're having the employees are just like. It's just chaos. So supposedly what happened here was that one of the employees was selling chicken sandwiches out the back door. It's premium, you know what yeah and so a fight broke out in the restaurant and you you could see. I mean one girl comes up and is just serving people their order. Everyone is just chaos. Everyone just wants the chicken this girl's given to get out stuff I'm not going to pop by Friday, is that a double entendre Black Friday, this guy's off watch they're hitting each other with the fryer. Oh my god dude. He said once again they're fighting, so you have to assume he flee there there's another fight from poop eyes. A white guy starts calling people the n-word with a hard R and and and then he gets jumped and they steal his chicken yeah. No, that's great dude tension is high at Hot Buys man, they just wore them and then they cook it right outside. Hey kid, Sam, that's the best part, that's not like all that. Why did going on at Popeye's? The Boomer debate is really heating up. Speaking of the n-word. That's what they I know. I know it's a bad segment. No, the white guy said the n-word I didn't say that word. I would never so someone wrote an article saying boomer is the n-word for older generations, which is hilarious. Boomers have been getting super upset over the fact that okay boomer has B I'm a common insult. This tweet started escalating it when it went viral and got mega ratioed. It had one point: six thousand comest 159 likes a few days ago. Let's see if this sweet still up was a blue checkmark, yeah you're stomping yeah. What was that Zach was just running to Dan up a drink shaking the whole damn building replace is that Arby's sandwich got em thickened up yeah he's this guy said replaced boomer with any ethnic or cultural minority. Does this tweet still read? Okay, do congratulations! Twitter you've invented the words first age' slur, okay, boomer. So then it picks up steam. It really sets off Monday morning when a conservative talk, show host Bob lawns berry not to be confused with Brad berry, tweet it out and then now deleted. Tweet he said, boomer is the N word of ageism being hip and flipped does not make bigotry okay, nor is it a day right, a derisive epithet acceptable because it is new Wow. Quite a take first of all, comparing it to the n-word is like already makes you such an idiot you're. Just an old boomer ass idiot only a Boomer would compared to the n-word boomers, are [ __ ] I, don't like boomers in general on Bayona on a person-by-person basis, I'll pick and choose, but as a generation boomer suck we've been saying that for years, and only now, I'm happy to see the boomer I've been called boomer by the way I get called boom, Oh fun people say Hughes down what does it even mean any baby boomers? You know it's calling you a woman, it's like saying all that a touch mmm I get called boomer all the time. I'm the Internet's favor favorite, boomer, mm-hm I've, been called I've heard. People say that about me: do you accept it? I accept boomer sir you're, a self-hating boomer, self-loathing boomer, yeah I'm Uncle, Tom boomer and uncle uh. What's it what's a uncle Gary boomer I, don't know. Do I need to make an apology about the previous, no we're past that now we're apologizing order. Some few know ela then I'm looking to you well for answers, we're fine, we're fine for what you don't need: a forehand sex there's nothing to apologize, for. We clearly have good intentions. We're trying to be politically correct. It's difficult to know. I mean I'd, be worth more worried about offending boomers right now, then black people like Ian and don't worry, I've trust me. It's fine, no boomers watching the show. So who cares welcome what is the generation their dad yeah? That is a Boomer yeah Technic? All of our parents would be boom boom, whereas 46 to 64. Oh, that is the worst Abreu's. You know what they called the World War two generation, the Greatest Generation yeah. We were discussing this the other day, it's kind of unfair that they get. That name. Could they were the greatest that was insane still little self-aggrandizing I? Don't think they named themselves that it's like a historic him back dude? They definitely got the greatest journey dude they earned it. That was [ __ ]. They have to go fight the Nazis and you had to do it to those that Davos. It was so [ __ ] up about this. Then you had to go fight him. They were that evil. The nominees were, the greatest generation -. Were they great? No, it's a reference to the merit. So that's like the generation before the Boomers. Yes, world war, two era, so they were the greatest generation and then their sons, their children, were the baby-boomers because everyone came back and that babies like this is specific to America. Yes, yeah, pretty much gotcha I think it's somewhat applies. It's America, it's an American American, because we can Israel. No it's a it's an anthro law and anthropological and thorough, illogical, anthropologists use these terms. These are classifications that they use a real scientific terms to classify generations. Okay, I was just thinking to compare like our parents, my dad in your that they're kind of the same age, yeah, it's exactly the same yeah so yeah, my dad is like when he when they came to Israel there was like no country well today, you would have your own generation yeah distinctions. There I mean the circumstance of their upbringing is completely different, so they are kind of like the badass generation. In a way I'm sure you have clear generational titles but I wonder whose doubloon I don't think, there's a boomer generation what's equivalent. Well, we call them the boomer generation because they know we make fun of them because they had it super easy yeah. They grew up during like the most economical advantageous time. They went to college for, like $15, they bought houses for like $20,000. They have they own all this property and they all had good jobs and now that our our generations got the short end of the stick in terms of like college healthcare, housing is skyrocket out of control, and now they look down on us and meaningly like I'll, get a job buy a house. You know pay for your own college. It's like well college comparatively is like a thousand times more expensive. My dad paid I think a thousand dollars in total or less for his entire college grade his whole at UCLA, and we got dying whales. We yeah exactly they polluted the earth. They did all this terrible thing and now not only do they look down on us like we're lazy and they don't want to help solve the problems that they like destroying the earth, and so that's why people from our generation give [ __ ] to the Boomers because they say it's. This whole attitude of well I went I. Was a bar I I worked at a grocery store and paid for my own college and bought a house. It's like cool if I work at a grocery story, I'm pretty much homeless. If I work full-time in a grocery store and Los Angeles pretty much. You have to live with like five people to make that work, yep yeah, so you know that's why they get [ __ ] [Music]. So there you have it, but the great generation certainly deserves that title. How dare you Dan yep yeah? Where were we? What are we talking about boomer being like the n-word yeah boomers? Not the n-word. You are boomer ass idiot, just accept it dude, it's just boomer, and also it's just it's literally your dictionary.com as an epic quote that they they have. This is awesome that they quote to ated him who's running these a social accounts man dictionary.com quotes. We did this guy, he said they said. Boomer is an informal noun referring to a person born during a baby boom, especially one born in the u.s. between 1946 and 1965. The n-word is one of the most offensive words in the English language, so dictionary.com was even dunking on this guy. That's pretty bad! That's a very boomer attitude to be like to be like, as so privileged and then all the sudden to put yourself in the category of being ages ageist into something comparable to the n-word, it's crazy, so the boomers aren't down, but I think that if anything, that just makes people want to say it more. Of course it does I I thought that was old money are calling it ages. You know I mean look how people treated this poor girl Greta. What was her name Anita, Greta, nope well, Greta was right. Yeah I mean literally people said about her I. Don't know, I mean it was just outrageous help, people of really boomer generation uh-oh just missing her, because she's young yeah, just [ __ ] on her for being like this ignorant little girl but she's dead. On about everything she said, you know well good for her I, like her boomer, ass, [, __ ] I mean our president is a boomer. Is that right, uh he'd be on the upper end of it, but yeah for sure. Our president is a boomer you guys just let that set in I'm sick of these old presidents. Man I want two young supple I want a man with a supple stone. You know what I mean. Oh yeah, that's funny. I looked at um. Are you doing something for the show, yeah baby, the baby boomer generation, but I? Looked it up in Hebrew, because I was curious. That's why I doing my funk so on day, like celebrities that are boomers or I, don't know what to call them, and so they got Steve Jobs Bill, Gates, Bill, Clinton, boomer, boomer and then they do have Donald Trump here, yeah Donald Trump is a Boomer City. Actually, the one Bill Gates is a pretty is a good boomer. There you go and you don't like Bill Gates, oh damn you such like a sliver. Is your dad's, a total lip [ __ ], wait why? What did he do to you? Bill Gates, yeah, Bill Gates is a ruthless businessman. What are you talking? That's the Tuck yeah! That's what they said about him in the 90s, but now he's one of the greatest philanthropist of all time. Yeah, that's great that he wants to give away all his money that he got by ill-gotten gains. That's cool! It's not ill-gotten! Come on you're such a socialist did dance like a hard left, buddy invented. He didn't invent anything. He stole everything that he made millions of dollars off of getting a lot of dog I. Am this these? This is not. That sounds in disparity theory. Didn't he win his antitrust law lawsuit against the government? Well, there were a lot in the late 90s and no I. Don't think he won all of them. They they didn't get a lot of penalties and stuff, but moreover, I mean Windows was stolen. I mean from though from Xerox Xerox yep, where zero zero. Nowhere, because he stole her technology and crushed them sounds better yeah dance sounds pissed, okay, no, not you they sound! You know some will make it that far tell you why I think Bill Gates is being like a con like just because he stole something it would be. The richest man in the world have more to him than that. Dan. Let me tell you something: you cannot write off an individual based on one thing in their life. He is a boomer by definition, finding money hold on. That's not true. Dan he's been out of Microsoft for a long time. The guy's, like literally saved so many lives, yeah he's eradicating diseases in Africa. Yes, he's doing more than freaking Amazon guy Jeff Bezos don't give a [ __ ] about the world. Yeah trying to beat Elon Musk who's trying to space suck is a Boomer suck see, but here's the thing about Bill Gates he's transcended being a Boomer. He was a Boomer when he was a ruthless businessman, but now he's transcended, and he now he's worried, he's helping the world he's working on eco energy he's working on eradicating diseases. He is a philanthropist he's a great guy and to be frank with you Dan. If he paid 50 percent of his money into taxes, I think that he was spending that money in a better way than the government would okay, okay, well decide with Dan here, didn't Zuckerberg steal facebook for the Winklevoss? Oh we're not saying anything. Nice about Zuckerberg, nobody's, saying anything nice about suck that guy's a piece of [ __ ], but about anyone successful there's only always gonna be all this um. You know people are gonna, try to go and get them too so I, don't know how. How legit is the point that Xerox or making I don't know yeah they didn't when you're successful you become a target, is my point so I'm sure there's truth to what Dan says he was a ruthless businessman. He was I mean Microsoft, you know I mean, but ultimately I don't know that it's fair to to reduce him to that as a human being and everything he's done in his life to just say, Oh mark Bill Gates is a terrible human being. He was a ruthless businessman. I mean he's doing a lot of good [, __ ] right now say he was adorable. You can't he never redeem himself. In your mind, I mean what does that mean? I mean redeem himself. I said he's a flanch which he's doing a lot of good stuff he's a good boomer. You disagreed with me, you said he's a piece of [ __, ] yeah. Well, so the work that he's done- eradicating malaria in Africa I'm not going to dispute that that's a positive thing, but look up what he's done with education in the United States do a little bit of research on that, and then we can have a discussion about it. What has he done? What back? What could he have done? That was so bad with education, the United States? He he created this fact. It's a long story. Do we really want to get into this sure I care Friday? So he he made all of these charity efforts I'm trying to remember what the name of the foundation is Bill Bellamy about it. Well, it's part of the Bill and Melinda a foundation or whatever Bill Gates. U.S. education, I mean certainly is whatever he did. His intentions were pure no I mean maybe I, don't know. K-12 education, yeah I mean as soon as you just look up: Bill Gates, US education. It's all these articles about Bill Gates. Please stay away from education yeah. He spent like billions of dollars with this philanthropic organization to try and steer schools into all of these kind of experimental. You know Silicon Valley style, education methods and everything and all of the schools that he dropped. All this money into their results went like they like plummeted, like it just like wrecked everything, and he since like abandoned the entire, the entire effort, because it went over so poorly so well, I mean I, don't I, don't fault the guy for trying something our education system isn't necessarily a good one. I mean we have one of the lowest rated educational systems in the world. What's up I, don't think! That's true, honestly, dude of the developed country, the United States, has one as one of the worst educational systems of the developed world. I'm serious people come from all over the world to go to school here. Well, public university, I'm, talking about public education, not higher education. Some states are really terrible, but some are quite good. Okay, boomer, okay, dance hit me with that boomer mentality, egg time, I think we're all boomer. This debate is on all the rails. In short, our president is a boomer and we want someone with a young supple sack with a not droopy. You know how droopy Donald sack is. It probably goes to his [ __ ] knees probably probably wears a diaper to keep that [. __ ] in check I want a man whose sack doesn't droop shorter than the tip of his penis. That and that sadly, disqualifies me as president, but there's someone out there with a nice supple sack waiting for the waiting for the job. Do you know what I'm saying to women's vaginas have the equivalent of droopy balls? Does your [ __ ] sag when you get older, more I, don't know you've, measured, hmm how's, you guys, as ball supple balls going. It's called meat curtains accent. You can say that into the mic, but I, don't I, don't think. That's a result of Aging I! Think that's just something! There's just the way your genitals are: let's hack, ok, I got really quiet back there. What's going on asking about my balls? Yes, we are your balls they're great they're, great they're, they're, tight, high and tight I. Don't believe you ok, I'll, show you after the few guys, a ball hang or one like yes, I'm, maybe gonna ask Ian boy, you guys who try to make this. The worst show ever tell me about your balls. He is the greatest show ever made all right. Let's move it on! You guys are not helping me little. Kid tells his teacher to STFU mmm, that's not right, [Music]. So, like I. Had this comment comment perfectly capture. It's my feeling immediately made me laugh and then I felt really bad for the kid yeah, because you know his how his home is just horrid, but there's something incredible about a kid just screaming: Marley yeah that poor kid man sure you hears that a lot at home there you have it! That's that story, okay, how long we been going too long. How long and let's see are you over it? Then it's a hour 50! We got the debate about boomers. We got the face thing face: Jarvis I, don't care! Well, you want to debate this with me. Faze Jarvis, [, __, ] I, don't care and nobody cares about this [ __ ]. He cheated in fortnight, he got banned for life and me and Dan were debating if the punishment was just but I, don't think Dan was to debate with me anymore. Think he's about me calling him a Boomer who would have thought that it would be Bill Gates that would come between us. It is pretty shocking stand up for that. Guy I, like Bill, Gates and I, don't understand the story. There's plenty of there's plenty of rich people that just sit on their [ __ ] gold coins, like smog Lord of the Rings reference. There are plenty of people he's not he's, not the worst. Thank you, okay. Thank you. Also, stills come back. Okay, all right. We got the NSA's, not the word, but from what I understand they donated like 250 million for the education thing yeah, it's like I, just I doubt that his sing you some articles like I, got to do a little bit of real once it's a nuanced discussion shares like wasn't really prepared to have right now, yeah. What I will say is that I'm sure his his intentions were? Probably you know I mean he's not just trying to ruin the educational system, but I. You know it's possible. He left them just high and dry and made a mess of them left. You know that's kind of what happened. Yes and but again my issue is I'm not taking issue with him, trying to do good things, I'm talking about how he got the money in the first place. Beings coming that's good. It is good that he's trying to do something good with it. I agree with you at least he's not just like sitting on it. Like Bezos I just gave half to divorce. Ex-Wife became the third richest woman in the world just by divorce, yeah, so awesome is it woman or just third richest person, pure woman? Well, it's just woman, specific okay, that's pretty well so sick! Here, let's talk about it, one money as well we're doing good on time right! You uh, it's only 2:15! So here is this guy face Jarvis played he played for tonight with a aimbot and he knew he was gonna get banned. Now, when I heard this story, I thought he was playing in secret, keeping it a secret and just trying to pretend like he was really good at the game. But that's not what happened. What happened was that he made a video being like hey guys. Someone told me about aim. Bot, I, didn't believe them and I actually got it installed and I want to make a video showing guys what a mod is and so they'd made a new account. He even did it on a new computer because he knew how severe it was that it would ban your IP. They don't take to a lightly Innes someone who's played a lot of competitive gaming counter-strike and all of that I mean there's nothing worse than cheaters. They ruined, though integrity the whole game. Here you can see them playing downstairs right. Somebody has given javis. What are you doing right now? Bro? What are you doing? Jama just firing -, nothing like killing people. Actually, pro players made this video and he got banned here he got banned as he expected. He would so what happens next? His epic was like. Oh no. No! No, we saw the video we're gonna ban, you you real-life you for life from playing the game and participating in any tournament. You're done. This is a professional player. He's you know, I mean you know, he's a professional player select any a professional athlete. You got that level of dedication of training. Here he is crying Nevers, as everybody enjoyed there's nothing better than teary-eyed apologies. Nine million hard for nine community Dan's laughing just like I think these are real tears. This is gonna prevent you from going to any other crash. This kid's Bill Gates as far as dance I just wish. I could have known how badly I was messing up, because I would never have ever thought of even making those kind of videos you get that yeah. You know for him it's more than just not be able to play again. He's like I can't go to tournaments and see you guys. I can't play with my friends. I mean it's this whole life. His whole life revolves around this game, phase Jarvis and he got banned for life so Maya. My initial reaction to this was that it seemed like a over maybe an over reaction by epic, because when I, like I, said when I first heard about the story, I thought he was like competing and pretending he he didn't have a bottle and which is acting like he was that good. If that was the case and I said, yep ban that guy for life, but he was making a one-off video just showing what aimbot he's a pro he's in a pro team phase in articles they just referred to him as an entertainer and content creator. Well, they streamed boomer boomer terminology, I mean he's in phase, which is a professional gaming team. So that's why I say that obviously I don't know, but he participates in tournaments and stuff. So when I realize it was just a one-off video, then I did I felt bad for the kid I mean they could have suspended him for like six months a year, but the lifelong ban seems I, mean I, understand where they're coming from, because you want to deter. They said they stress in a statement. They have a zero-tolerance policy for the use of cheating software. The pro players were teaming where Jarvis was modifying the game itself. Also. What cheating in eSports is damaging aimbots and similar game hacks sour the game for many more people, I totally agree with them. I mean there's really nothing worse than cheaters in this game, but the fact that he wasn't hiding it the fact that he was kind of showing it showcasing it as a one-off video makes me think they just didn't think it through just died and he's 17 he's a kid. I could see myself doing the same thing at that age, just trying to make an entertaining video, not thinking of like the the far-reaching consequence of it and they I mean look I get where they coming from with a lifelong ban, I [, __ ] hate cheaters in these kinds of games. I despise it I. Just wonder why not like a year or something that could you serve your time and then you have another chance. Well, Dan disagreed with me. Dan Dan strongly disagree with me on this point. Well, I mean mostly it's that this is their policy of how they treat cheaters and if they were to go lenient on him, I mean just because just because he's a streamer like that, he got special treatment and I mean I'm sure that would cause a huge backlash in the other direction. You know what I mean like if they went lenient on him well, most of what I said it as most people can just go, make another account or make another IP address or play over a you know a VPN or something, but so because he's famous they were able to ban him right, and so he can't go to terminus. He can't play the game anymore. He can't not play the game right, I mean well. Theoretically, they wouldn't want to do that to anybody who's cheating, the game. They don't have the ability to, but in his because he was dumb and advertised. It tried, you know, monetized it and turned it into content him breaking the rules. It made him an easy target for them. I think, if you think about like another example to you know, because if they had gone lenient on him or only band, you know one accountant known as other one. That would essentially be advertising that you can get away with doing this like just going I mean yeah. Well, that's why I was suggesting something like a year been that would have sent the same message. I feel like a year ban. You know you know that abate their policy than sure. But again, if, if that's the rule, is that if you use you know they're trying to deter people from doing it, use the software you get permanently banned from the game. If they don't do that to him, then he's kind of getting special treatment. I, don't know that I mean it takes a lot to get banned from other professional sports. Even Mike Tyson was able to box him. Wasn't he after he bit Evander zahl? It feels ear off. I mean it's soccer, for example, I mean what do you have to do to get banned for life? I guess maybe drug use, yeah I mean if you that's, your doping. I. Think you do get banned for life from you know, betting I know betting can get you banned for life. Like I mean there. There is instances. Does doping can't you ban from life? I know there was a huge doping scandal in baseball where all those guys banned for life I, don't even think so. Barry Bonds, they didn't ban him, but he is the all-time highest homerun record. So there's an asterisk next to it. Yeah hmm! Well, that's not yeah, but he got to keep playing I'm sure he got suspended yeah. But that's the thing I mean it's. It's it's an interesting problem as we you know, as this professional video gaming eSports becomes more and more popular there I don't know, I mean he could have been one of the great players and now he's banned for life. I guess maybe just him so severe. Like so harsh for life, I'm sure I mean it's a good deterrent I get where they're coming from, but I do feel bad for him. I do I looked at I see that yesterday it seems like ninja agrees with you. He's uh he's come out and interesting said that he shouldn't be banned for life yeah because again it's like. If he was trying to compete with that in secret, then I would say, fan that [ __ ] yeah, like it's totally different, but he wasn't. He wasn't hiding it. He was just doing something dumb. You know so I say free, Jarvis, free phase Jarvis did he take phase out of his name? Was he kicked out of phase not and I've? Seen those guys don't have any morals, they don't care, they give him a second phase. Phase phase, Jarvis free fairies, Jarvis I, say give him I say: give him a one-month ban. I say give him a three-month ban and let the kid play. Let him play the game. Remember that game a movie Rudy were the football player. He was like dumb little [, __ ] and he couldn't play football, but he just wanted to play and then at the end everybody goes Rudy Rudy. You know what I'm talking about, and you guys do that with me: Jarvis Jarvis, Jarvis ja, no, no I'm, not chanting for Jarvis. Sorry dan was dan was coming down hard on Jarvis coming down hard. You softened up since I last spoke to you. I mean I feel a little bit of sympathy, but I haven't changed my mind. You think he should be banned for life. Yeah, [, __, ], cheaters dude, like [ __ ], that imagine all he's doing is ruin the game for other people, like think about. The other. People are on the receiving end of that yeah. How annoying and shitty that no I'm, not angry but I, agree that it should be punished but I just the severity of I guess maybe leave it, but the thing your ban, it might as well be a permanent ban in the exactly then been one year. He's only 17 ban him for one year, but he what dancing? Is the game ain't? Having me popular near and he's it's like a lifelong ban, I say three months: I think that's what I saw ninja said doing me like three or six months: free Jarvis. That's what I'm saying next up tick! Tock is a Chinese data farm super popular, but did you know the tick? Tock was bought by Beijing owned by dance technology in a 1 billion dollar acquisition of us social media apps. Now US lawmakers have been calling in recent weeks for a national security probe in the tic-tock concerned that Chinese companies may be censoring politically sensitive content and raising questions about how it stores personal data. Isn't that awesome, the tenth on owned by China and I? Don't trust you I, don't just general [, __ ], you know they're crazy, if a Chinese government or if a Chinese company owns something like this. You know the government is looking at the data. If they want to mm-hmm, they don't have an option. It's like pure tyranny. Over there. It's like tyranny, plus it's like tyranny, with a little extra. Thank you how funny like, if, at the end of everything, it's tick-tock that would affect the election. Oh yeah, take tax gonna, bring us down richer. Now, it'll be Facebook again, I just thought. You know that was a big press release about how every intelligence agency, like ten of them all, made a joint announcement, saying that our upcoming election is going to be attempted to be persuaded by like Iran China Russia and for us to be vigilant, be aware, and all I could think of. Meanwhile was Mark, Zuckerberg being like hmm time to get paid baby cuz. Recently he went in front of Congress and he's like I'm. I don't think I should ban political ads with the election coming up. Are you kidding me? Maybe, after the election after we make a billion dollars, they're like an hour new president is Vladimir Putin Vladimir Putin is winning all 50 states. Tik-Tok is growing popular among us teenagers at a time of growing tension between United, States and China. Over trade technology, about 60% of tick-tocks, 26 million monthly active users in the United States are between up to age, 16 and 24, with over 110 million downloads in the United States tick. Tock is a potential counterintelligence threat. We cannot ignore Schumer and cotton wrote to Joseph magic, wire, Acting Director of National Intelligence I, don't notice a his name, my Mac Maguire Magikarp, tick, I'm, so bad at names, I, don't know how anyone's but expected to pronunciate names correctly. I mean I, think they're getting worse, but I. Don't I've, never read these names before Maguire I guess I should have known that one tick tock allows users to create and share short videos with special effects. The company. Instead, the United States user data is stored in the United States. But the Senators noted that bite dance is governed by Chinese law. Tick tock also says: China does not have jurisdiction over content of the app which does not operate in China, not influenced by foreign government, but US employee said moderators based in Beijing. Had the final call on whether flag videos were approved. The former employees said their attempts to persuade Chinese teams not to block or penalize certain videos were routinely ignored out of caution about the Chinese government's restrictions and previous penalties on other bye, dance, apps. So they're basically censoring the content there, as if it was Chinese audience because again, they're afraid of daddy China restricting because China could be like sorry, you can't operate in the US anymore, so they gotta suck China's dick mm-hmm. That's everything all right dan. How are you feeling now that we're finished with the showdown? Are you relieved? Are you happy how you feeling I didn't realize we're done? Okay, Zack? How are you feeling fantastic in you haven't said much I want to hear more from you. Why you not? Why are you giving non-vocal responses? I got a piece, so bad gave a thumbs up. It's a thing: I gotta press, the button I got a process. It's a whole thing. You got plans this weekend. I thought it was supposed to help. Now it resulted with less talking right, I'm here I'm here. What do you want to know? What do you got planned this weekend? I am going to a meet-and-greet after this for a musician I like and then a movie name and of Hussian fka twigs Jesus. You are really underground. Man put out an album today. It's very good I highly recommend it. It's a girl. Yes, is she underground? She came out, not bad underground. Can you repeat her name again: fka twigs, fk8 whit? What does fka stand for? I mean I, know formerly known, as is: what's that's, usually useful? That's how she's used waves, so I don't know, but she put our great album. So okay well I'm impressed when you do any stuff. What movie are you seeing? The lighthouse I want to see that this weekend, - Oh Jason was in town, video game donkey and Leah. They told us to watch that movie really high rating at night, then, because this is our last night with a babysitter. Oh, we fired our what we did fire we just if we faced it out. So we have no more babysitting time during the night and we should go see a movie, but I'd rather spend it with the dogs, because with the baby and the dogs is like I, don't have any time for anybody. I feel bad and when the baby's sleeping I want to be with the dogs, because I don't have any time with them. If we go to a movie, these poor guys are gonna, be at home by themselves and then, when we come, you know, do you know what I mean it's like I'm gonna, be with the doggies there's sweet little guys should see the movie the dogs to lightkeepers tried to maintain their sanity while living on a remote and mysterious new england, island and the 1890s I heard it's a a comedy like comedy horror, uh I, don't think you would call it a comedy but I guess it's funny. There's probably humorous aspects to it, but no I, don't think it's a comedy. Is it a horror film or is it like suspense I haven't seen it yet it looks pretty spooky. It says it's a gripping story, brilliantly filmed and led by a pair of powerful performing powerhouse performances. You know: I'm warming up to the idea of the Twilight guy being Batman, he's apparently very good in this movie, so I'm warming up, that's been in quite a few other Michael Keaton can be Batman than anyone. Can that's what I'm saying what how dare you? But if you look at a picture of Michael Keaton, you would never think Bruce Wayne, that's the great famine. I think he's a good Batman, but like oh just something, looks yeah. If someone's like Michael Keaton is gonna, be Batman I'd be like what you know. What I mean yeah he's a he's, a great Batman. Look at this Batman I! Guess it could I, don't have that feeling yeah I guess it could be. What about? Oh, it's a shame. We never got the Segal Batman movie. He doesn't strike me as superhero ass, but Val Kilmer was probably worse. Bad I feel like he does he's got that face. He does have kind of a Bruce Wayne vibe. Doesn't he does like older Bruce Wayne, wiser, Bruce Wayne you've received the Nick Cage Superman screen test? No wait. Was he auditioning for Batman? No, no Superman! Look it up! It's [ __ ] hilarious, Superman audition, this yep no way this is real. It's very real! Why Superman bald the [ __ ] is crazy. You really you've never seen this before. No, oh man, if that's forward a little bit when he's in the full suit, it's [, __, ] great! You think that thought is gonna. [, __, ], us yeah, rubble turn it off. So that goes under the suit. So it looks jacked yeah, I guess so. That's pretty cool dude right now, he's like hell, yeah, I'm gonna be Superman. I lost my mouse here it is. Is that audio? Just like just music general music, yeah dude with long hair, take a look at that flower. That is so bad. Even in his mind, he's like really yeah. That's right. It was gonna, be Tim, Burton, movie, Tim Burton! Oh, that makes sense. Yeah Superman lives well and he made the original Batman's. So he knows what he's doing his hair. Why Superman a mess he's supposed to his hair he's? What suit looks lik hybrid of the Joker and Superman right, I? Think Nic Cage would make an amazing Joker. Actually, oh, that could actually be good. Yeah I think he would be that suit is awesome. He looks so jacked yeah I'll shine, E and [ __ ] I love. How he's just casually chatting with whoever that is, is that Tim Burton yeah it looks like Nick Cage, its reflection in the mirror. That's why you wanted. He gives everyone the same hair as him. Everybody every male lead in Tim, Burton Oh. Has that hair? Oh that's funny! Oh Beetlejuice, -, yeah everybody! Why is this even the females have that haircut. Everyone has the same hair. What do you was this like? Was he actually casted for this cuz? Otherwise, why is oh, so much effort you know like well. That movie was never made so I wonder if it was just canned for some reason, yeah I think I got cancelled. It was scrapped. That's a shame. I wonder why I'm sure that how fit looks amazing dude. That would be great if the Superman was like middle-aged dim, balding receding. Hairline like it doesn't make. Oh that's right. I think the script was by Kevin Smith. So how did that go wrong? That sounds amazing. Yeah I, don't know it just didn't end up ocular. It's crazy, I gotta! Get me in that suit. I love. How he's talking to like he's like his mannerisms as if he's in like a Andy Kaufman, is that his name yeah Andy Kaufman, he's the guy that made adaptation right, Charlie, Kaufman, Charlie Kaufman his mannerisms, like he's in a Charlie Kaufman movie, but he's Superman what a kook? What a kooky is, the director all right? That's it we're done all right! Everybody thanks for watching, happy, Friday! Happy weekend, everybody stay blessed! Thank you for watching till the end of a free, podcast extravagance of the worst episode of the best show. Ever it's still better than the best episode of the some of the better shows out there follow you dig yeah I, follow I, don't know if I know meat, no meat, no meat, no meat, you don't eat meat anymore. Vegetarian fed fetch, fetch fetch vegetarian I'm gonna, try, okay, how it goes I will try my best, but only but men are supposed to eat me. I'm gonna be a soybean if I don't eat bacon raw bacon, I'm gonna be a beta, male and and I have to eat raw bacon like shoenice according to Jill Rogan shoenice is the ultimate alpha. Male he's right: - Marge face game things. Marge face it's crazy, so we're gonna get so shoenice. If you don't hear from me, it's dance, full mm-hm, I, give you use address, go visit him not me, go to the post office and get afforded you should. We should try that we should go undercover and see if we can afford like I. Don't know it doesn't make any sense. She even asked me for my ID. She asked me for all these documents and then yeah and she's, like oh just put it in the mailbox I, don't know what happened there. So the lady asked you for your ID and all this yeah and then, after verifying some else, filling it out yeah. So she it's almost like. She made the decision to [ __ ] you over yeah afterwards, yeah, that's what a [ __ ], so weird I didn't do anything I walked in like I. Didn't do anything I done something you didn't do and you're probably looking to flying. She got better. Were you looking fly that day? No, probably you were you look fly every day, mm-hmm you're probably looking to fly all right. Have we done the music stop dance? Then it stopped a while ago it played again. We got the music back No. Oh my god, do you gotta tell people that you forgot again what happened to you tako and that he made people say because last time he forgot, you told people if you're listening until now comment like what everything was so funny and then he saw all those comments and he thought those were actual computed. So it happened again. Ethan's now out here with us, Joe chose X camera. Alright have a great weekend. Everybody will see comment, Ethan, look so good this happy, so it is really um. Is that the fitting window is really working. They go. Okay, goodbye I, see you next to you. There [Music] you.