Welcome everybody to today's episode of the h3 podcast I'll, be totally frank with you. This is one that I've not been looking forward to. I've in fact been dreading having this person back on oliver tree last time. We had him on. He broke he first of all, he tried to take me on a vape off lost tragically then, because he was so angry he broke, he started trashing our our studio. He broke our our talking, beanie and then like he went through this crazy rage and broke. He brought in his own big vape pen and he broke it and it was just I don't know. I didn't really like the guy, but um [Music]. Basically, his producer called our producer and both of those names is dan, which is weird, so they have like a weird camaraderie, because both their names is dan and dan. Our dan has been begging us, like you, gotta, do them a favor he's got this new album coming out called ugly's beautiful comes out july, the 17th, which it's already out I didn't get. I did see you're not supposed to start talking. Yet just do you. Can you can somebody turn his mic off I'll? Be me? Can somebody turn his mic off please until I'm ready so anyway, his album his album's out? It's called ugly's beautiful. It's getting really horrible reviews by me anyway. I haven't read any of the real reviews, but I heard it and I didn't like it at all, so I was like. Why am I going to bring him on and promote this trash album called uglies beautiful out july 17th, which is yesterday and but dan was like? Please, you uh. Please do me this favor, so I'm doing this for dan in honor of their relationship with the other dan anyway. Also, today's episode is sponsored by candidco me, undies and tushy, who we love and cherish. So with that being said, oliver tree a musician artist, entertainer uh anger management, anger problems, poor vapor uh you can, you can enter now. Oliver tree may enter the frame and speak to us and and protest as well oliver's, just flipped he's rolled in and he's flipped this off. Why are you first of all see I feel like everything he does? Is just dude he's trying to show me up, but he's not good like he knows that I have the gatsby right. You know about the gatsby right because he's rolled up in some ghetto like gold, spray-painted, mobility, scooter and he's trying to show me up he's just flipping me off oliver. What is are you injured, though, for real? What's going on? I don't know if you're paying attention to anything in the news man, but yesterday I rode the world's biggest scooter a half mile and I broke the world [ __ ] record and a lot of people are talking about it and I don't know if you watched, but there was an actual accident that happened at the finish line, where a gust of wind actually knocked me over. I actually broke my radius bone and my hand broke multiple bones in my ankle here you can see this. I got a couple: abrasions rooms, nothing too major. I've definitely had much more gnarly crashes, but it was kind of a bittersweet kind of thing where I actually was able to make it the length of the course, but are you staying on? Are you done yeah? No, it's on. I just wasn't. Oh my god. This guy is a walking calamity. Just let me know when you're done. We can actually have an interview or something I don't know. What bro did you get a concussions or something like? Did you get brain damage? There was a brief moment where I was out. I was seeing stars and there was actually a moment where I left my body. I was looking over myself and that was pretty [ __ ] surreal. Did you see a doctor? I think you might have brain injuries. I spent the night in the hospital I got out at 6 00 a.m. This [ __ ] morning. I barely slept two hours, so I'm a bit off today, but okay. That makes sense yeah. If we have to do this thing now, let's [ __ ]. Do it so tell me about the uh giant world record I mean, if you crash, is it still a world record right? Well, technically, I did make it to the finish line, but the wind knocked me over. While I was hitting the line and it just was there a record keeper there from guinness yeah we had guinness. We had this guy randy rigatoni from guinness world book of records. Who was there representing them and we had all the legit specs everything was filled out and then I was able to make it roughly a half mile down this landing strip and it was a pretty [ __ ] crazy, ass moment. I don't know if you watched it, it sounds like it didn't. No can I watch it come. Do you have the video yeah it's on youtube? We live streamed it yesterday and now it's available for the world to see to tell you the truth. It was pretty [ __ ] up that the whole thing got completely ruined the scooter's pretty damaged right now, but I do have a new dream. I'm looking to drive this thing across america trying to take it state to state and eventually trying to take this thing global. So I am looking for investors if anybody wants to throw down on this private investors, major companies we're looking for any kind of funding, but we're trying to take the world's biggest scooter across america. Okay and what- and so, if I'm investing, is what what is my like. You know, what am I investing in exactly am I is there all kinds of [ __ ] man we can get into that later, but essentially we'll throw your logo in there say. Oh, I see you we'll give you a you want a sponsor and how fast does so? How approximately? How fast would it take you to get cross-country in that thing? How long would it take anywhere from a month to two months? I think at this point it depends on if I'm able to install the motor in it or not, because that could cut a lot of time out. It is pretty heavy it's about 600 pounds so so to move it on my own. It takes a lot of energy and, to be frank with you, you know I can only ride it for about three hours. A day before I start to collapse. Uh okay sounds like a good plan, but you may need like a year so yeah. I don't think. I think two months is optimistic in that case, but um oliver, your album is out ugly is beautiful. Now it's called. Why is it called ugly? Is beautiful? Is it because you're ugly- and you feel like you, wish that you, oh, that you were beautiful? I heard all that [ __ ], you were talking you [ __ ], talking about the [ __ ] beanie, and all this [ __ ]. You didn't even know how to [ __ ] turn the beanie on and now you're calling me out in the middle of a [ __ ] interview, it's supposed to be a [ __ ] puff piece, dude dude. Of course I knew how to turn it. I you say that it's not a pun who said it's a punk piece, [ __, ] interview who told you this was a puff piece. What who told you this was a puff piece? I think what they meant to say was it's a snuff piece ooh. You know what a snuff film is no well don't you want to explain it to me. Don't google it because it's very disgusting, do you know what a snuff film is? No hey. Can we wrap this thing up? It's it's not buried up, yeah, real questions or what a snuff film it's like. It's a it's a porn where they kill you at the end. That's what a snuff film is, but I don't know why so many people know what that is, because it's just so bizarre. I think there was a movie about it. Oliver and I didn't know about it so dan, you know what a snuff film is right. Yeah. I don't think it has to be uh pornographic necessarily, but it's like a film where somebody's actually being hurt or killed in it. There was a movie about it. What was it called uh? We should talk about that film and less about oliver. Hey. Can we wrap this [ __ ] thing up man? How long are you going to do this one? For so let me wait. Wait. Let me uh break in here. Real quick, um, oliver's uh love is a little too hot. When he's yelling, it's getting really distorted. I don't know if um ryan wants to come in and adjust the gain on it a little bit so do your. Do you have tech guys to know what they're doing there oliver, or did you set that up yourself? I set all this [ __ ] up myself. Yeah! Do everything myself now I can barely hear you. I'm gonna hear you oliver yeah, maybe split the difference. It's quite. It's super quiet bro! It's really! I mean you're, not even talking. So how can I tell how loud you are? You have to talk to do a sound check, oliver, hello yeah. I can hear you now hear me dan. How does that sound uh? I think that sounds better. It was really just when he started. Can you yell that it became an issue yeah? Can you yell something oliver? What the [ __ ] dude? Are you [ __ ]? Joking all right, profanity, that's going on youtube! If you, if you curse like that, then this whole video is going to get demonetized. So don't video you're never going to see the [ __ ] light of date, man, how are the sound levels? It is better. Okay, oliver come back. Let's just finish this look both of us don't want to be here. So why did you call your album ugly is beautiful. Ugly is beautiful, is about learning to love yourself, it's about learning, to find the beauty and those imperfections and those things that you have trouble learning to accept about yourself and the truth is those are the things that built the character and those are the things that made you who you are. So you know it's about on a surface level being able to accept yourself and love yourself and ultimately learn how to accept where you are in life, because the thing is, you know we always are constantly wanting more. It's never enough, and this is constant game where we're constantly asking. How can we have more? How can we have more, and at this point you need to learn to accept where you're, at and ugly as beautiful is about arriving to a place of acceptance where you can accept not only the way you look and the way you feel and who you are, but additionally, where you are in this world at this time and just accept this, is it okay we're wrapping it up? After that, I did have a follow-up question. Uh oliver rode his scooter off. Can we get you out of that scooter? I feel like it's giving a huge obstacle to this interview. I feel, like you've got all the power with that scooter and I'm just stationary like I've. I wish that I had my gatsby and I was able to write off screen too oliver yeah. Well, you should have brought it so oliver. Let me ask you: you say that it's about accepting what you have. I know you you've you've gained some thought holy [ __ ], oliver just crashed into uh some kind of furniture. Oliver, do you say that, because you have achieved um a lot of success, I think in the underground kind of indie, music or you're, not really indie. Are you you're kind of owned by the man? First of all, I'm definitely not an indie underground artist. I'm mainstream yeah! This album is a mainstream album. Okay! Okay, ultimately, if you ask me, the fact is, my life has been nothing but failure after failure, I signed a record deal when I was 18 years old. Here we are nine years later I haven't even put one album out. I've made 15 albums at least upwards of 15 albums. I've made countless endless [ __ ] singles the truth. Is I'm [ __ ] done wait. Sorry. What are we talking about? Oliver? Do you? Do you consider the haircut being one of the failures? My haircut is what has made me who I am okay. Are you wearing a wig or is that your hair? This is my hair, should prove it. Let me see your hairline prove it pull it back, pull it back, [ __ ]. Can you say the p one? I don't know, but you so are, but but seriously on a serious note as a as a somewhat successful musician. I'll say like do you feel, like you find yourself wanting more success but you're just kind of excited. You said it all in the [ __ ] question dude, my project has been ultimately a failure to this point, like everything I've tried to do has always just missed the [ __ ] bar has just missed the marker. My entire life has been one failure after another and the truth is life is about failure. Success is about failure. Those failures are what we pick ourselves up and we keep going and if you don't do the same thing again, then it's not a mistake. It's a learning experience. I believe that very very thoroughly, and so the truth is. I have been chasing my whole life trying to get to where I want, and I will never be there. It will never be enough. So I'm at this point- or I have to just accept this- is it. This is where I am you got to just enjoy it. This is the [ __ ] golden days in a couple years, I'm going to be looking back being like what happened. Man, I [ __ ]. Let myself go. I mean this is, if you think about it. This is probably the peak of your career right now being on the show with us. This is the [ __, ] lowest point I have ever hit in my entire life, really even that scooter crash everything you've been through. You know, the scooter crash was fun compared to this [ __ ] dude. I don't know what I'm doing wrong. I'm trying to hold up conversation, but how am I supposed to have a conversation with somebody who's? Not even in frame oliver stop driving the [ __ ] scooter bro? Don't you have handlers what's happening? Do you have handlers where's dan? Can you just play with a fidget spinner and stop moving just turn off the motor? Please. I can't conduct an interview. Thank you. Now, oliver, your album has been canceled. How many times like seven times, it's been cancelled, eight or nine times at this point. So what so like once or twice I feel like, I can forgive and call it a coin like just bad luck, but after seven eight nine times, I have a feeling that there's some kind of shenanigans going on like. Why do you continue to to have these false starts? Why do you keep cancer? I think I wanted the [ __ ] album to come out three years after I signed with the label. The label is the one not letting me release this [ __ ]. You think I wanted to put out eps, that's the equivalent of taking your [ __ ] book and having someone pull out a chapter and say: oh well, this one will do. We can put that one out now and maybe we'll put a chapter here only reason I did any of those [ __ ] eps was so that I could get budgets to make music videos. The whole thing is, you have to give and take a little bit and without these [ __ ] things. If I didn't agree to do the ep, there would be no music videos. I would never have the major budgets that I was able to get, but it comes at a cost. I had to give bits of my body of work that I've been working on for five [ __ ] years had to give that up. Ultimately, this is something that has been a long time coming and through the process I have become so [ __, ] jaded working in the industry that this is my last album. So, ultimately, let me just say this one more time. Okay, let me cut you off. Ultimately, this is my last [ __ ] album I'm ever dropping as oliver tree. I'm done with this [ __ ], the [ __ ] rip the [ __ ] record label can go [, __ ] themselves, the [ __ ] radio departments who just keep vampiring me and keep asking for more and more [ __ ]. They can go [, __ ] themselves, all the [ __ ] fans, who I dedicate my life to to giving them art, and they talk [ __ ] about me. They can go [, __ ] themselves, I'm done with this [ __ ]. I don't need it anymore. I put my whole life into it and all I've gotten is [. __ ] disrespect, don't drive off dude. Please don't drive off just wait. Dude I have. I have some follow-up. There's a lot of follow-up questions, but you're in you're. Are you sure about this? Okay, am I sure about what this is your last album? Yes, I'm [, __ ] sure. Let me paint it for you very [, __ ]. Clearly I spend 90 of my time promoting this music. I am artist. I've spent my entire life making art and now that I'm in this possible spot and now that I'm in the spot, where I'm making commercially viable music there's a lot of stresses and pressures that are put on to making sure that the music makes back a fraction of the money that's being spent going into it. So there's all this need to promote and promote and promote, and when do I get time to make [ __ ] music, I'm here spending my days with [ __ ] bastards, like you ethan wasting my days away. While I could be making songs, making movies making art- and it's just I'm so [ __ ] sick of this [ __ ], I want to go back to being an artist making art not just being a promotion sucker. I just sold my soul for this [ __ ] and I'm so [ __ ] done so I want to make movies. I want to do a lot of other things. I got to make the greatest album. I could make arguably one of the greatest rock albums of my generation and that's that I'm gonna leave it at that and the truth is all music. Snobs say this: oh I like the earlier stuff, I like the earlier stuff. Well guess what you can have the earlier stuff, because that's it I'm going out on a [, __ ] high note: why is it that the record label does not want you to release your album? That doesn't make sense? Okay, let me make this very simple. When I was releasing music at the start, I had maybe five to ten thousand followers. I talked to the label. I had a full album made and I said: hey: what do you guys think? Can we drop this and then they said well, the truth is oliver you're not going to drop an album until you have a million followers? Otherwise it's not going to count as an album- and I said this a million followers and I can put out an album and they said a million followers and you can put out an album and I [ __ ]. Two years later I get a million followers and I go to the label and I'm like all right. We've reached the [ __ ] point: aren't we ready to put an album out yet and guess what they [ __ ] told me: why don't you tell me I don't want to guess you need to have two million followers before you drop an album. They literally told me that that why would they sign you, though, if what the expectation they sign you because they see the potential, but the thing is to make these albums cost multiple millions of dollars. So for them to get their return on investment, they have to make a product that is going to be actually have an audience behind it, and if you don't have at least a couple million followers, there is no real audience behind it. That is the theory that they have, and that is their entire game. They play, and I am [ __ ] sick of playing the game. I'm done. Do you think that kovid 19 was possibly a conspiracy to prevent your album from releasing on time? No did the record album start covered? Well because kovid, I think, delayed your previous album release right, that's true, yeah. That was one of the reasons, but, ultimately you know the world got shut down. You couldn't do any productions, you couldn't do anything. It was like what you're gonna release the album without the whole world built around it, and so is it true that you lost 150 000 followers on instagram, when you announced again that you delayed it was within the first two or three days or the first two days. That's gotta hurt, I mean that's gotta hurt because you know what [ __ ] them right. I want the real fans, I'm done with the [ __ ] fake fans, man they're there they're, like oh we're fans. You barely heard what you know: name of a song or two. You know any lyrics bud. These people are [ __, ] fake. So you said that the people are talking [, __, ] about you. What kind of stuff do they say? Everything under the sun man, I've received everything from death, threats to people who want to make my life miserable. I have people who stalk my [ __ ] parents. It's a [, __ ] way to live. Yes, I have people who are reaching out to my parents as people who are old friends of me and trying to get my number that way and it's [ __ ] up man there's some really [ __ ] up people out there who have no boundaries; um, that's true! Actually that is actually true and you just have experienced it tell me about it. I want to hear about yours. No, I agree. People don't have boundaries. It's just it's strange that people don't understand that they shouldn't do those things. You know. Sometimes people come to our house and uh they just they don't somehow don't realize what they're doing is super creepy and weird and wrong. But when I call when I like I've been calling your parents, for example, trying to get your cell number but because we've met before. Obviously it's not a big deal, and I- and I also had a few other people like because your parents blocked my number, so I I recruited some people on craigslist but they're contacting them through me. So I know it's fine, but some people just don't get it right. That was you no well. No, it was through by proc. Are you telling me you're the [ __ ] guy who's, getting my [ __ ] phone number from my parents by proxy yeah? I have people. Do it? It's not me directly because they blocked my number already all right. Dude, let's wrap this [ __ ] interview up. Is there any questions? Yeah um, when's? The last time you washed that jacket? Okay, dude [, __ ], you I'm so done with this [ __ ] when's the last time you washed those jeans bro we hacked low on battery. It just turned off so, but that was us. You can't live, what's it like being a touring artist during covid, because now I feel like that's a big source of of revenue right, it's touring. Do you think? That's the only way artists make money yeah. So I don't know it's got to be it's kind of got to be tough time. Revenue-Wise right, I mean, ultimately, that's why I'm leaving the music industry not only have I been so jaded by my experiences and the way that they make me feel like [, __ ] and that it's never going to be enough, but ultimately there's no money in this [ __ ] and there was a while where I went to there was a while, where I went to business school in san francisco state and I studied business, and I know business like the back of my hand. But the thing is: when you look at the the actual structure for the music industry, the bubble has bursted. What do you mean the bubbles bursted it's over man but like? Well? I guess you mean, because you can't tour anymore, which was pretty much the only way or we're doing press interviews through a [ __ ] zoom, dude yeah. That's pretty sad, I have to say I'm. I we had a really epic plan for our podcast in studio, but the cove has been getting so crazy. We kind of I just I had to call it off and frankly, like I've been wat, and I think I made the right decision because I've been watching you guys set up back there nobody's wearing masks, you guys are all breathing down each other's throats, and so I am confident I made the right decision ultimately, but I am sad that, because we were going to do a scooter race man, we were going to buddy up on the world's biggest scooter we were going to. I was basically we were going to have like a mma style, pen or uh like throw down. We were going to do some brazilian jiu jitsu as well. Dude, I'm just [, __ ] happy. I don't have to be in the same room as you two suckers. Do you think you have kovid honestly at this point I have no idea. I am sweating like a pig right now you are, let me see your hairline, you can see. Oh yeah, it is real. So why didn't you show it to me before cool ethan? I do what I want when I want not when I have people asking me for [ __ ], favors dude. I owe you nothing. I feel like I just [ __ ] a little bit seeing his hairline like it's like seeing a girl's thigh. You know back in the day when, like that's gross well, no because it's hot, because you don't usually see that so I got a little turned on, but you know how like in some cultures like they go, oh the elbow, don't show the elbow or it's whatever is covered, and they don't. Let you see that's what turns people on so oliver lifting his hairline. I definitely got chubbed up a little bit yeah. I don't know if we can use that part man. Well, it's not really up to you. Is it right. I mean it's not really up to you I'll talk to dan. I know your guy um, so you're broke. You have no fans, I'm just recapping. You have no income. Generally speaking, people have people, don't like you as much as they used to your record label. Is sick dude. How old are you? What are you a 50 year old youtuber? Let's keep the [ __ ] comments down to a minimum, I'm just recapping. What we've learned, I'm trying to recap our interview, thus far so like you know so, but correct me where I'm wrong be honest with you. I came here trying to be in a good mood. I just had a [ __ ] up night, I'm all [ __ ] up. I was in the hospital got out at six [ __ ] am. I show up still to your [ __ ] ass interview and the truth is man. I brought [ __ ] gifts. I thought I was gonna. Be a nice guy coming out here, giving gifts to everybody, but meanwhile I come out here and you're [ __ ] talking [ __ ] before I'm not talking [, __ ], I'm literally just recapping what we learned. I was trying to regain the ground. We covered. You correct me where I'm wrong. Okay, so you brought gifts. I mean that is really nice. I don't know if I want to give him any more well, you have to give it a gift. As a gift yeah, you can well technically it would be if I was in the same room, but since you guys canceled that portion of the interview- maybe I can keep all my gifts. Maybe that's not such a big deal. That would just be weird. You want to keep the gifts you bought us. I don't know they're pretty good gifts. Maybe I do all right. Listen oliver! Not to this is we have to take a break and then we'll do the gifts when we come back. Is that? Okay? That's not okay, man, I'm about to leave just don't leave, because I do want the kids. I want the gifts. Uh yeah bro is this: like I don't understand, is this an interview or like aren't we supposed to talk about [, __ ] like you got to, let me ask you something we'll get into that later ethan. What is this? It's just like some kind of you have to ask some [ __ ] questions. I don't know if you ever every time I try asking questions. You roll your ass off screen. You haven't asked me one decent question: this whole [ __ ] hour or two. How long have we been here? 30 minutes, do you have a chair in the where you are? No, I don't know you can obviously walk too, like what is this [ __ ]? I can literally leave this here like this, could be my standoff position for the remainder. Well, I can I mean. Is this a good distance for you guys yeah or do you want me further back? No, this is good, not further cool, closer all right. Let's just go to break and then we'll we'll there we go something like that. Maybe yeah that's good that'll, be my go-to spot for the remainder of the interview. That sounds great sorry about moving. So much. Thank you for saying that I was getting nervous yeah. I understand it's stressful. Thank you to me undies for sponsoring this episode of the h3 podcast. It also works as a scarf if you're really dedicated, but you no need to do that because, let me tell you about me undies. This is the most comfortable underwear in the game. You're gonna feel like your dick and balls is taking a magic carpet. Ride and aladdin is serenading. You um, that's it I mean. What else do you need to know? Microfibers micro modal? They don't use cotton. Cotton is for a plebian scumbag like their balls and dick to sweat. Like the gan like the genji's, the genji's dan mountain range, the ganges, I believe it's a uh, some kind of geographical location, where I imagine it's very sweaty and uncomfortable. This, for example, is perfect, beautiful weather every time. Every time now listen up, you don't want an empty underwear. Drawer. I'll be honest with you. That's happened to me in my life way too many times mostly before I knew ela and there's look. Sometimes you want to free ball, but other times you're forced into it. And, let's be honest, that's not a good position to be into because well now, with me on these ownerships, you can eradicate that terribleness forever. Mandu's membership is a monthly subscription that says new pairs right to your door. So you can keep your underwear drawer stocked, fresh and fun, plus with membership access, site-wide savings and exclusive sales. You can easily and affordably build a quality collection of super soft undies over time and that's one heck of an upgrade. If you ask me and that's true the difference between this, I don't know where you get your underwear dan, but I get my [ __ ] like for before me. Undues. I used to get it from like in a pack of like five, you know and they all look the same and that should just chafe boy a ride that does all the things you don't want. This solves everything I mean it's like it's a game. Changer, it's crazy uh they've got matching pairs. If you want to be cute with your spouse, you can wear the exact same print. Sick me on these range in sizes, from extra small to 4xl, beautiful and uh. For my listeners they get a 15 off plus plus free shipping, and this is a no-brainer, because it's a 100 satisfaction guarantee. That means, if you don't love the underwear completely and utterly you send it back, they sniff it once they promise they'll only sniff it once then they burn it and you get a full refund. It's that simple! It's really a no-brainer! You try these on. If it's not the beautiful most gracious softest underwear that ever grace your [, __ ], dick and balls they'll fully refund you so to get 15 off your first order. Free shipping at 100 satisfaction guarantee go to meundies.com h3. That's me: undies dot, com, slash h3! I love bidets and I am happy to share the magic of the days with you via toshi. Listen to this, you poop, you wash you dry. It's a three-step process. Tushy is in the business of ass blasting with water. It's basically getting a rim job, a sloppy but clean rim job every time you poop and everyone has an ass and everyone deserves the gift of tushy. What is tushy tushy is a sleek bidet attachment that clips onto your existing toilet and sprays, your butt completely clean with fresh water. That's why it's called tushy and it's the best thing you can do for your butt tissue sprays directly at your ass. It removes the poop completely, so you aren't sitting on bacteria that leads to nasty things like hemorrhoids yeast infections, uti's, itchy, [, __, ] and skid marks, my god days are common in the rest of the world. So why is an american caught up? Why are we still smearing [ __ ], all over our [ __ ], with toilet paper? We could be squirting water at our [, __ ] and getting it clean that way, but they saves you money on toilet paper which, as we've debated at long lengths, is very expensive toilet paper. It will not clog your toilet, tushy sprays, your ass with fresh water, it's not toilet water tissue connects to the water supply behind your toilet. To spray your dirty parts clean with fresh water, it's the same water, you brush your teeth with wet wipes, are worse for the environment and worse for the gutters they're terrible. So why would you use that and when they call, they also cause anal fissures, but you do not want any part of an anal fissure. That's why tushie is such a big deal and it's only 75. It's only 79 they've also got the tushy ottoman which helps you get everything out. It's a little stool! You put your feet up. It helps the poop come out of your butt. God bless so go to hellotushy.com h3h3 and get 10 off your order. I promise you. This is one purchase in your life. You will not regret. Let's face it guys there hasn't been much to smile about recently, but when we get out of this, I want you to face the world with the biggest most beautiful smile you can and that's where candid can help candid clear alignment are comfortable, removable and totally invisible. Unlike wire braces, you can transform your smile without anyone noticing, plus your treatment is prescribed and monitored remotely by a licensed orthodontist who's. An expert in tooth tooth movement candidate only works with orthodontists, never general dentists, like other companies and with some of those companies. You may never hear from a doctor when you go through treatment. That is ridiculous and unacceptable. With candid. Your treatment includes remote monitoring by the same orthodontist who created your plan, so you never have to wonder how you're doing you'll always know and that's what makes candid so special. The average candid treatment is just six months. You'll start seeing results way before then, and the cost is on average 50 percent less than with invisalign. So are you ready to take the first step towards getting your dream smile? You can't wait to show off get ready today from the comfort of your own home, with candids risk, free, starter kit and 75 dollars off, go to candid co, dot, com, slash h3 and use code, h3, that's candid, co, candid c: o dot com, slash h3 code, h3 for your risk, free starter kit and 75 off candid co: dot com, slash h3 code, h3, baby. Let's get that beautiful smile on your face. Did you see that sick glass flip down sick, we're back with oliver, which can only be described as probably the worst most uninteresting interview? We've done very combative, not friendly. I will say just because we have him on that. His new album is out now called ugly. Is beautiful. It's about his struggles to uh accept his you know. Subpar looks comes out, um. Well, it's already out. Stop dude! It's already out. Are you doing I'm gonna? Are you gonna support me? You're gonna talk [, __ ] about me. Dude make your [ __ ] mind. I mean no, I'm supporting you. I have how many tracks on the album- I don't know man. I sent it to you. Two weeks ago, did you listen? I listened yeah, I don't sure album how many tracks are on it. 14, dude, 14 and you've been working on it for how long five years, some of these songs are even older. Do the math bro on that do the math? What is that, like one year per se, man greatest album, you've ever heard man? It is it you know what I'm going to drop the shtick right now for a minute. I think it's a great say that you can't say that dude, I'm just want to speak from the heart for a minute. I think the album's great- and I think you did a great job and you should feel really proud of it, and I hope everyone goes and streams it. Thank you now. Do you have gifts for us? You want to do that. Yeah man, I do have gifts and after what you just said, I feel right about bringing them out. Okay, bring them out, um first things. First, I want to give a gift to my godson theodore uh. Can you bring that out? Not that one, the other one. Did we name him godfather yeah? Last time? Oh, we did for theodore. I got him his first razor scooter. Wow, that's super nice and this is actually the same model that I use and it's just a classic red scooter. This was my first scooter and I want it to be his first scooter and the way I see it is you can never really start him too young. Thank you, man and yeah, also for when he does. Nighttime rides bring this one out. So this is maybe, when he's a little older, but when he's going out for night time rides, I got him. Oh this piece it's glow-in-the-dark wheels and then it actually has a wheelie bar and underneath that it shoots out sparks. So, if you do, let him do this anytime soon make sure you actually shoot sparks bro, that's sick. I said to actually shoot sparks. Yes, it does, it does shoot out sparks, but just make sure he's not wearing flammable shoes. Oh flammable shoes got it: okay, okay and um. You know after everything said and done. I want to say this all beef aside. I want to throw it out the window. I want to apologize for taking your guys stuff and messing with it, and I want to give a gift. This is also for my godson, but it's also a gift to the parents as well. In the sense of you know, you get to see him, wear it and uh bring it out. Oh my god, oh wow, so this is a 30 stack that I had constructed for theodore. I had the idea in a dream, and this is something that I think you know he could probably wear out and about when you guys take him and um. I think it would look very good on him and you know you can't keep the doll. I was that's actually nice. If we could, you can have the stack. So is there some kind of structural structure bearing like pull inside the beanies? No, it's literally just beanies stacked on top of each other. It took me about two weeks wow. How are they attached? Okay? Okay, thank you with just paper clips. Okay, thank you very much paper clips, theodore's, cleaning up, yeah and um, and next up. I want to say gila: I am such a big fan of what you're doing with teddy fresh, I'm so inspired by what you're doing with your designs and as an entrepreneur, my hat's off to you just want to say, you're inspiring, not only myself but so many people. So I want to say thank you for that. What are you an entrepreneur? Wow? Thank you. I'm a bit of an entrepreneur myself. I have five different companies, but I'm not about to get into myself. This isn't about me right now. I do want to share a gift of one of my designs. This is actually my most famous design. This is something that I actually designed myself and there's only 30 of these. So I want to give oh, my god, wow brand new high fashion. That is amazing. That's for you that that's super nice. I've always wanted one of those yeah. Thank you and next up, I want to say dan. Thank you so much for putting this whole thing together. I know it was not easy, especially with these two knuckleheads they canceled like six times. So I want to say thank you for making it happen. I have a gift for you, bring it over here. For me, wow um. This is a shirt of my album cover here. Oh that's, nice. The reason that makes this special is we actually got these shirts in last night there was only two and one of them for me, and one of them is for you dan wow, that is exclusive yeah, that's ugly is beautiful. It came out yesterday go stream, it everywhere wow. Thank you, oliver very kind. That was super nice. Thank you and ian. I just want to say I admire your work. I love what you're doing with powerpoint, and I know that you did collect bill delphine's spit. I saw that you had her jar of spit, and so I wanted to give you a little gift. This is something from my personal collection: I've. Actually, oh uh! This is actually my spit. That's a little soft! Throw that out, please! No! No! No! That is so disgusting bro! That's for you ian! I just want you to know that you can put that next to your collection. That's disgusting! Bro, please don't that. Actually that makes me so nauseous seeing that and like belle's delphine I mean she's like a sex icon, so it was somewhat acceptable. But are you saying oliver isn't yeah? No, I'm not! I am definitely saying he's not I mean okay, you can base that base on my I just gagged a little bit. Look. Did you not? What did we talk about? Dude? Stop. Okay, go ahead, go ahead! The gifts are really nice, you're, a [ __ ] 50 year old man. Dude. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry go ahead. Go ahead, I'm so sick of people who talk [, __ ], because they're not happy with the way they look and you're a great example of that ethan you're, a guy who can't find love in his life. He can't seem to find love in his own self. He looks in the mirror and he says who is this? I'm not happy with this. This guy I see, and you know what you let it out on guys like me. You try to take it out and guess what that's [, __ ] pathetic you're right, I'm sorry! I just want to move forward this next gift is going to be for someone who I'm also a big fan of zach the intern, I'm a big fan of what you've done for the podcast you've taken things from here to here. I want to give you this gift to let you know. I acknowledge your contributions and I got you a little hair. Moisturizer, oh, is it I think I know what it is. First off there's a little letter with love from oliver tree, it's private! Just for him. Why did you? Why did you heard it? Hey mayonnaise for zach you'll. Surely have my shoes in his hair, so do what you want with that egg, salad or hair? You know it's for you. I'm sure he'll appreciate that. Do you watch 90 day, fiance yeah big fan, nice big head in the house, I'm just kidding. I never wasted my time watching that [ __ ], I'm making art I'm very busy, yeah um, let's see here, I'm trying to think is that it is that all the gifts we have, I think, that's everything. Um was there anything for ethan? Is there anything else here? No, that's everything you didn't get me anything grab me a sticker. Oliver hey can someone grab me a sticker or something oliver grab me a pen too grab me a pen so ethan, I know you're a huge fan, I'm going to give you a signed sticker. This is something that's definitely going to be worth a lot one day. So I just want you to know. This is probably worth more than anything anyone's getting today. So don't feel left out what wait all those gifts I mean I'll. Just honestly, do you know what I'm gonna do I'm going to throw that out and I'm going to take for you, I'm going to take theodore's spark scooter. I don't think that's a good idea. I'm going to take theodore spark scooter because, frankly, he's too young. Frankly, I think it's a little irresponsible for you to be giving that to our one-year-old son, what the [ __ ]! Oh wait, there's one more gift! Let me get this oh, this is actually a painting. I painted it myself and I wanted to give this to you. Gila wait. Why does he look at another gift? Can you give it to me? Thank you. I love it. That's for me to you and I just want you to know you could put that anywhere made by me. Can you stop hitting on my wife bro your guy's audio cut off? I can't hear [ __ ]. I said stop hitting on my wife bro one second we're having some technical somebody [ __ ] help me out here. Was he being serious yeah? No he's not being. Is this a stick? What is that? Why is there a guy that looks like you just bro? Do all your helpers dress like you? Can we just have a conversation? That's really all I want. I feel like you came on here. You try to make it your show. You forget that other people actually have a show, and maybe they want to conduct it, how they do their own show. So maybe we could try that I'll just be straight up. Dude! No one wants to hear your [ __ ] spiel. I don't have a spiel. I just want to ask you some questions, because this is a podcast. People need to be able to listen. They want to listen, not just like yelling and like you're handing out gifts. I mean this is a podcast. You know it's an audio thing like it doesn't even make sense. What are people listening to dead air for five minutes? Let's just talk, you know what dude you're the one who invited me on the show and you had nothing planned so I figured I would take it upon myself to plan some [ __ ] out, because a guy like you, has no idea what he's doing. Okay, damn you really got bruised up. I know whoa, okay, oliver, so shouldn't you cover it with something. I did. I put a bunch of echinacea on there and I did a little neosporin um. I have a question is pink your favorite color? No, my favorite color is actually gold. I don't know if you can see my scooter. I do see that let's talk about life, okay, you've got a lot going on. You've been building up to this album for a long time and all of a sudden covid hits that's gotta feel like a real [ __ ], that's gotta, feel, like I mean on a real personal level. You gotta feel like this really [ __ ] sucks. You can't tour. The album the release date is is all wacky. I mean it's gotta, really [ __ ] suck. Oh it sucks more than you can imagine. Ultimately, this is the worst time to ever release the album and there's many reasons to that. But the fact is is this: is the worst time to drop an album in the course of history, and the fact is, I wouldn't want to drop an album. If it was up to me, I would never have dropped the album. I love pushing [ __ ] back. I would keep pushing it back, but the truth is during this dark time. When people are going through it, they need messages of positivity. They need antidotes to help them get through these dark times and ultimately, this music is filled with that. It's riddled with so many positive messages and things to help people get through darkest moments. So, ultimately, even though it's the worst time to release music in the course of human history, I can strongly say that this music is also needed more than ever at this time. Right. That is true, and the truth is people are so unhappy with themselves. They hate themselves. I can see it in ethan. You know the way he takes out his aggression on me just in general, when you see people that take out aggression on other people, they're just unhappy with their selves they're unhappy with their own lives and ethan. I don't know how unhappy you are, but the truth is most people are unhappy and we all get to be unhappy at some point. But the fact is is that when we internalize this hatred, we push it out on others, we push the [, __ ] outwards, and so you know if we can learn to be able to love ourselves on a micro level and not have that hatred within we're way, less likely to put that venom outwards and the truth is that's a big part of how things have gotten so [ __ ] up in this world is that we literally have so much hate within ourselves. We externalize it on those around us and are you I have you got to be worried about like how are you making money because you got all these people on payroll? You got this album coming out that probably not that many people are going to buy at least not enough to like justify everything that's going on and you can't tour. So how are your are you dudes working for free? I mean you probably have debt with the record label. Are you worried about money? Oh, I have tremendous debt with the record label, but that's just like a bank and they basically just keep giving you funds when you need them for the art, but they don't actually really pay for your living. They don't really pay for [ __ ], except for the art itself and the truth is I'm not making money right now, I'm living off of money from six or seven years ago, and I'm lucky that I have a little bit to be able to spend some time focusing on my new endeavors spent a lot of time working on a couple, different screenplays, so I'm currently in the process of making my segue out of music and trying to get into the world of film. Is that for real or is that a goof? Are you really writing scripts? You want to have a serious conversation. No I'm serious, I'm interested! What kind of films are you making? I'm not making features, yet I'm writing them. So I know what kind of films are I'm not trying to split hairs? I just want to know about your interest in film. One of them is a coming to age, a love story and the other one is ultimately a thriller about. You know the [ __ ] up side of this world, and are you do you star in them? Are you just a writer? No, no, I'm writing and directing them uh, I'm also working on production, I'm building a production company right now, so I've been focused on being a producer as well, but I've been focusing more on smaller scale stuff. As far as big scale productions go, we've been doing a lot of short film stuff, a lot of music videos and things that are more two to three day shoots, sometimes up to a couple months with some of my bigger music videos but um. Ultimately, I did film a feature length documentary this year and we haven't started editing it yet because we're editing a lot of other documentaries we've made, but we have a youtube series coming out, which will be one documentary a month, they're anywhere from 15 minutes to you, know, 45 to an hour they'll get longer as the series progresses, but basically we've been working on that for two years now and that's kind of the more long-form content I've been directing is that's more of the long-form films. I've been working on is just documentary stuff, but it allows me to really make the most out of my low budget scenarios. Can you tease some of the topics? You've been uh documenting um? Basically, my travels around the world. Everything from competing against the number one scooter rider in australia named ryan williams. I competed against him for the world title um, anything from that to shooting behind the scenes of these big scale, multi-million dollar music. Videos to you know the creation of the world's biggest scooter. We've done all kinds of topics around just exploring the globe kind of you get a chance to come. Travel the world with me and my bandmates, oh okay, so it is more of oliver tree yeah. That is, but I'm not talking about those as features or anything. Those are for youtube and they are film based they're, not youtube videos. However, I'm venturing forwards to the world of feature films and doing full-on getting behind the camera, removing myself from in front of it and being able to be a storyteller and really get behind the power and yield the full power behind the camera, because I'm done being a [, __, ] puppet man. Oliver. How do your parents feel about like everything, you're doing my parents? They love me man, I'm definitely the favorite son. I mean, if you were to ask me if they liked me or my brother more. It would definitely be me I could help. Maybe I feel that way. I know that feeling yeah, I feel, like your parents would say that about you too ila or your mom. You can't say that though yeah well, my parents have said that so yeah. My parents have said that too kind of you know you could just okay stop lying to yourself. What's going on here. Oh my god, I'm allergic to [, __, ], okay, so uh oliver. Would you like to watch one of your music videos? Of course, man, I'd love to watch a music video. What are you thinking? I want to say on a real note here: um, that your videos are always the best videos um out there yeah they're, every single time you ma managed to make it just not repetitive. It's always interesting and unexpected and really well made and creative, and it's the best all right, calm, slow down, yo jesus like what's going on with you two, it's crazy! Well ethan. I think it's good recognize what a real youtube video should look like, and it's really not about a youtube video. It's about making a film and it's about the next generation of youtubers. It's fine! It's a good video dude! You don't have to go on and on about it, let's just watch it bro. Do you want to watch it or not? I'm trying to promote your [ __ ]. Whatever so-called music, all right here we go. Oliver. Are you ready, I'm ready? So do you want me to critique it or just watch it um? I don't know, what's your preference, I mean, do you want to critique it at the end or do you want to pause it like you always do and ruin the video. I don't know what do you? What should I do? Should I just let it play through. I think I should decide, because that's really hurtful I mean yeah, you decide because I feel like it. I feel like. If people want to what go watch the video interrupted, they could just do it on youtube right. That's an! I feel, like that's a great that's a good point. Maybe just give it like a good amount. You want me to play it through I'll, just play it through the whole thing man. It's your show. Your big ego trip bro your name's on the thing hey oliver. Are you gonna claim my [ __ ]? I know you guys need the money, don't claim my [ __ ], please. We might don't claim it because by the way I'm gonna talk more about it still. I know. Oh okay right, I'm looking at oliver right, yeah, okay, oliver, I'm gonna play your [ __ ], uh video. So just let it so don't interrupt! I'm just gonna! Let you have your mom. You can pause it whenever you can say whatever, but you know. I know that you don't know much about cinema, so I'm going to take it with a grain of salt but hilo. I would love to hear anything. You have to say: okay, [Applause], [Applause], [Music] smiles! That's how you cover up your cavities [Music] [Applause]. When is it enough? How bad do you need that stuff? What's it all for? Why does it seem like you're snowing? What's it all for, was it [Music], [Music] [Applause]? That's how you cover up your cavities [Music] that should look [Music]. I love that [ __ ] dude does it seem like turns out [Music]. Oh ela's requested a pause, so ila requested a pause. Well, I'm you want to discuss. I need to make a whole scene about the pause. Well, I don't know you guys made this whole big deal about me not possible said hilo was welcome to choose pausing you and I feel like first of all, fantastic video and I do love the song too. The song's absolute banger, I'm stoked yes, beautiful. It's out now streaming everywhere. Now, what like? Where did you guys, shoot this? That was lake pyro, and do you think it's appropriate that you guys ran those old people off their water scooters? I think that's what they're called to tell you the truth, um that may have been where I did cross over a line, but you know I think, at the end of the day, there were great sports about it and they didn't mind too much. We told them. We were filming a video and you know, and we showed them the link and we actually gave them a credit in the youtube description which I think should still be in there. I'm not sure if the label took it down or not, but we did shout them out. Oh so they didn't even they weren't, even actors. You just ran them off yeah. They were actually at the lake and we saw a couple different people that were there and we approached them and out of all the different people we saw that day. It's actually it was them, and there was one other gentleman as well who ended up being in the film, but we just were pulling off people from the lake um. You actually tell us how some of those shots were done say that again, which one um the shots, I'm I'm just actually so curious about all these shots, how they were really done. Um the stuff with you on the scooter, the water scooter, looks real. Well, I think so. That was crazy. That alone, I mean I'll just prefix by saying this about this video. This was my greatest failure. As far as an artist goes, I think it's one of my favorite videos that I've made, but the way that it performed was just such a tremendous failure- and I I was not only as far as performance goes on views and whatnot, but really just how much the actual investment costed. This is my most expensive, video to date really cost yeah. It was a little bit over two million dollars by the end of the process, and so it took us two or three months just to finish well, there's two and a half months of filming, but then it's like two to three months of vfx and then you have, you know you're doing coloring and then you go back and you have to redo vfx and just this game that we just kept playing. We always edit these videos up till the very last night, but this was something that ultimately for that amount of money I feel like. I definitely got a little ripped off um my producer, who I'm not exactly sure where he is right. Now I haven't seen him since I shot this video, but he literally, he helped me achieve the dream, but it was at least double the price. He said it was going to be so that was something that was a huge financial burden, but the scooter stuff specifically. So, as many people know, I have been a professional scooter. I grew up in the pro circuit when I was 18. I had a crash during a semi-final run that actually put me out and um. I kind of changed over to music after that point, but I have a background with action. Sports bmxing, scootering everything from rollerblading, even skateboarding. A few people know that, but I used to long board and I used to do downhill, longboarding um, but I have a background with all this stuff, so I know how to rotate a scooter. I know how to rotate a bmx bike so to be able to learn how to actually do a backflip off the wake that took a couple months of me: actually learning I'm pretty used to jet skiing or something family vacations and when not growing up. But it wasn't something I ever learned how to do tricks, and these are actually different types of ski do's and the way you actually work is you have to push your body tremendously off the wake and you use it as a lip of a ramp and so to learn how to use the wave as a ramp is a little different than dirt or wood, which is what I'm used to flipping on normally. But after the learning curve of a couple months, I was able to get past. You know learning how to do the natural learning, how to do a natural jump and actually be able to fly this thing, and I think the results spoke for themselves. The other thing that was really complicated was the actual jet pack stuff. That was pretty [ __ ] crazy, because we have to understand: is those jet packs they're not that hard to learn how to ride it's about 20 minutes, and even someone like you ethan would probably be able to figure out how to do it, but the thing is to learn how to actually do the tricks and the body maneuvers and the burials that I was doing it takes a couple months. So that was also something I spent every day. I spent some time in san diego and I was training from one of the best guys in the world there wow. I don't. I wonder why guys please go watch this music video. It's got 11 million views and I feel like I don't know. Why? Isn't it strange how sometimes videos they they get there? They don't, but I think the songs are banger. I think the video is a banger. I just don't get it. Why you know what I mean, I don't get it either man. I appreciate you saying that, because the truth is to spend that amount of time and energy, like I spent six months total trying to make this piece and for me to put that amount of money and that much time towards it. It's you know it's the kind of thing where you you hope that that would never happen, and this isn't, in your worst case scenarios that it would go that bad, but because sometimes that's life and those failures are you know if you keep going and you keep needing to make stuff after a failure like that, it's like! Well, that's just what you're here to do, because you can't stop because I stopped I remember hurt. I remember last time you're on you made hurt and that music video was great, was really really good. It got age restricted, but I'm happy to see it almost has 40 million views, so it did pretty good in the end right yeah I mean I would say that 40 million is definitely not good, especially for a major label. Artist. Who's invested, multi millions of dollars into his films and ideas, and the truth is it's nowhere near what it should be, regardless age, restricted or not. That number is not impressive to me now. So what to you is like what you would be a good performing video. I don't know like a billion a billion yeah, I mean there are some that are up there for sure a billion and there's a lot of billion videos and I'm working this year to ensure that one of these videos do get a billion. So that's my main focus right now, so this one that we just washed is about like what one one thousandth away yeah. So, let's keep watching. I mean I agree with everything you said, though it is really fantastic and I do love what is that car when the doors? That's a delorean yeah, it's delorean custom designed from this guy up in san francisco. His name was david laurian and he built this thing and we actually painted it pink custom for the shoot and he was so [ __ ] pissed off man was the uh. I I have a question. Oliver was the uh. The opening is that an homage to uh the window. Liquor. Video excuse me, I think, that's a no there's another music video that that that is pretty much exactly. The opening of your video is that an homage who is it by who's it by by by effects twins, is a very famous music video wait. Did you plagiarize some idea? No, definitely not! I do all my [ __ ] original, so okay um- are you talking about, must be seen with the limousine yeah with the limousine yeah, oh that scene yeah. I took that from apex twin [Laughter], so is that pink car for sale uh? We actually sold it in, I believe november, but that thing was [ __ ] incredible and I used to take that thing out to like pyro on weekends, and I had to spend a little bit of time learning how to write it. But it was nothing like what the learning curve was for something like flipping, a jet ski or learning how to fully walk on water with a water jet pack, but truth be told that thing presented its own problems and I found that you know riding on water didn't really get the effect. I was looking for it made it hard for you to see my face while I was singing and the water splashing. So you know in a lot of ways. This video was a major failure and I think if you look at other water films, especially the movie water world, I mean that was a tremendous failure in a lot of ways. This was my water world right. Have you seen water world eeler? They say it's one of the worst films ever. No, I don't yeah. Maybe we should watch that, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna continue. Oliver and um this is cash machine by oliver. Is it tree or nickel? Can we say we would just let people watch like the full video? Well yeah? Oh, we don't want to finish it. Thank you, gila. Thank you. Gila you're such a sweet angel. I thought we wanted to watch it. I mean they can do both the opposite, so they go and watch guys. This is a tease, go finish. The video over at oliver trees youtube channel and subscribe as well you're, not going to show the best [ __ ] part. You guys make up your mind. Do you want me to watch it or no? No, it's whatever. If they want to watch the best part, they can go watch it themselves. Stop it! Stop it! No! No! No! No, not stop! [Music] [Music]! I think we got something big here bobby hold on man hold on what the hell is. That [Music]. Can I ask? What's the meaning behind the uh, can I ask what's the meaning behind the the man in the yellow bro? Are you [, __, ], serious you're gonna pause the video for some stupid question like that [Music] there you go done wow, so who's the man in yellow, oh that guy yeah. I will never say so. This one was great, but uh underperformed. We don't know why why I don't know why the song is great. The video is great, what's happening on youtube eela I mean, I think it's got a lot of views, though I think we should. I would disagree well for 2 million, consider it a failure well hold on. It's got it's been seven months and it has 11 million views. I mean that's a lot, but I agree with oliver. I think maybe for youtubers, like you guys, but I'm talking about a whole different bracket. No, I agree, I agree should have more views. I think it should be. If I had the I think it should be at you know: 20 30 million right now I would say at least double that 60 70, maybe 100, right yeah. I could see that too. If the music was better, maybe all right, let's watch another one, this one's actually done. Quite well for itself three months ago, and it's at 60 million. Are you happy with the performance of? Let me down? No, I'm not all right, fair enough. You know it's important to it's important to keep pushing right for higher harder. So before we watch it, do you want to say anything about it? This is let me down by oliver. I will say this: this was a major mix-up on behalf of the label. I was told I was going to be doing a live performance, video for this channel on youtube called colors, and so I go and I show up to the shoot and what I think is a color shoot and I get there and I notice certain people. I recognize certain faces. There's certain people on my team working there's people that I worked with as producers that are on the set and I'm like what the [ __ ] is going on here. This doesn't look like a color set and I found out that the [ __ ] label set this [ __ ] up and tricked my ass, so that I thought I was doing a color session, which are these videos that end up getting. You know hundreds of millions of plays, and meanwhile I'm doing some [ __ ]. That is a fake video that the label has set up for my youtube channel. I was so [ __ ] pissed off. When I found out it wasn't a real one. I didn't want to release it, but contractually. I am obligated to put out a certain amount of music videos every month. So at that point I was really hurting and I needed at least one to go, so I just put it out how to drop it, but ironically, it is outperforming the one you spent two million dollars in a year making yeah that's because the thing is that I'm not making music videos to make the best marketing for a music video I'm trying to make a [ __ ] scene from a feature-length action film. You know the truth is I'm using this. As a chance to be able to direct feature-length films that are just really small short little snippets of them, because the thing is who's going to give me money to do that, I don't really care to make the most effective music video I'm trying to make the craziest scene. I can think up in my head and try to actualize that and realize that it's really not about marketing the music, I'm just tricking the label into investing and giving me a bunch of money. So I can start my filmmaking career. Should you be saying that publicly? At this point I don't give a [ __ ], because I'm done with music, I'm done with the oliver tree project. This is my last album. It's going to be my best. Album doesn't really matter man I'm out, and it's like at that point yeah. Let him hear the truth. [ __ ] it! Well, let's watch the video let's see! Well, do you want to watch this one because it sounds like you don't even like this one, because you got tricked into it. Let's watch it, let's watch it. I think it's good and I really like this song play a little. You can just play a snippet, but okay, honestly, I'm pissed about the whole experience. So let me down by oliver tree. This is really exciting dude. This is super exciting, your music video. I like how you ate a sandwich [Music]. I do love this song. [Music] [Music]! Sorry go ahead! You don't want to watch it video! This video cost five grand man I spent two million on the last one. You think I want to watch this. No, maybe it should sign. Maybe you don't need to spend two million dollars on a music video, but I I hear you you, you wanna, you wanna. What do you know about making videos? No you're right, I mean you ever made a little scene with more than two youtube filmers. No, I haven't not like not like that. Last video for sure I haven't made anything like that. Well then, let's keep the [ __ ] comments down to a minimum guy, okay, fair enough, so that video, don't let me down now. What is that? Just? Let me down dude, don't let me down cause, you say, let don't let me down in the song, so why would you name it? Let me down, I don't know man, it's a pop song. Let's make it simpler because then you got guys trying to add in all these extra syllables. It's like dude. Just let me down that's it yeah, but the character. He says. Don't let me down, but you know what I'm saying like yeah. It says. Please don't let me down, you think, I'm going to just put every word: that's in the song, yeah it'll. Do you could say? Please don't let me down. I mean I've seen song titles that long before in my life, but regardless what is? What are we talking about? Are you I've heard you said that this is about um, your fans being upset that you kept delaying your album. Is that true yeah? So after I canceled the album and I lost 150 000 in the first couple days there I did feel like I let a lot of people down and I ultimately felt- and I ultimately felt like I let myself down and and especially the fans. So I made this song as an apology for myself to the fans and let them know you know. I did let you down and I do feel like. I did that, but you know I'm here to make amends and I will make the greatest album. I could possibly make and that's all I can do so shouldn't you shouldn't it be called. I won't let you down. Maybe that would be a better title if you were to title, if maybe you were songs before cop I've actually written a couple, and I if you're asking me at the songwriter, you may want to change it just more literally to I won't. I oliver tree will not let you down again, maybe for the title. What if you made a song that said I ethan klein will finally give up my youtube career because I'm a [, __, ], scam artist. I'm not a scam artist. Why would you even say that I mean I am not I'm not even saying anything personal, I'm giving you constructive feedback that clearly you can't handle you're a [, __, ], scam, artist, right, okay, uh! So that's called! Don't let me so that song is called. I oliver tree promise not to let you down again on his youtube channel. So oliver is this the reason you're mad every time we run into each other. I feel like you're always angry at me, and I think it has something to do with the fact that my action figure's so much better than yours. Look at your action figure dude. He looks so [, __, ], ridiculous, look at mine! You see something, that's something potentially arguably one of the greatest characters ever made and when I look at yours I see something: that's very try hard, something very wannabe trying to be hip and really I look at mine and I just see something: that's iconic and classic. When I look at yours, I see a guy who thinks he's trendy and thinks he's with hip with the times, but really it's some 50 year old, [, __, ], youtuber dude mike comes with a vape cloud. Yours doesn't even have feet bro like where's your feet. You have no feet. Do you not see the [ __ ], pants, dude, that's iconic, and that's something you don't understand. You're too busy, I'm carving my own life mine comes with a smoke cloud of smoke. You can't compete without a smoke dude. All that is is a bunch of toilet paper. Dude. Let me ask you something: can I may I ask you something: daniel brown he's the guy that made these two action figures. I want to give him some love, but then, if you go look at the daniel brown, if you want to look at the comments, he says a couple of legends right, but then technically one someone said at least one of them is one of them at least so. I'm assuming he's talking about you yeah, of course I mean you're, the one you're, the one, that's not a legend to clarify, I'm the legend. Excuse me, you didn't make any sense yeah. I don't understand what the [ __ ] exactly. Let me rephrase buddy this guy. This guy says one of them at least is a legend, and I know he I'm the legend, so he's kind of dissing you when he says that he said who's. The legend me no, he said one of them at least is a legend, but he was leaving it open for interpretation right and he was referring to me. This thing keeps [ __ ]. Turning off is, can we get the battery check on this, so ela you've magically got on uh the gift that oliver gave you? Yes, I'm actually, oliver, you look just like oliver except way better. Looking right, oliver, she changed my mind. I think we can both agree on that yeah. We don't disagree on that. I was gonna say I'm just gonna change, my name to oliver you're oliver klein yeah, so I'm I'm [ __ ] oliver, now your biggest dream! Ethan, finally, all now all we're coming to real. So can you hand me my gift, it kind of reminds me of it's kind of almost like a cartman from south park cosplay, where you're cartman, she kind of looks like cartman man with the hat. This is mine. This is what it it's just it's a sticker and it just says h3h3 on the back this. This is [ __, ] bro. This is just a promotion. It's just your instagram on the back, which I'm not even going to say, because I don't want to promote it, hey shout it out, shout it out: no, I'm not going to do it. Also. This thing is just oliver trey fan art. Oh bro, you didn't even make this. What the hell? No, that's disrespectful to your fan, who made it first of all like how are you gonna, re-gift, someone's fan art to you but um? Thank you vivianne. I love it vivian. This is how much your favorite artist cares about you. He just gave us your art, I'm gonna put it up on the wall. It says I love you. So can I read this? I mean it's my gift. No, it's my gift! It's my personal! Do not read that hello! I love you so much. I can't believe. I'm gonna see you. I hope your leg gets better and that you keep doing amazing. If you wanna talk to me, I'm not gonna post this uh private information, but she drew herself here and she looks cute. So you may want her number. That's her. Oh [, __ ]. It has her info on it. We'll learn that [ __ ] idiot. I don't think you could rid it. So this is a lie, because this says everything everything's alive made by oliver tree, there's literally nothing genuine and then here we've got spit, which actually does look real, I'm sad to see. So that's my real spitfire. This is this is the only genuine gift we got either. Once you put this on the desk without telling me that's disgusting, bro [, __ ] you for spitting in a jar giving that to me. That's so disgusting. You, sick, [, __ ], you [, __, ] monster bro, there's like chunks, there's hell of chunks in there yo. This is a. Can we just you know you understand that this is a biohazard we're living in covid era? You brought in a vial of this is disgusting. This is a biohazard. Get this the [ __ ] out of here I'm serious. This is gonna, be worth a lot of money. One day, I'm gonna clone you bro. Do it see what I care man? I've already got so many [ __ ] clones. Can we see your clone again? Can you come in the screen? Where's, the intern? I thought it was a clone flyer. It could be cold. This is yes, I'm impressed. Oh, it's hollow you [ __, ], phony, [, __ ], you ethan you're, a piece of [ __, ] you're, not worth anything more than that, it's kind of for my son, you [ __ ], it's kind of genius compared to how we do yeah. It is actually yeah. It is genius. This is actually the plan that could make a beanie that sat 30, [, __ ]. We actually were even worried about that, but we showed the making of. This is just some. This is some hollywood [ __, ], [, __ ], you that's real art ethan and what you do makes a mockery break my art. This is oliver. This is oliver when he uh. This is oliver when he gets in bed with a girl, all right can't get it up. I gotta wash my hands dude. His violent spit is on the floor. I'm telling you: why did you bring that into the house? Put that away somewhere, instant karma, [, __ ], so hang on? Let me just get rid of all this. Wait, I'm destroying it just get this out of my face. Did you see those chunks in there? Yes, oh I see you're, I see your trick. What are you doing? Stop showing that [ __ ] take that off, don't put that in the [ __ ] video. I give you guys gifts, and this is how you [ __ ]. Thank me. This is an embarrassment. There's more. Can we just move on? There's more gifts, dude! I brought a lot of [ __ ]. Oh, do we definitely go twitters are here dude that says eight plus you understand our son is one right. You can never start him too early, then that's what I'm pretty sure you can trying to hurt our son. I don't get it no dude, I'm trying to watch out for you and all you do is [ __ ] show me you're his godfather and you're, putting him home all right. Let's move on you live. You live with like five dudes right. You live with your whole posse! No. Why do you say what how many people do? You live with two okay, my son, we're getting into personal stuff right now, dude? What are you trying to do? Well, what I'm getting about? What I'm getting at if you'll allow me is you just sent me a vial of spit, explain to me how that's not a biohazard and how you probably send that [ __ ] to you dude. I don't even want to give you any [. __ ] presents that's for ian to put next to this [ __ ] rest of his collection dude. He has other spit jars. I figured you'd be interested in compliment. Have you been tested for coconuts? I've been tested yeah when were you tested last two months ago, two months ago I was tested and I didn't have any of the antibodies dude. This is dude you. I think you may have committed a federal crime, sending us that spin, oh man, I'm just waiting for the days to count down. You want me to die. Was that assassination? I don't know man I'm not going to get into it. Here. We have there's a huge deal. We've got a huge deal: everybody listen up little ricky little richard a little ricky little ricky zr3 dude ricky portrayed v4. Okay! Zr! Did you not listen to the album? Did you not hear the [ __ ] song 1993, the second song? I would have hoped you made it to the second song? No, I bailed about ten percent in to the first song, little little ricky little little ricky little richard go ahead. Sorry, there's like a delay. The only delay is in your [ __ ] cognitive ability go ahead. Can I talk yes little richard now go ahead. I won't talk anymore I'll. Let you talk about little richard little. Ricky is the [ __ ] future of music? This guy is so [ __ ] progressive the ways he's producing out his tracks he's built his own daw, which is a digital audio, workstation little ricky designed his own daw. Just to give you an idea, I don't know if that even can compute to someone like you ethan, but literally he's helping design gear. That designs sounds he's working on sound designing software, and the thing is that I got a chance to work. Are you listening [Music]? No, I'm totally listening keep going. I was just discussing my dinner plans with ila, okay dude. This interview is done. Hey little ricky is so [ __ ], epic, that you should be so lucky to have me talk about him on your [ __ ] ass show [Laughter]. Do we have a sample of little ricky? Can we pull it up? Wait we back to scooter gags come on. We said we would leave the scooter. Can I ask you some questions: yeah yeah, yeah yeah. Have you given any thoughts to unconventional touring? Now that you cannot do great conventional touring go ahead, I dare you to answer, that's an incredible question and that's a question that actually there are answers for and some of these questions that ethan is presenting me. It's like what do you want me to say, dude you're, just trying to get some click bait drama? No, what your [ __ ] deal dude! So answer the question. What's the question, can I have the question again: go ahead, hila! Have you given any thoughts to unconventional kinds of touring now that touring is basically out of the question? Yes, I'm looking at doing a full live concert, live streamed onto the youtube. Is it pay-per-view or free, um you'd like to know that, wouldn't you, what would you what kind of job would you consider picking up if you ever come in need of money, um you're saying his music career doesn't pan out and he needs to get a day job go ahead. Oliver, I'm working towards film, I'm working on no a job that actually pays money go ahead like actually making money I mean like. Actually you need to make an income goal. What do you mean like selling diapers on youtube videos, yeah uh? Well, what was the ad for? What was the ad for in this episode again, the ad? Not diapers. I don't want you to know my sponsors yeah well dude. It seems like it's quite apparent that you get the lowest common denominator of sponsors and you're coming after me about how I make money. If the music doesn't work out, tell me what day job you will pursue to make an income because you'll need to make income yeah. I want to be president oliver, but like stepping stones dude, if it came down to it, I'd just go back to scootering. I had a whole [ __ ] scene. No, I said jobs that pay money, bro delivery. It matters uber, I'm friends with some of the biggest scooter riders in the world and these dudes have multiple houses. So what do you know about that? What's on the head of your scooter? Why are there moose horns on your scooter, so this was actually antlers from an elk that my grandfather killed, and this is from 1906., and if you look closely this one's actually kind of [ __ ] up, I need to get a better setup because the taxidermist that actually had set these up. For me, he didn't do a very good job, clamping it in and so now it's kind of [ __ ] up, but do you think I gotta clean up for the next interview? Is it disrespectful to to spray painted gold? No, no. These actually were gold. Initially, it's a very special type of elk. Very few people know about it, but I'm sorry what was the question? Ah, this is so [ __ ] all right. So so why should people go? Listen to your album. Give me one reason: why should people go? Listen! Your album! This music is something that has never been released before it's unique in the sense of the way it fuses genres together. So the way it mixes contemporary rock alternative with electronic production with hip hop with pop sensibility, it's fusion, it's inspired by the genre that the gorillas was creating as far as fusion goes and it's the next generation that comes post, gorillas that first album that they put out was literally 20 years ago, and now this is kind of the next generation, the kids growing up listening to that music and what they make. So what makes this album really special is the way it blends genres together. There's some very unique genre fusion that you will not find anywhere else, and I can guarantee you that what do you say to people who say that your music is just a dollar store? 21 pilot, I would say everybody knows: 21 pilots ripped my [ __ ] off. I was doing this [ __ ] for [, __, ] 10, plus years no one caught on to it and 21 pilots used to follow me on soundcloud and that's just a [, __ ] fact: hmm yeah and all of a sudden, somehow he's got a similar sound to me. 10 years later. Oh, it's shocking and people ask how it happened. Well, tyler joseph used to follow me on soundcloud mm-hmm interesting. Is there any legal action in the works at this point? I've actually have to decline. On that answer, the legal counsel has advised me not to say anything, but I will say this: yes, there will be repercussions indefinitely. Are you circumcised or uncircumcised? Okay, dude, let's wrap this one up. You got any real questions. Are you gonna just keep making a mockery of my life's work? Have you ever thought about going on tour like have you heard about? Some artists are doing drive-through they're putting on shows at like drive-ins where people can come watching their car. Have you heard about that? It's pretty cool! No, I haven't that's a pretty good idea, though you haven't heard about that. No, we had a friend of the show on marc rubier he's like he's a performing artist and he was doing shows at he did a tour all around the country at uh, drive-in, theaters and people could come watch him live in their cars. Was that sounds like a hell of a guy man. Is that something you would consider doing um? Ultimately, no, I'm pretty busy, I'm doing a lot of [, __ ] and, like I said, I'm trying to move away from music and so for me to try to take on some new projects like that. I feel like it wouldn't serve me for my film career and some of these new endeavors, I'm trying to work on fascinating oliver thoughts on pineapple on pizza, love it or hate it. I knew that'd get you back in here, not a bad question, so truth be told it gets a bad rap. A lot of people say pineapples do not belong on pizza. I know in italy it's basically a crime, but I have to disagree. I think pineapples do believe on pizza. I think pineapples do belong on pizza and I'll, say this right now tastes like a goddamn christmas miracle. I agree with you oliver I feel like we just found common ground. What else do you like? So, if you're putting pineapple on your pie, which I think is a good idea to start with now what accompaniments do you add to the pineapple? Because that makes a big difference. This is where people diverge for, like, for example, my my favorite is, like you add some black olives and then, if you really want to get weird, some jalapenos go you next. Okay, I start with black olives. Next thing, I'm going to put some jalapenos on there, bro wow, jalapeno poppers, the whole popper the whole thing, and on top of that I put some lightly crusted canadian bacon, maybe with some a little lemon zest, potentially some anchovies zest and artichoke hearts. I love them. I love artichoke yeah. I like artichoke hearts. Now oliver is there any anything substantial you want to talk about. Are we just going to [ __ ] um? Tell you the truth. I thought you guys would be the ones asking the questions. Usually what happens is and I've done a lot of these interviews is the person actually spends some time that, like puts together a list of things they want to ask that would potentially be valuable to the audience and what we see in this situation is, you know uh two hosts that are you know, I'm not gonna, say anything. Other than two people who have not done any homework or research or you know they've shown you know consistent disrespect, I would say hilo. You have been pleasant to talk to ethan you. On the other hand, it's been hard trying to navigate an interview with the guy who hasn't come up with a single question. Is there anything in your head that made you think? Maybe this would be a good chance to actually do something for once and actually try to put some energy into your podcast if we can even call it that, is this a podcast for one? Is this or are we? Can I ask you, do you have any better name for us for this show? Well, because I mean ultimately yeah yeah. Do you have any questions? H3 yeah seems about right. It's a pretty bad name. Oliver do you have any questions for me yeah I do. Actually. I was wondering how long have you been running this fake charity? Well, it's a real charity and we started it about 90 days ago. Has it been that long wow, that's crazy, so it just came up out of thin air right when money was starting to get low. Yes, that's why we did it um, that's crazy. What a coincidence! So let me ask you a question. One thing I will say is: I do want to apologize about the painting that I gave you guys last time. I don't know if you remember yeah, that's right, I'm not sure. If you remember but um, we love this. I actually gave a painting. Oh you guys, actually didn't throw it away. No! No! I love this it's right here. So, oh, it's just hiding underneath the table. That's awesome! I was thinking maybe some wall space, maybe something where you know it's complaining when they come in. So what about it? I just wanted to apologize about it and I wanted to say I understand why I didn't put it on your wall because the end product was garbage. It was supposed to be an oil painting. It was supposed to be something that was a much higher level of art and what my sister ended up coming up with was a rush job last minute, piece of [, __, ], colored, pencil job, and so I wanted to apologize, and there is a video that's from over a year ago, when I was trying to get this painting made for you guys- and I just wanted to share with you guys that I am sorry- and I know it didn't- have the full 30 stack that I had promised you before. I know it didn't have the 30 sec that I promised before and that's why I wanted to give you that gift today, but there's a video and if you want to check it out, you're more than welcome to let that play ethan and gila just had a child hold on I'm watching a video now, so I wanted to present them with something special. How much this is a super talent container? She does oil paintings. I had her make this piece I commissioned her. I mean I came up with the whole idea and everything and not to give her too much credit, I'm very excited to present this to the family, but I do the podcast tomorrow. I think they will be pleasantly surprised. You [, __, ] kidding me. This is like it's dark colored pencil. She said it took four weeks because it was oil paint. What the [ __ ] is this. This is not gonna work. I asked for a 4x4. This is not even two by two dude. This interview is gonna, be [, __, ] ruined dude. I love it. I don't know why you're so upset about it. There's no [ __ ] way. This is working dude, I'm calling julissa hello julissa. I specifically paid the four thousand dollars because I wanted to see oil painting, not some [ __ ]. You sent the practice one. This is not what I asked for this looks like I could have done this [ __ ] in 10 minutes myself. What's going on with the beanies on the kid's head, I said I wanted a 30 stack, there's no way. I can present this to the family. It's so [, __, ] unprofessional looks like a child's painting. My head might be double the size of helos. Look at that. You have a big head. No, I don't have a big head. Look at this. The proportions are way off. Dude her head, plus his head, isn't even as big as my head. I specifically said just make me normal size with the two of them. I don't need to be a freakishly weird sized head, and why am I smoking with the bait? That's only seven beanies. I asked for a thirty beanie stack. What the [ __ ] is this dude? No one's gonna laugh at that. That's not even funny she [ __ ] this up so bad. I really like it. I don't know why trying is awesome. I will say that you do have a huge head, though, so she wasn't our jalissa your brother right now you have a very big head as well ethan. Well, thank you very much I'll say this. You know I would like a little bit of respect, because I just want you to know how much heart I put into these presents and in return, what do I get disrespect and that's the last time I'm doing this show man, I've been I've been literally the best guest you ever had. Who's came here, showered you with gifts, and this is how you repay me. That's true. I do feel bad that we don't have. Johnny kids has [ __ ]. I mean this is my. This is one of my favorite gifts. I love. I love everything about it, yeah that [ __ ] cost four thousand dollars and that's my gift to you out of my pocket and what do I get dude? Nothing, but disrespect love your music. I love your videos. I think you're a great. Well, I don't think you're a great guy, but I do like your art, I think you're, a shitty dude who makes good art. Can you accept that as a compliment, I think you're a shitty dude? I mean that's a con. That's nice! I'm just gonna pretend you didn't say anything we'll just leave it at that how's that you're, a great guy oliver tree music ugly, is beautiful out right now. Um the reviews are bad, but listen to it anyway. How are the reviews bad right? The reviews are [, __, ], incredible dude, everybody's saying this is the record that she changed everything, not my review. Well, yeah! You know what, if you didn't make it through the second song. I don't want to hear your review to be correct. No, I listened to the whole album. Oh, did you, how many songs was it again? 12. 14., 14, you're right, I was texting. You know what you listen to it again sometime. You know I think you'd enjoy it. Maybe I don't know what kind of music do you listen to oliver? What I want to apologize to you! Thank you because I as good as an interviewer and a journalist as I am, I was unable to squeeze even an ounce of interesting juice. Out of a [ __ ] total bad lemon. You ever get a lemon out of your garden. That's just it looks good from the outside, but the minute you squeeze it. It's just bone dry. Sauce yeah your face looks like a big scrunched up lemon and I squeeze. Why was that so funny? Why is my own produce feeling that it was funny? Why is hell yeah [, __ ], who wins this game, yo you're, just the driest lemon bro and I squeeze and I'm like and like I'm a guy who knows how to squeeze fruit? You know what I'm saying and I squeeze that nothing more than a [ __ ] dell pickle just just end it. I get a couple of drips. That's all I get from you, so I am sorry. All I gotta say nathan is that I got the best jacket in the whole world out of this. Thank you so much yeah, that's good! For me! Yeah cool cool! I got it. I got a baby. A business card show your gift. I got a business card, it says here here: oliver would you ever sell these? Is that the plan um honestly? I just want to give them to really special people at this point. You know I wouldn't even consider it it's just for people who I you know, look up to and especially fashion people and people who are in that world. You know and if you ever need a designer, if you ever need anybody to come over and maybe potentially do any designs for the teddy fresh company, you let me know I can do it via distance snail mail. You let me know, I have all kinds of designs: I'd love to send them. Okay, we do have an intern opening, it's unpaid. By the way, is it a paid, internship or unpaid? Is it paid or not? I'm paid bro I'll have to get back to. I need to talk to my business manager about that, but I think I don't think there's a way to minimum wage what'd, you say minimum wage. Can you hear us because the internet's dropping out yeah at this point anything would be better than what the label is paying me yeah. You know what oliver I love you. You are a talent, you are a powerhouse. You are a true original. You are a tour. You are a tour de force. Is that the expression? Good luck, I mean, I wish you lots of success. I hope everybody in the world listens to your album. I hope it gets a billion. I hope your music videos get each a billion views. I wish that for you thank you man and I hope that you'll fi truly be satisfied with knowing that you are the tour de france. Thank you. Man and I know I'll never be satisfied. So I'm just going to learn to love and accept myself and except where I'm at and at this point I'm going to go. Do something productive with my day I'll see you guys later. Can someone pull me out of here all right, we'll see you later buddy see you guys later [ __ ], the [ __ ] brakes jammed all right. Man take care, hurry up, see you guys later yeah see you later buddy jesus, okay, oh [, __ ], oh [, __, ], [, __, ]! No, no! No! No! No! No! The [, __ ] thing dude. What the [ __ ] all right see you guys later care of y'all. What are you guys doing? What the [ __ ]! Are you doing? Why are you wearing your outfits? What see you guys that, ass later you better watch out [Music].