-, hello, one and all to the h3 podcast transcendental moment. It's a moment, there's no longer an experience. It's just a moment fleeting as it may be a terrific moment and one that we will all cherish. Today's moment is sponsored by figs, Fitch and Thor. - I told you is gonna, be a stick. What did I say? Big stitch man, stitch fix and door -. This is gonna, be one of those episodes where everyone's like I'm just gonna, give a huge disclaimer at the top. This episode is just give me one of those episodes because we're on no-sleep no-sleep Jerry, to quote the great sign for Kramer from Seinfeld. So just give me one of those episodes so I don't know what to tell you guys other than that so buckle up, because this is full delirium. Regula, that's right! Well, people are gonna, be like. Oh, they have a kid or something nein. We were up -. Well, that's part of it. Yes, oh we do have a kid right. Why did I wake up at 6:00 right? That's your problem. I have a problem on the other end is that I couldn't fall asleep, because I was watching Temptation Island, which is a reality, show that Ian got me hooked on and it's like, like all good reality, TV shows. In my opinion, you hate it. You hate, watch it yeah I, always think that that's the only way to watch it, but I guess some people actually love it. Well, when I see like the bachelor finale- and you see all these women like clutching their pearls and they're all invested emotionally I was like dude there's. Actually people watching this on, ironically I just assumed they're, like I, think it's fifth part of the show right there, I paid actors, Sade I, think it's got to be 50/50. Maybe, but this shows so bad dude, like I, don't know who signs up for this [ __ ] I mean I, really don't they bring a couple to an island? They separate them. There's four couples, so the guys go in one hotel and the girls go in the other, and then they bring all these like these singles to try to to tempt them to cheat on their partner and so, first of all, the singles that they recruit are like the sloppiest drunkest. Third pathetic thirstiest people, bro I'm telling you this one girl got like blackout drunk the first night and was trying to sleep with all different for the guys like she would go up and be like I, just I'm so into you, like you all for the guys I'll. Oh my god, this girl dude, like they must have gone on her Instagram and just looked and just saw what a mess she was and how sloppy drunk she wasn't me like she's, perfect and they're, just giving them I told Ella. I was like this. This shows like Nazi concentration, camp guards. They just keep them drunk all the time cookie. What the the trauma? Everybody! Don't do all the time so I don't understand it, but I love it too. I don't want it to seem like you're. The only one want to know. We love it. Yeah I had to pause it because I was like ela. Should I, when she was falling asleep I was like I should pause this right and she goes. This is good contact. We're gonna have to save this and she's right. The part that's so messed up about this show is that everyone's trying their best to be good. Well, one guy broke on the second episode, but we expected that everyone's trying to be so good and faithful and then and then the spouse comes to a bonfire at the end and they cherry-pick clips to make it look as bad as possible and then try to lead on the other person that the spouse is like yeah, totally cheating on them and they make each other watch what the other one is doing, and it's very cruel. It's very, very cruel and borderline I. Think it's immoral to be honest, I, don't know why you would put yourself through it because the couples choose to go on the show. That's like a that's like a Jew checking into a concentration to continue the guard analogy. Just go like do you have any vacancies here, but did I say something racist already, I mean well I get a pat I, get it you're Jewish it's a little racy, though, to be making concentration-camp jokes this early in the show yeah on American mm-hmm, maybe on YouTube Aryan mm-hmm. But it's is borderline immoral, because um these people have been together for like ten years. You know what they're idiots they're on the show. What but the way that they cherry pick the clips and then they start messing with their heads and then they get all insecure and crazy. And then you know when you get your heart broken and you get anxious and you start feeling insecure and relationship. Is that your awful feeling? And then it makes you act irrationally and then they get you drunk and they make you feel insecure and anxious, they're, torturing, these people, man, it's awesome, ten stars I like it anyway, uh out! Well, let's get let's talking about other [ __ ], you know, but you'll had to wake up at 6:00 and I couldn't sleep. We have a problem where we are so used to going to sleep late, that we still haven't changed that and theater wakes up at 6:00, no matter what and we are up until like 2:30 at minimum I, don't really go all the big. What I do the night shift, because he often wakes up in the middle of the night yeah though I'm on that shift, but now we don't have that shift and it happens sometimes, but in a way where we got to go to sleep early I can't do it. I can not I I wish that I could go to bed at 8:00. It's my time to do everything like I wait all day and then at night I do everything work I draw if I need to like it's all happening at night, I eat right showers. We don't have a life once during the day we have no life. Theodore goes to bed at like 6, 5 or 6 o'clock, and then between that after that hour is the only time we get a lot to have any kind of life and before that we're working non-stop and then we get home and we usually have more work to do after he goes to bed, and so we only get to sit down and watch TV at like 12 yeah and then that's sentation island and then your two episodes deep. But all of a sudden you got to see what's going to happen poor us, we have a perfect life ela. How dare you complain? I'm, not complaining, I'm, just sharing where we're at we're sharing. That's what I was just echoing what everyone we're thinking. Listen to these mother effers complain: I'm, not complaining, he's a professional because he's so sweetie and is an angel boy. It's so easy now, compared to our beginning, the beginning was tough, brutal and now it's all way way way easier. He started to make like little signs like he's talking. He goes like usually he's just yelling and stuff and grunting, but then he starts to actually use like his voice yeah and it's so cute the little kid voice. He goes. It's like just the cutest most feared thing he's the best he's so cute. We start to dress him. He's got like a little bomber jacket. My mom just bought him. Look at this I just saw okay. Tell me: would he make this man? I was cracking up, cuz I just didn't expect it homie lights like a taco on fire, so I don't know what it is, but you know you're supposed to put the fire out before you put something in your mouth to watch this well, her throne. She walks off. Oh, she seems like she was finally she's fine right but like what are we doing here what's happening well, the way that she did walks off like all right. Thank you, bye and the way he shoved it in her goddamn, the back of her throat, presumably to extinguish the flame, hmm I think I mean I'm sure, that's why he did it, but that's gotta burn your mouth, no yeah! I mean I get burned from my good soup, no mmm yeah. What did where are they look at the back? There's like there's just an somewhere to us dude. You know what my fantasy is to have some weird some dirty street vendor shove, his fingers in my mouth. That's my fantasy! That's how I die I've seen the future. That's how I die! Oh, we have some interesting stats. As you guys know, the h3h3 shop is back open for business. H3H3 shop, comm, revving, a little competition here in the office. Each one of us has our own custom shirt and we were curious. We took a poll last time we talked about it, wondering who would sell the most shirts. Will we have the stats available? The shirts are available throughout the rest of the week for purchase to get it in time for the holidays, which is great news. We are splitting it five ways with all the cast member sees for everyone here. We can when is that time the day that I can order by to get it for Christmas I think they said the tenth right, Ian yeah. How great is that perfect? That's a whole week from now from from the third, the tenth you know they do the math right, 7, plus 3 10, very good. Thank you very much so nd and ela, as we all predicted, was number one she's, crushing it with 400 sales. So congratulations to you thank. How does that feel? It's really. It's not me, I! Think it's a we did. The design I think he's the guy. That's winning really well, but he made this ones in there. Not selling [ __ ] Ian's, who made hands hey Dean's in last place. What the hell, which shocked me big, that really shocked me I'm, like you, only have 45 shirts in come on bro you're, not pulling your weight, yeah I'm, not sharing the revenue with your ass. You only sold 45 shirts hold on, though it's out of the three of us, which we all knew ours was we're. Gonna sell, less Zach's is doing the back. Yeah way we're gonna get into that again, design that one true ian is winning. So this one, this one's a wild card, Zach of the 3d spelling the best. Eighty, that's double what Inns sold and Ian made it, though so I'm wondering do people love, Zach, I, know people love Zach, but is it that people love Zach more or is it the design is awesome, I think it's! The design is just so far because that was all Ian Ian stepped in to take any credit away from Zach, but I think it's the design, but I said Ian I mean. Why are you what? Why are you hiding these skills away from us like this? Is someone? That's not cells? Zach short, either he's got some charm. People like people, love Zach, well, a new commodity. On the blog, that's right, great hair! Oh thank you! Yeah! That's true, like Brad, some people say Zach I see in the comments. A lot of people say that whenever you talk, they feel like you're trying to seduce them. How do you feel about that I mean I. Do have a sexy voice. Is that what it is? No I think that I mean that that's partially I think what they're saying is just the way you talk is like someone being like: hey baby, what you doing later little Garth Brooks being raw yeah, just being raw just being you, but some of them want you here. You can't unhear, it so say something like because when you just said that I thought you were putting on an act kind of like you're trying to seduce me I'm fine. How are you I'm doing? What are you doing? I'm doing? Fine? How are you doing all right? Well, yeah, it said sound like sex trying to seduce me yeah mm-hmm, damn nobody says [ __ ] like that about me. Man I'd, be an insult without you, yo I like to throw that out there. So congratulations, Zack I do think this is a bacchanal version over in cell, no because I feel like women. Ultimately, chauvinistic I feel like. Ultimately, that's a very I'll go ahead. Dan I, don't want to speak out of turn well in in cell is a gender-neutral term, just music voluntarily. Have you ever met or heard of a female? In sobre, I suppose no they're out there they're out I, never hurts here. I won you would you you know it's funny. You match a female and male and sell they'll, be so repulsed by each other. They would never want to have sex with each other or there will be a perfect man no until they are not a perfect match for anybody. Oh I shouldn't say that I love the insoles they're sweet people- oh yeah, not only are there in cells I just googled it they have their own term called sells. I knew it there you go. Can you see any pictures of them? What do they look like? Does that mean anything they look like they'll show my street ball them them sell! Stop what you guys, acting like I'm crazy, like I, want to know what the FEM cells look like stop with this [ __ ]. Let me see I just want to show pornograph pornography, a famous bro I, don't think any real picture of a real person. Okay, Dan so get out here. I can see your screen. There are people, but it's a lab. It Oh like this celibate means not having sex. Okay, so Deus I mean that's a femme, so I mean I'm, not trying I, don't know. Maybe I shouldn't show this, but you get the idea what it looks like a dateable girl to me. Okay, let's stop, you know what I mean. We don't need we're talking about Zach's sultry voice, let's get back well top. Thank you. I appreciate, bypass you're, welcome, you're welcome, so Ian was in last dan was in second to last 56, honestly. So there you have it Ian I mean wow. I thought yours was gonna, come in stronger than that, I mean to wait on you dancing on when she was dude right, I, see, I thought mine was gonna, be the last or second and I was right. I hate competitions, though it is why I like drama it makes me like, feel bad 150 baby me shallow. Everybody. I can't wait to see someone actually wearing this. It's [ __, ], ridiculous, hello, everybody and, of course, ela is the winner, so so high. That is so strange about Ian's shirt, I, really, maybe I, don't know. If you guys are listening, you want to step up for an I think this is a good one. Maybe it's just I think the prop here's, the problem. It's a bunch of dudes watching the show. Hmm, nobody wants to walk around the picture. Why I think that's this because it's it is kind of yeah, very kind of gay to walk around with this shirt as a dude. If your bank, it's bald, if I think, if your mega masculine like me and it says, I got a piece so bad yeah. That seems like a fetish, sure you're going to be masculine. You just need to know that you can pull it off and you can I can't I got a piece so bad. Well, let's see you guys step it up for these guys, because if they don't sell at least 100 they're cut out of the the cut out of the world that wasn't the rule, they gotta, sell, least 100 or the cut out you get nothing no I'm kidding. Of course, I'm kidding come on. We love the interns. We have no interns here, so that was interesting. Guys we had I had a lot of hate from the last episode. The last episode was the Thanksgiving special. You laugh, you lose I thought it was a lot of fun. I enjoyed doing it. I heard you guys to go, enjoy it. The whole cast was out here and we were trying to make each other laugh. What did people think about it that people liked it all I heard? Was people slamming me? I didn't actually see any reviews of the episode itself, but here I have some comments. Cuz I thought it was pretty funny that by the way I I thought I was choosing some really classic. These are videos that make me laugh that I like and everyone was saying you know and they're very short too so I says even watch the video. He doesn't laugh I go wash it again. Could you all you're kind of cheating, but it worked. I got him to giggle, so you know I'm trying to put on the show here, but apparently it didn't play well with the audience. They said: Ethan ruined it and I'm only 12 minutes in mm-hmm. You tried getting them to laugh by replaying it so much all cuz. He chose bad memes. How dare you watch your profanity? That's a classic Jackson Ethan! This is a deep cut. Ethan plays a clip that is literally every single. You left me fail cringe at any right. Well, I! Don't watch that [ __ ], [, __, ]! Okay! For me, it's a classic I! As far when I found this video 12 years ago, I was the only person that knew about it. Does that make me a boo? Maybe, but at the time I was a I was a trailblazer? Was I not can I be honest, Shh, maybe not. Okay. I was a little tiny bit disappointed that it was all clips that I knew mmm, so I think in the future we gotta set rules. The way that you entered sounds like you were more than this. Then a tiny bit disappointed no I'm just trying to not come off and go hard. You all right. That was a big time disappointing. You are massaging my fragile ego, I I'm, trying to work on not being too harsh, because I I have a harsh. You rule thing going on right now, yeah first thing: what does that mean? I'm trying to I? Don't know? Hmm, let's unpack that well, I work with people mm-hmm and you we work on Teddy fresh, which the creative process can be hard to like work with people and still like I, don't know I, you got a you got a do it things nicely and not like get people turned off by being I I, don't know, I wasn't prepared to talk about this okay. Well, you know we got a I saw an opening there do to explore some that I'm trying to work on some things. So that's what you're saying if I kind of help you unpack it is that you have a tendency to deliver your comments, maybe more harshly than you would wish. Yeah and you're afraid that it could be affecting the morale of your employees. Exactly yes, and so I mean it's a real problem when you're in a material position and it's hard to give people comments and not demoralize them right, yeah exactly well, you failed on me I feel awful after your comments, though, certainly knew. Maybe so that's that's the new problem. Even if I try to be subtle, I can't really I wasn't really upset I, don't know how you do that I think it's really just I, don't know, I really don't know. What's the solution of that cuz part of it is like I, don't know, you know yeah it's learning process, because sometimes there is definitely a reason to what I'm, thinking and I know that I'm passionate about something for a reason and at the end of the day, I need to be true to what I'm thinking and like follow that intuition that I have, but sometimes you gotta also be flexible. So you have to make maybe sometimes right balance. Maybe sometimes you I'm not talking about you I'm talking and you know the editorial you is that sometimes you need to pick your battles. I guess is what I'm trying to say. Yeah is that it's something you can let slide you don't want to Nick pick something everything. Somebody does yeah all right, but I, but you know, maybe you do right right, right, I, don't know! This is a deep cut. No well I have bigger problems. People everyone here on the TV's shit-talking me, no one laughs! Ethan! Are you laughing nobody laughs Ethan hold up? Let me play it again: Ethan, let's try out I, try not to left challenge. Also Ethan gets offended with no one's laughing Ethan's like a kid where, if something bad is about to happen, he changes the rules. Ethan I honestly, don't know. If I'm gonna laugh at any proceed to laugh at every single [, __ ] Ethan get this off the screen before I laugh also East and plays the video ten times. Ethan's boomer humor really showed this episode. He's gonna be the worst play cards against humanity with come on guys, it's funny. Listen again. Ethan already has dad humor old-ass memes and playing the video enzymes. Wow ruff I've been eviscerated, but regardless I had fun. I enjoyed it. I I was just trying to be competitive. You know, I was trying to get Dan to eat. Mayonnaise like that was for me the ultimate objective of the of the episode I think it's because you're so focused on creating entertaining Thank You content. Thank you. That's what I care about? That's all I care about I'm here to entertain. You guys I'm here to make a great show and if I come off as a Boomer, which I do find it to be quite derogatory and basically calling me the N word. Then it's only because I want to entertain you so badly, so he's a Boomer equivalent to Fred. Oh, do you think boomer? Definitely on the on the on the derogatory scale of fredo? Actually, if I'm being honest, I think Fredo might be even more offensive than boomer, really yeah I see more people getting offended at boomer lately because right, oh yeah, but they're wrong because boomer afraid, oh, is it specifically Italian? So if you go to an Italian, you go you Fredo. It's like you know, you're, it's a it's a racial slur in that it's targeting at times. Is it offensive? I mean it's reference to boomer is boomers yeah, but it's everybody's, a boomer and also boomers used to everyone's just a boomer. If you understand like the people who are actually getting butthurt at being called a boomer. Don't understand that everybody's, a boomer? This is a scale. You know they say that everybody's gay, it's just like a spectrum. It's a scale of how gay you are you've heard that they say that I'm, like a I'm like a I'm like a 4.9 boomer, the gays on the gay scale, question no I'm kidding I, don't know what I don't know who measures these things I'm like Dan I'm like point I'm, a fraction away from being gay just under the mark, but on the boomer scale is the same. It's a spectrum like autism, it's a spectrum. Okay, and so you can be a wine on the Boomer scar. You could be a hundred on the Boomer scale. For example. Let me show you a Boomer watch me in the last episode. Oh, let me show you a Boomer like a hi. Let me go to my Twitter account today, because I Steve made a real Boomer move like this is like a 95 on the Boomer scale. He goes. He goes what the [ __ ] is a Boomer, so I was like dude. If you have to ask you're, probably a Boomer right, which is at which the response itself is somewhat Boomer. You see what I'm saying I'm glad you follow it's stupid, so I'm gonna issue I, am here to issue an apology for my boomer behavior for my comments to boomer, so I'm gonna walk over into the podium room which we've set up for the purpose of issuing apologies to our our loyal fans. So I will hop over to the podium room now interesting. It's a pretty boomer thing to do. How's the audio I want you to I. Want you to capture all this is an important moment. We have brought in this podium because there's a lot of there's been a lot of apologies being issued lately and I feel that we, it was appropriate to bring out an apology, podium, a somber place, a sober place, a place of reflection, quiet reflection and soul-searching, where we can issue the most deepest and heartfelt apologies to anyone who who was offended or made even a little bit uncomfortable by anything. We said because that's totally never our intentions here on the HTTP podcast, the greatest show in the world ever made by far so anyway, I've made I made jokes I made a lot of people. I played videos many two times, I made a lot of bad memes and jokes. Here many people have been references me to A to B I've been a Boomer I, even called ice-t a Boomer and I mean it takes one to know one. So, can you apologize for being a Boomer I? Don't know I apologize. What am I post apologize for and making anyone comfortable with bad jokes I apologize for not following the rules, not following the rules. Ela chimed in from the other room. Thank you, I apologize to my cleaning, lady who I left a giant [ __ ] streak in the toilet on the way out. I know: she's gonna have to clean. Well, you know like a streak down the side of the toilet bowl. You don't know what I'm talking about. That's the problem. I apologize for! Are you even ever what you don't leave [ __ ] streaks in the toy people understand only boomers dude. Why you shocked by that? It just came out of nowhere. Okay! Well, apologies! You know apologize for surprising them all Jesus for surprising. Damn I apologize too [Music] I apologize to my dad I used to take still leftovers from him and he gets so pissed at me. Like way too pissed at me, kind of gave me a complex he'd be like dude who ate my [ __, ], burrito and I'd, be like. Maybe if you actually made food that I want to eat, I won't eat your [ __ ] leftovers. Dad that's not really an employee. If you actually love me and spend time with me and wouldn't even be an issue and I'll respect your authority, more I, don't think you can complain on the apology, booth, I'm, losing track of the uh. Let me get back back on track. I apologize for the bad, jokes and and I. You know I, look forward to coming here and making more statements in the future and not just me any I think these guys have a lot team. Ethan we lost your microphone. Did you turn it off? He got caught off he's out, anyways there's a time limit. Apologies can't go on for too long. We have a built-in mechanism to shut the mic on when the apologies go for too long. So what did you think about the done? I, like it I, think um, it's gonna become very useful, so you can't wait to choose one else. Probably gonna need it like once an episode all right, well, I feel a little tender. Are we close to a break here down tender I may need to like clean myself up after that emotional is dead seriously. Leaving me in the trenches right now dead, air I'm I was putting everything away. Yeah we're one minute away. These guys, never jump in when they see me I spell an apology. How do you? Why does no one jump in when I don't know? You guys tell me you looking over me like? Oh, what's going on here, I'm switching I'm looking at the computer mm-hmm do they know when to break, though Dan nobody's not near the mic? Now, let me ask you this Dan. Do you think it's do you think it is urgent to start cleaning things up while the show is live, I was just putting the microphone away. Yeah man seeing why it died. I, guess that is urgent, I think I'm gonna itch I'm gonna need an apology from you from all of you. We'll have to do it after the break cuz. It is break time. Well, we gotta have to go to break I'm gonna clean myself, up, I'm gonna wipe my tears away, and we will be right back to talk about the actual stuff that we came here to talk about an HP podcast greatest shows ever made after this short commercial word from our sponsors. Look, gentlemen, there's an issue: okay, we've grown up and we still need to put on coal. We have to dress ourselves. Here's the problem, I, don't know what I even like I, don't even know what size I am I. Frankly, don't even know where to go. That's where stitch fix comes in because you're, probably clueless and pathetic. Loser like me, fat, unhealthy, I could very well be single. I should be single by all measures of expectancy of. You may well be single. Here's where stitch fix comes in they're gonna help. You look sophisticated, look good and get up get a girl do because nobody wants to dress us good data. Sulabh, like you, know, uh a white shirt with spaghetti stains on it and ribs I mean nobody wants that. Here's what stitch fixes it's an online personal styling service that delivers your favorite clothing brands right to your door to get started, go to stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3 answer, some questions about your preferred style and your personal shopper will ship a box of clothing shoes and accessories right to your door. What stitch fix everyone can look their best. They have solutions for men, women and kids. Well, that's just messed up. Kids like did you can't even dress yourself, you five-year-old no I'm kidding it's good for parents, kids, all over the US, and now the UK there's no commitment required. You only pay for what you keep. Shipping exchanges and returns are always free Plus. This $20 styling fee is automatically applied towards anything. You keep in your box. You'll never have to think about looking good again with stitch fix here's. What we're gonna do to get started today with stitch fix, calm, slash, h3, go to that URL stitch fix, calm, slashed h3 and you get it to extra 25% off. When you keep everything in your box, that's stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3, stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3, so many reasons to deliver food to you. Okay may be that you're stuck at school stuck in the office. You want to treat yourself so you're sick at home. As I went there day. It's raining, your mom doesn't pack you lunches anymore. Your ladies are focused on work. These are all legitimate reasons, but here's the one that I like the most I'm hungry, I'm lazy, I, want food and I'm, not cooking and I. Don't even have stuff in my house to cook. Anyway, let's be real. That's why we're ordering food from door - door - does the it's the ultimate destination. They got everything on it door. - connects you to your favorite restaurants in your city. Ordering is easy, open the door, - app choose what you want to eat and your food will be delivered to you wherever you are. Not only is your favorite pizza joint already on door -, but there are over 340,000 restaurants and 3300 cities, so you might just find a new favorite - Buster with door-to-door delivery. In all 50 states and canada order from your favorite local go twos or choose from your favorite national treasures. They said restaurants, but I'm gonna, say treasures like Chipotle, Wendy's, chick-fil-a or The Cheesecake Factory, I love getting the idea of getting Cheesecake Factory deliver your house. It's like an IV of calories, brah, just straight home to you baby. You no longer need to leave the house to get heart disease. Cheesecake Factory, don't worry about dinner. Let dinner come to you with door - right now. Our listeners can get five dollars off their first order of 15 dollars or more when you download the door - app and enter the promo code. H3 did I, say five dollars of free money towards a delicious meal. Yes, I did five dollars off your first order when you download the door - app from the App Store and enter promo code h3. Let me tell you that one more time because they're making me do it, don't forget: that's a promo code h3 for five dollars off your first order from door, - alrighty. Thank you. Welcome back everybody trying to surprise you a little bit. Keep you on your toes bet. You didn't expect this shot, but thank you for sticking around. That's it! That's all a gag how'd. We do looking good. That was great. Thank you. Let's talk uh we did the pota meme album. Oh, you haven't Papa John baby I can't get enough. These Papa John memes in reviewing the subreddit memes of the week, there's a fantastic Papa, John memes and a great follow up, I hope your mom I hope you're eating. Well, since you moved out me, I've had over 40 pizzas the last day. You know that hits really close to home for me, because when I went to college I, weighed 130 and when I came home, I was like 200 bro, so Papa John looks like the guy in a zombie movie that gets bit but tries to hide it from the rest of the crew. This was my favorite. This is so genius dude, oh my god. It's the black.com picture, but Papa John with the pizzas come on bro. This I didn't get this great value, visibly damp 40 pizzas. In 30 days, I mean what is the original product I've loved? The visibly damn have I said something racist. This isn't a very flattering portrait of me and that you are watching keith's any argue over what white paint techniques they're gonna see that I like well, you guys are happy to know there were a bidet family now, so the oh he's not gonna have a bidet in his room. That's pretty that's pretty classy for a kid I think kids have a shitty [ __ ] for a little bit before he graduates to the bidet whatever. What was that this is the car that Elon bought. Yes, I love that he bought it for um. It's actually really interesting. It's the 1980s Ashton Mark Aston Martin, Bulldog concept, car, and this was the basis I guess for a cyber truck yeah for the cyber truck I love this one too. It's pretty crazy man how to eat. 40 pizzas. In 30 days, yeah we have 40. We have you 40 to 1 I, like those odds, hard pill to swallow, the podcast channels. Now the main channel I guess for some. That is a hard pill to swallow. I still refer to it. As the podcast channel. You know I have not make no comment on that that one surprised me so then a fan sent out what look appears to be Papa John's real, true Instagram account- and this is breaking news, because this only has 92 followers on Instagram and it's fantastic they're. Like here's a picture here, he is 17 likes at his Thanksgiving table with his whole family. We did a reversal, that's a big table. Yeah dude he's got pizza money, bro billionaire, you know he's got that place of honor to look at him, he's the only one looking at the camera. Why is that? So? By the way, I was wondering if this is bow I think it is isn't that crazy? Is that bow it's his son, his helpers best friend bow but I. Remember he had blond hair. This guy is really, but that happens to kids yeah, hmm, maybe here's another son, I, don't know, but he looks happy and I so I'm happy for both that's him, but don't you find it amusing that him and Beau are the only people. Looking at the camera, I mean that happens infinitely all the others. Like someone who's like hey I'm, taking a picture, no one's paying attention shouldn't they be eating pizza. Isn't that a little hypocritical that Papa John's not eating pizza for Thanksgiving very well anyway, we reversed search-engine this, and this doesn't exist anywhere. So this is exclusive [ __, ] bro. This is Papa's real account with 90 [ __ ] followers dude, here's his house. Look at that dude! That's pizza money, whoa Dan find a table design custom, a dude, that's a lot of pizzas to sell it for a table like that. It doesn't do it. Do you like it. I, don't know I've. Just we just it looks like a dining room at a restaurant. Look how much land he's got good. It makes me nervous cuz that means you're hosting that many people yeah he's not touching. You didn't clean [, __ ] probably got like 20 people, catering I know he lives on like a huge expanse somewhere like in a Kentucky right. Is it Kentucky? You can get a lot of land there. Yeah I think this farm cost like I, don't know like a hundred bucks or something I kid. The Kentuckians I love Kentucky, but this has got to be Papa's God. Is this amazing? You guys 92 followers, the Papa John underscored it's amazing. It's not verified because I remember. We looked for awhile for him on social media yeah, because we wanted like a way to maybe contact ID amped him immediately. I was like Papa, hmm, we'll see. Let me see if it's red. Let me check right now. Oh I've had over 40 pizzas in the last 30 days. What hero to even say that I've had no I, don't know if you read it. I said hi. Mr. Shatner, is this really your account? We are huge fans and run a big show, the biggest show in the world, a free podcast. You could hear on the streets yeah, you ask anyone ask your son Bo. He knows this we'd love to have you on to discuss your side of the story and how the quality of Papa John's has fallen to the wayside, which is true, true, I, hope this message finds you well, you know you should tell him that we ordered a pizza and it came unsliced I got to pull up a picture of that and I will get it that'll activate him yeah. Can you pull up afterwards? Let's I do want to send him that time stamp be like papa. What's up the stock, that's like extortion, he's like all right, but there's so much good footage here. Look at look at him! Look at his styling bro he's like a greaser Doug. Look at that haircut did Dan I like it I like it. I like it. I like it, I didn't know her I didn't realize. I said that so much so you guys started goofing on me with the sound but I liked it I liked. It here here he's cooking a pizza in his junk in his like own State, oh wait! Where's that video he's got a link to V me love him cooking! A pizza and it's like his ranch. No, this is Fox News interview, god dammit that would be on his story. I, believe, oh, is that the story I can't watch that if I'm not logged in Oh mmm, but he you can see, he's got like this outdoor pizza, oven on this huge expanse of land looks like he owns half a Kentucky anyway. I thought that was fascinating, so I I mean I message. I think I may be the first person to DM him on Instagram. Hopefully you knows how that work. That would be the best booking ever after Ford Papa, John 2 said right here, neck Brennan next to you across for me what it feels like I'll meet you, but you gotta come here. I fly there yeah without hesitation did I'd be like Papa's in the house. Dude. Look at this! That's from the episode air yo. They I'm that's Papa! John they delivered to that has never happened to me. My whole life to get on sly spy. Look at this I'm telling you you gotta, send him that people are gonna. Call us like they're gonna, make they're gonna! Think we requested it like that, no because it's just so unusual, but we didn't they literally just ship that to us and huge bubbles are amateur to those supposed to get rolled out. Pop has taught me that in his insta stories today he has a roller to get the bubbles out. They didn't do that. Clearly, huh amateurs- oh my god and then I know oh I forgot to mention I was watching Temptation Island and it's this shows very scandalous. There's lots of thongs, it's very! You could easily jerk off to the show, there's a lot of action, but yet this killed me bro. They censored the horses cause. I was like yelled put it back, homies on a horse on a date and they censored the horse's [ __ ] dude I was like what? What does that mean about the viewing audience? I don't know is that pornographic or horses [ __ ], like there was a there, was an internal debate at USA by the producers and executives about if to blur the sources [ __ ], possibly even including the F staff, the FCC, so I mean there's girls in thongs. In the same office, there's girls in like a lot tons of cleavage, bro horses, [ __ ], but do you understand what that's it's saying that people are that it's sexual that it for it's too? It's too graphic the horse's [ __ ]. You could see that at the zoo, but what it's saying is so weird. It's too pornographic I mean what about any other dogs, yeah I think the horse was just really packing. Make you get out. The hell is like they brought. You know what happened, because sometimes there there there there dick isn't so crazy, like it comes and goes, you know like penises do and probably they had this footage and they didn't realize at the time that the horse was like packing big time and he and when they were viewing the footage like. We can't show this. The horses, dick, is practically I'm dragging on the ground, and so they decided to blur it. But that's just outrageous. So there you go this. This is one other reason why the show is amazing. [, __, ], amazing, I, love how you can still see that outline yeah. You can tell everything is just making more curious, I wouldn't even notice the horses dick until I was like. Was that blurred go back of course, and boy was it can? Oh dude, so I wrote to the fans we watched mark McGrath made a cameo breaking up and I put out the call. I said: I, love, cameo, I love everything about cameo. If you guys have any of funny, cameos I want to see him and somebody delivered big-time. This one comes from Derrick. He said: I filmed a video for my youtube channel where I had people on cameo proposed to my girlfriend, for me request did one from Sean Kingston for a hundred bucks who was Sean, Kingston, Ian, I, didn't know that was he's a musician. He I'm trying to think about his big song as I can't think of it. Beautiful beautiful girls, Hammett beautiful girls, keep going your sultry voices. You make me like my big song. I, don't know I mean I, don't recognize it from I'm, not saying you don my beautiful voice, I use well Sean Kingston charged $100, and he proceeded to accept the money and film a video of him telling me that he can't do it because it's an unusually larger fee for for him to propose. So he took the guy's money to tell him that he needs more money to propose that here's, the video it's [, __ ], awesome, oh good, for Derek I'm, really excited for you, but we need to pop the question. I usually charge more for stuff like that, because that's a different type of fee I can say. Congratulations or something like that. But I feel like to ask the question. Thank you contact you well, thank you guys for support and Lizzie [ __ ] do a next video saying congrats or he wants to buy a nylon, hey wait! What the! Why yeah? Is he clowning on them? Why is the floss? What's with the floss? Is he flexing that he flosses? Is that a flex like I, floss I use that floss? It's amazing I'm sure that floss is like destroying the environment, because it's like it's this little piece of plastic. It's because it's so good, I love that floss so much, but it's kind of equals out cuz. I don't use baby wipes anymore, so maybe it's a ass whopper real and I stopped eating meat, so I could pull it a little more. You know what I'm saying, it's probably better for me to stop eating meat than these low plastic cancers. Yeah. You know it's crazy. They say that all this plastic in the ocean like little bits like that they start to get broken down into micro plastics and the fish eat it. And you know it goes up the food chain to us and these micro plastics are like [, __ ], everybody up yeah, I don't know, what's gonna happen with all this stuff cuz, it's just it's just like too late for everything. I don't know it's too late baby. Now it's too late, but we really didn't [ __ ] the earth up. I love my little flosses, but I can't not use it. I can't not use it. You know that song yeah girl, king, it's too late, baby I'll just stop using baby wipes come on everybody. I love was that good yeah I like it. So if you guys have any of the cameos keep them coming. That was amazing. He's like yo. I didn't have a way to message. You so does it work? Can you not just reject? Oh I'm sure here you can reject. He took the money. Speaking of cameo, though a video emerged that I haven't seen in a long time, because we were talking about mark McGrath, so much I thought it was just funny to give the context of the dude. We are dealing with off the charts, but always in your hearts mark McGrath, you went viral back in the day and I know. I know this is a Boomer video whatever, but it's related I think it's funny mark McGrath slip eat someone called him sugar gay, which is hilarious by the way should ray sugar gay. It was so funny, especially back then, when that was during the time when everyone's, like- oh that's, Kate, that's gay this day, but so he gets old, but her he's obviously drunk and probably on other drugs that he wants to fight this kid who's like looks like he's like not even 18, was awesome, make a hole. I'll beat your [ __ ], ass, okay, I'm! No talking make your [ __ ] head [Applause]. We know this mark McGrath deserves to be called sugar, gay everywhere, pretty violent [Applause]. The business is real. Projecting the tweezer nipples your nips, but you know it's. You know marked wheezes his nipples, like you know he squeezes his nipples I could watch this whole thing, I'm going to know yeah the kids not saying anything is it I would have paid. I would have paid this good, a thousand bucks on sugar gay guys, there's a huge audience. You know what what's happening is like these restaurants in Beverly Hills on the main strip, there's always paparazzi outside, especially on the weekends. Just waiting for celebrities to go in yeah I recognize the street. It's definitely Beverly Hills, and so he walks outside drunk [ __ ] up on cocaine, probably and he's I- think in his mind, with cocaine sourcing through his brain. He thinks he's being like outrageously entertaining and he's up being a tough guy and he's standing up for himself and he's making this kid. Look like such a fool, and so do you see there's so many cameras, dude he's putting on a show man there's like 50 people around it, Prison Rape this guy I'll [, __ ], you in the ass. He says you give them a lot of attention: I love how he goes: fanservice yeah, no smile yeah. This is like the most nineties, [ __, ] I ever seen, I love how it's all family up there, oh and then here he is trying to [ __ ] some up there today is sugar, gay [, __ ]. He is sold coke Ballack. Look at that dude he's hanging out. So how long's he hanging out brothers restaurant. He loves the camera, never watched enough! I mean I liked it I liked it. The good thing over a couple of hits man, his life isn't ruined one minute. It's like dad at that how's it going every morning's and Anna and then the next minute. It's like coked out in front of a steakhouse in Beverly Hills, ruining your life, bigger gay in your hearts. But off this chart, I thought it was fantastic. I mean I've, never I, don't know that I've ever seen, somebody's like mental deterioration, so perfectly encapsulated in such a short clip because I feel like that was him at his height I, wonder like who was recording it. What is it for? There was tons of papa-paparazzi yeah. They always do that. They're always there at the specific restaurants and the celebrities know they're there and they go there to be seen. It's like a whole thing, probably their publicist even say: hey go to my Astro steakhouse. The paparazzi are gonna, be there Saturday night and we want you to be seen yeah and we told them you're gonna be there. So that look. You know it's totally like that. Bro 104 thousand percent I gotta get a publicist, so I can get some paparazzi to follow me around people will do you think people will click paparazzi. Videos of me, yeah really well, I'd, have to say something really fantastic, like listen. Didn't all I'm saying is that the numbers were greatly exaggerated. Was that about it's all it cost me Heath in denies the Holocaust outside Mastro steakhouse I'm, not denying it happened. I'm just saying the great. The numbers were really yeah. Of course, I. Don't think that, but you gotta do something. That's like a little bit of a trial up with like a shirt with my nips cut out, see that's not good. Now it's gotta be like sloppy, a thin watery nice life, yeah I love to have a fight and I like to hate you that would get abused. It yeah that'd, be awesome. You know like face banks and Alisa. Whatever her names are. Having like a public breakup right now, yeah, we should do something like that. We should choreographic where I slap you God. Can you imagine I cannot that's not good press, though what if I came out with a fake baby and I slammed it on the ground, then it's just a ring and they wouldn't care about that yeah. They want you don't real Ian. Will you put? Will you come outside and pretend to jump me and then let me beat you up or something like that. Touching this one sure well, which one is it? Are you touching it or will you do it? Ah, F -, you're, easy I was waiting for the sound bite. - see if you can assume 90% of time. You hear me it's a sound bite. Is this the sound bite? This is all the sound bite I'm not actually talking. How do I know I, don't know what you're talking anymore I'm gonna go deep to be honest, I, don't even know what I'm say say: supercalifragilistic as though she's sewing I was talking, the real Ian I hate this candy supercalifragilistic experience ound bite that yeah, but now do that. We have to go like they've written the levels of Inception to make sure that I'm talking to the real you I hate this candy. So you will pretend to beat me up yeah. Okay, thank you sure we should totally uh. We should. That would be fun to orchestrate some paparazzi video. Hmm, it's gotta be like people are gonna, be worried for your career when they see it so Holocaust comment or like the n-word or something yeah or like what that was. But what could someone say to me would set me off sugar gasps, oh good, boomer, someone call me a boomer who just called me a [, __ ] boomer say that [ __ ] to my face: [ __, ], I'll, choke your [ __ ] face I'm, not tough! Guy, though hmm like Marcus Mark's, alpha male he's a totally an alpha male all right. Let's move on I love mark they'll shout out to sugar gay, which is honestly so fun and you can't be upset by that. Are you gonna offend gay people by it's? What the guy said? It's funny I, don't think gay people, it's so funny. Sugar gay when we get on the podium, it's funny, it's true. Okay, wait now. I'm questioning everything, but I was surprised, dancing back me up on the black people like Popeyes things, so maybe he'll back me up on sugar, gay being funny. Hmm, it's true! -, okay, fine! It's funny! It's funny that it triggered him. So much I mean I, agree that is it's stupid I mean so Trisha, Paytas, clique, baited, us and I got excited. You know, I love putting her into the thumbnail cuz. It always drives videos which I may still do by the way. We'll see she goes, how I really feel about the h3 podcast and she does it's a 18 minute video, so I have made Zack watch it. Obviously so wait is this a podcast or a video? Well, it looks like she's promoting a podcast or something I'm just skipping ahead, but she I'm just a blog. She doesn't talk. She doesn't end up actually talking about us at all, which is probably why it has so made down votes like I. Guess you hate just normal, but anyway it was actually just fascinated me. The most is there for five minutes. This video just starts with her eating a cheese, stick bro, silently for five minutes, a lot of kids. Lately, a lot of our content has just been you eating food good point, mmm interesting rebuttal, Dan, [, __ ], you Dan! Have we done enough to put her in the thumbnail though, or do I need to watch longer? Have anything else. The video yeah well for, like five minutes, I've already got her queued up in the thumbnail ready to go. You did a good job. Ian I love that I love that so much sometime, I walk out of here. Ian! Does the thumbnail he's art? Yes he's the well! He made that design I mean he's a really time. He plays himself short, but he's really talented on Photoshop, mm-hmm I think he's just a talent all-around. He doesn't give himself enough. Credit I, think he's an artistic eye and he's very talented. I. Think I appreciate that. Thank you. Well I mean it, but that was the soundbite he's very talented, like he kind of blows me away, wait! What's that really sound? What's that was saying, Zach was saying nice things about Ian sigh I do want to allow that Jack. Oh I was just saying he is very talented. With the photoshopping yeah he's awesome. We love you in and, and in you didn't, really know Photoshop in the beginning. Right, not really I didn't really know a lot. I know how to like use the lasso tool. That's all you need it's so funny on Photoshop everyone has their own way of doing stuff and, like you maybe know like 10% of the program but well I, feel that my I'm very much approached premiere. Adobe premiere the same way. People always have love. Did me. People have often said that I'm a fantastic editor that they're very impressed by my edits that I'm, a creative genius people have said about me and that I really changed the YouTube landscape with what I did in editing, but actually I. Don't I'm, not really a good, editor and I know very little about how to use premiere, I, just I'm, very good at little bits and I use that to great effect. It's all about getting creative with it. I looked at the backdrop to this whole conversation is just this. Yeah I just want I'm just trying to get another load. I just want to knock it. It was good. I would eat the [ __ ] out of that yeah, wonder where that came from. Where do you order that from here? Maybe some description, cuz actually I'm in I'm gonna go deep. I saw the bag in the beginning. Let's go that's a pretty white yeah. No, that's pretty much I mean I'm putting her in thumbnails, so we might as well get the best of this. She's got water in her here. Oh here she goes come on Trisha, maam grande here. What does that say? It's all Korean, my um Grande yeah I'm, actually just interested in this. Let's see! Oh that's several! That's a lot though, but one person holy [, __, ] I was like hella cheese sticks, oh my god, I kind of want that. Oh my god that came in loud and hot, like that cheese, I kind of feel sick, though it's starting to go sour here, but Zach you watched this video. What did she actually say about us? Well, she, like vlog. She shows herself on her way to the studio and then she does a she filmed in the studio and then talks about it. Two days later for about five minutes. What did she say? She says how she really liked the format of the show. Oh nice words at the first part, her first vlog on her way to the studio she said, um that she thought you were a troll and she was curious. I was gonna, go okay, but then in the post interview, if you will interviewing herself, she says she really admires you in a way: oh yeah yeah. She admires me Wow nice words from Trisha Paytas. How about that she really enjoyed it. I did too I thought it was fun. Really great episode and I. Actually, I should probably reach out about those cheese sticks. Just like hey Trisha, just curious. Can you give me the address of this cheese yeah so there? What I think we talked about her enough to thumbnail to thumb? What are we gonna title it like Trisha Paytas. This would be good. Trisha Paytas DMCA's our podcast, a total fabrication. No, that's just an owl right, Trisha, Paytas! Hmm! What's the angle just her name, just her name, ooh, mysterious, yeah, here's another clickbait issue. Well, it's a real issue. There's just not that much information about it! Beauty pie was robbed marzia imputed by first of all, this was their house in Japan. I didn't know that I was in Japan, that's pretty baller yeah. It was their house here we got our article, the wife of YouTube's biggest star pewdiepie. Let me read this article to you guys it's better when I read it because I can offer comments. Well, do you understand article? That's the content, yeah! That's the joke! That I make it's stupid! That's what this podcast is stupid. You know here. Let me read this article to you guys. Marzia kelberg did I say that right and I know he gets triggered when people say his last name wrong, killed, I actually, don't know. Kelberg I, don't think it's like that. I think it is I. Think it's just kelberg Kilburg, oh yeah well, doesn't mean I, know how to say his [ __ ] up Swedish last name, marzia kelberg, said 9% of her valuables were stolen by thieves who broke into her in pewdiepie his house. Her Instagram story showed she said. 90% of her valuables were taken, jewelry luxury goods and special items. She was collected, I know it's very materialistic and she should be happy with what was left, but she can't hide the shock and sadness with it all being taken away. Just like that. Well, I, certainly empathize with her I mean. That's that did getting stolen from is such a violation. It's like I feel so bad and I have belongings that I really especially Marcia. She like dresses, really nice and it's a big part of what she does. She puts pictures almost every day, I think we'd like her outfit, and it's always like you know, pick together really nicely. She has really nice stuff and you know I can imagine like it really meant a lot to her and it's not even that it's expensive or whatever it's. It takes a lot of time and effort to collect these things. Yeah, it's not even probably about the money. It's uh, you know things you care about, so when I saw that I felt so bad for them, I mean I, just I. Just imagine if it happened to me. That would be so sad. So sad did that's why you leaves her shoes enough in a fingerprint, safe, the only packs her when we moved to her new house. You look packed his shoes in like a mega, safe box. What you should have done, those the only thing like the only nice thing. I have I'm, not scratching you, dude I, totally get it I put my shoes in there too, but I'm. Nowhere near like her collection of clothing and nice yeah no I heard pink is so that's ex probably felt awful yeah that sucks [ __ ] [ __ ], yeah she's. She in poop I, live in Brighton, but they recently bought a house in Japan. I, didn't know they're such weaboos dude, that's crazy. I know they're in Japan a lot, but damn it's not the first time. The couple said they had issues with privacy, yada yada yada. You guys don't know that so so condolences to the great marzia kelberg Kilburg sooo, not like she'll burn shell burg. Maybe that sounds Jewish she'll burn, kelberg Marcia Kelly, apologies to the great Marcia on the loss of her items and the great felix beautify her husband on the loss of her items, of which yeah we talked about this huh. Oh, is that I thought it was funnier than it was, and I quickly corrected that ever happen to you, yeah yeah, you overcome it. Yeah Beauty pie got his house broken into that really sucks I feel so bad Marcia probably lost a bunch of jewelry. She probably lost. Like millions I was thinking. It would be nice to send them like a care package. You wanna send her some nice stuff, though I don't know what would you send cuz send her um. All right, I could think of some funny ideas funny stuff. Well, you want to send her something nice cuz. How can you predict eight-way I would wear you know I can't you could just get like some like really designer jewelry? No, that's so personal, really yeah, hmm I wouldn't want anyone to buy me jewelry. Unless I was ain't on the purchase to send her a card, it's just says: did cards are the most Boomer [ __ ] ever I'm. Sorry like nobody should attack them for that. My mom had cysts and she gets butthurt when nobody gives her a when you don't give her a card on a holiday. It's just a card that, like you, know the Hallmark, it's already pre-written and then they just go low, I'm. So proud. You love the name yeah, that's the most Boomer [ __ ] ever so you could send her a card condolences. Remember remember: life is short. You'll have to enjoy every moment cook. Okay signed your favorite boomer. You seem worried that we're all lingering on this me yeah. No, okay, then, should we talk about it more? Should we move on? What do you want to do? You want to move on? You guys have anything to add to the topic. There's this flooding videos to their house water. Yes, it's uh. It's a dark day for the kill, Berg's the kill, Berg's the chill Berg's the chill bears where's that video their house flooding. Then they get back to dang, Brighton and goddamn. Their house is flooded, I mean my god. When it rains it pours, am I right. Felix man literally Marty awaits their need. Leave water as she reveals neighbor sewage is threatening to flood house mm. That's sucks, I like really sucks yeah yeah. That really sucks I mean like genuinely. She said their garden is all they gotta get out of England dude [ __ ] that place it's all rainy and [ __ ] I didn't rain. Here ever we had to reseed our grass because he just died. Cuz it doesn't ever rain. Is it really? Oh, that's exciting! It's not it's about this I swear to god, dude yeah, like yeah I like rain. Not this much though she said I'm just praying. It doesn't rain again and she's, taking buckets of water that poor girl, I, do I, feel bad I. People may think, probably just because I am kind of deadpan and I'm goofing around, and you don't know if I'm kidding or not I am not kidding. I do feel bad for them. I just want to make that very clear. Do I do I? Do oh, no Cody, I'm, apology, I! Guess you don't need to apologize yet people get sensitive about PewDiePie, though so I don't know, let's see how they respond, but I am being genuine. I feel awful yeah I feel over there. Jeweler was stolen, I feel awful that their house is flooded, I mean it's really unfortunate and inconvenient and terrible, and it just feel a probe sure feels really bad mm-hmm I'm gonna send him a condolence card condolences. Okay, let's put together with a piece with a slice, a ham. How would surprise him a slice of ham in the card mailed across the ocean? I? Don't because it's a shock because, usually as a kid, you want to see a cheque or cash that is pretty boomer joke right. There I feel like stop. You know what I'm getting offended by the Boomer [ __ ], who just called me a Boomer. Just you know yeah. You know you don't know what to expect with me: I'm that crazy slice of ham in the card yeah, because they're, probably famished [Laughter], probably famished, it's fresh, they're, hungry, they're starving because of all the tragedy in their life. This is for you I'm. Not here you sure you want to send two slices ahem. No, have your fancy way! All the sudden, your CEO you're sitting, two slices of ham, EULA, you've changed all right, I feel like a Boomer. Let's go peloton god this! This is taking forever this episode, how long we've been going to 23? So it's been come for a little over an hour and a half okay and who else we haven't thumbnail yeah? Well, we got two people so far so and then Olivia Jade is probably the one right, yeah she's, locked and loaded hold on. Yes, I see what you're skipping here I've been looking forward to this all up, no I'm kidding around I'm gonna. Do everything? Damn god you talk about the peloton? Yet no, no, by the way I was so proud of this nickname, I thought of him and danced me in it being a dick cuz. He knows. I was proud of it. It's like. Why is he sleeping ja? He should be sloppy joe, like the sandwich, because he's always doing gaffes sloppy joe biden, that's good! It is beautiful. Thank you, I! Guess, let's skip the peloton. Ethan bought a peloton. Let's come back to it. Cuz we're already on the topic got a stick. Saw you got to go down a path, stay the course strikes it. Joe Biden is the god of cringe. We've we've dubbed him, the new god of cringe. Now before I get into you know, let's just no. Let's get into it. Biden served as a lifeguard as a young man, then called the prices run park pool and said he was honored to see it renamed in his honor Joseph R Biden senior Aquatic Centre is he a senior? Is Joe Biden a senior no I mean I, mean I, know he's old, but because why does it? What do they call it? Joseph Joseph Biden senior Oh, as in is there Joe Biden Jr I, get what you're saying I've never heard of Joe I only know of hunter, the one that does crack and stuff. If you think he does get actively doing crack, that's true, you might be I, don't know he was just a few years ago. Well, anyway, no Biden on what could only be described as the greatest clip of all time should understand and to get hot I got along it. I got hairy legs that turn that that that that that turned about blonde in the Sun and the kids used to come up and reach in the pool and rub my leg down. So it was training that watch the hair come back up again. They look at it. So I learned about roaches I learned about kids, jumping on my lap and I've loved kids. Jumping on my lap and I. Tell you what okay can you man? Why I'm gonna give him a mic to say that what is he trying to say? Well, like I'm happy for you you'll, be happy to know that I transcribed it I had Dan transcribe it for me. You want to hit me with some music. What's the mood for for this? Oh come on you guys. What do you mean you didn't ask for music, Joe, Biden patriotic music? No, it's like creepy or think [ __ ]! Okay, while you guys pull that up, I'll show you Joe Biden, sucking on his wife's finger, fared it to a sloppy joe, the video kind of exonerates yeah, the video isn't as bad. It's weird, though, even in the video well I'll I'll show it I, don't know how to it happens. So fast I, don't know how they get such a high quality picture. I know it's like a perfect shot of him, sucking on his wife's finger man. It's amazing, [Music], okay! So now here's the other thing I wanted to bring to you guys attention he's on a tour in Iowa right now to drum up support. It's called the no malarkey tour. Bro hila goes what's malarkey people don't even know what malarkey is. Nobody said malarkey in like 50 years, we said malarkey since the last time he said, malarkey I'm, pretty sure it's why it's in reference to that. Do you remember he? Oh here's a malarkey quote. It was in one of the debates. I want to say the the 2012 wait. Was that a big moment for him? They said malarkey sort of what Joe Biden malarkey pays attention to the vice presidential debate. Anyways. It was in a vice presidential debate against I want to say Paul, Ryan I think it was the election here. It is we're in business now yeah with the respect to Afghanistan the 2014 deadline. We agree with a 2014 transition, but what we also want to do is make sure that we're not projecting weakness abroad and that's what's happening here. This then Ghazi issue. All right would be a tragedy in and of itself, but importantly, it's indicative of a broader problem, and that is what we are watching in our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy, which is making the board mark more chaos. Less safe. I just want to talk to you about right in the middle of the crisis, Governor, Romney and you're. Talking about this again tonight talked about the weakness. I get a drum roll zone for the malarkey moment, really appropriate. You need the contact. We need to build up, let's get a drum roll. On that same day, the Obama administration had the exact same position. Let's recall the big disavow there Kylee same position, but it's never too early to speak up snorts outrageous. We should have spoken out right away when the Green Revolution was up and starting when the more we're attacking today, we should not have called the shara sod a reformer when he was turning his Russian provided guns on his own people. We should all the anticipation is palpable perceived for individual rights and we should not be imposing these devastating defense cuts, because what that says, when we equivocate on our values, when we show that we're cutting our own defense, it makes us more weak it projects. Weakness is a much more willing to test us, they're, more brazen, they're attacking our respect. That's a bunch of malarkey! What's this big moment, Wow, okay, so I mean that's a pretty weak point to run with, if that's the whole explanation, but the dude is going on a no malarkey tour and he's getting clowned on big time. Dude. Look at his bus, no more he's trying to appeal to young people and by the way, here's the the famous number 303 300 to Joe 303 3. You had to define malarkey on the bus, they think they're being funny, no, they literally yeah. But someone thought this was funny. Oh I think it was I think it was Joe Biden's, uh grandpa, who put this campaign together from from heaven. This man is helpless, Democratic frontrunner, so malarkey means insincere or foolish dog. Yeah malarkey is such a weird word yeah because it hasn't been said since nineteen fifty did nobody says it. It's like an old-timey word malarkey, it's like you're, my larkey, you don't want to say [, __, ], so you're trying to be polite in front of the ladies hmm, because women aren't to say it's that kind of mentality. We got music for the transcription, he's got music I, don't know what it is so ela I'm going to for you I'm going to read back his comments, transcribed for your listening pleasure so that you can decipher what it is. He was trying to say so Zack. If you would please and by the way you know, I sit on the stand and I get hot. I got a lot of uh. I got hairy legs that turn that uh, that that that that turned blonde and the Sun and the kids used to come up and reach in a pool of rub my legs down. So it was straight and then they watched the hair come back up again and I. Look at him! So I learned about roaches learned about kids, jumping on my lap and I've loved kids. Jumping on my lap and I. Tell you what amazing thank you. You got I started to sound like um what's-his-name in whoo. Why can I not remember his name? What movie the show where he plays the politician and always the guy that was a soundbite, hey, Kevin, Spacey good one, Ian I sounded like Kevin Spacey mm-hmm, that's interesting, because he was the vice president. Yep you're channeling him a little bit. Well, congratulations to Joe Biden on being the presidential frontrunner sloppy sloppy joe is blond. Hair on his legs and kids were playing. It's a weird anecdote, my dude, and he calls them roaches yeah. He called a bunch of black kid roaches that seems racial to me. No, it was in reference to another part of the story, I feel like it had to vincas. That would be a huge story. He said so I learned about roaches this. That clip actually was from a longer speech that a different part of it had already gone viral. The whole wait. What it's the contact is. There was another anecdote in that where he got into a fight with a kid named corn pop and like, and he became his friend, and he had like a long rambling anecdote about corn pop yeah and that had already gone viral and I'm surprised like this. Other part of it didn't at the time that's like come back around yeah, the enemies of Joe Biden have just been like yeah looking for anything still like conceding a little bit. This is a sloppy joe. By the way you uh. So do you like the nickname more knowing? Oh, really, yeah, Wow, that's the name. The sloppy joe is. This is a ground beef in between two hamburger buns, that's awful! Yes, it's Deewar sandwich! Probably ever don't want that again. It's old-timey, just like sloppy joe himself over a sloppy coffee cup of joe. No, this it's called a sloppy joe cuz. It's I mean it's just for putress yeah, it's like it's a it's like a deconstructed hamburger, that's worse and it's all saucy like it's just I think it's distinctly an American thing to like I. Don't they come on? Where else are you gonna find it yeah exactly cuz? It's not like steak. I feel like in other parts of the world. They would be like it would be like chopped up steak or like zero or something. But this is just ground. Beef bro, what's saw it's just awful Zach like sloppy joe I'm, sure of it. I've actually had 100 my mom used to make the animal man it was raised and sometimes growing up too I would did not know Florida -, the sloppy joe, even even as a kid you know like you would think, like a hamburger, bun some ground beef, it's hard to go wrong with that. That looks like a kid's nightmare. This was always on my school cafeteria menu, Oh, sloppy joe, it's like and the sauce that they mix it and ruins it like if it was just ground, beef and bun I think I like it more, but they mix it in just like terrible sauce or even sometimes just ketchup, Worcestershire Worcestershire, just pure moisture, that's pretty heavy-duty! That's like the main flavoring! You want to read the cat, the recipe it says, ketchup, tomato sauce and brown sugars. Oh my god. It's just too saucy bro. Let's look up a sloppy joe recipe. Well, so good. The top-rated. Imagine somebody outside is actually making sloppy. Dare on 2020 the best homemade sloppy joe I. Don't want to actually want a low-rated one: okay, I, don't want a gourmet sloppy joe. You know what I mean man which weird the company that makes the like standard-issue sloppy joe sauce or whatever man which wears manwich manager. What a nightmare who do you eat something called a man which sounds like you're eating, a dick man which it's like when you put your dick in a hot dog, bun a manwich. So here you go. You guys want to know the recipe. Hey me, olive oil, tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce. You know your sloppy joe they'll, give you that tomato sauce ketchup, brown, sugar, apple, cider, vinegar. This sounds gourmet, yeah, but I'm. Sure it's awful huh, that's [, __, ], awful dude get out of here: good, nickname, right yeah! Thank you, Joe! It's very clever that you thought that up and you didn't even know if the sloppy joe sandwich was Dan was goofing on me. He was giving you credit for thinking of my brilliant nickname for smoking. Joe Biden, Olivia Jade is back in the news. She's back on YouTube, you guys, remember, may remember Olivia Jade. She was the daughter. Actually, a somewhat famous youtuber daughter of Lorrie Lachlan, best known for her role in full house. She, she was one of a dozen people charged in March in connection with a multi-million dollar college admissions scheme. Actually, her story was the best one, the the indictment against Laughlin and her husband alleged that they paid half a million dollars disguised as a donation. That means it was tax-deductible to those [ __ ] an order to get her daughter into the USC, but here's the best part they faked, that she was on the women's rowing team and she has never trained or participated or planned in being on the rowing team and if I recall correctly, they did like fake photo shoots and photo shops to make them look like they were. Rowers means out ray, and so she was the one that was involved in that just a little update before we watched the daughter's video, her parents rejected a plea deal accidentally back up. Her parents surrendered of federal authorities in Los, Angeles and March, and their subsequent appearance in the United States Court in Los, Angeles, Lachlan and Gian. How do you say this? Gee I gr, newly Asiana Lee, it's like a italiana I forget about a sloppy joke. Come on oh yeah, get in huh. Do you think sloppy joes, an Italian dish? Can you imagine getting that nice and tight Broco Tula Bernardin three-michelin-star sloppy joe deconstructed? They were released on a bond of one-million dollars and were permitted to retain their passports and travel outside the United States. As long as they informed the court, they rejected a plea deal, including the charge of which included the charge of money laundering that required, because I guess, probably because of the they pretended that it was a charity and wrote it off. Can you imagine like throwing that on top? Not oh? No, that's crazy. Just the fake donation alone is uh is a crime, so that's money laundering and and they were going to be required to each spend two years in prison bro, but they did. They rejected the plea deal and pleaded not guilty. Then Lachlan regretted regrets not taking the plea deal and was angered at her husband for suggesting that they reject the plea deal as he feared it would ruin their careers too late for that dumb, dumb in October of this year, federal prosecutors said that Lachlan is now facing additional charges in the College Admission cheating scandal, US attorney, Andrew Welling, said: Lachlan is now being charged with conspiring to commit federal program bribery to facilitate their children's admission in exchange for the bribe employees at the University allegedly does needed the defendants, children as athletic, recruits with little or no regard for their athletic abilities, dude they're, so fat I cannot believe I acted. The plea deal, they're gonna go to prison. Well, they are criminals, I mean basically when you, when you do a fake donation to a charity for $500,000 you're, stealing a lot of money from the government from not paying taxes, mm-hmm, cuz, she's, I'm, sure it's high tax bracket. So when you donate five hundred thousand dollars, it's actually just buying something for your daughter, you're, basically ripping off the government $250,000, because it's not deductible. What are you saying something to me down? I just was it five hundred or fifty thousand no five hundred bro? They they paid five hundred thousand and they disguised it as a donation. That's the best part, so they're [, __ ]. So anyway, her daughter that was about eight months ago how Domas her daughter doesn't need to pay half a million dollars to get her into this I know man just go to it, just go somewhere else or don't or be a better student. You idiot you're on YouTube, just do that No. So here she is by the way this was number one. Trending all day is almost like. Youtube was trying to dunk on her, because so many people didn't know who she was or near, like the video is so short and pointless that it was just if it was a a bonanza in the comments section so here and by the way she was trying to say that she didn't know, but obviously evidences come out. I've even heard rumors and I may be thinking of a different case. So don't quote me on this or you know off the record, but I think they were possibly discussing of charging her with something for being complicit yeah, really because she was in on the scheme to pretend to be an athlete Wow. She was saying she didn't know about it that she didn't know she did that, but I was a possible she didn't know, but how they were pretending that she was an athlete bro and also she's, got if she's a shitty student. How do you get in USC? That's a good school yeah like old man, I got a mom I failed. Every class I have a 2.0 GPA, good news, honey. You got into USC anyway, whatever here's her video, it's still number nine trending, and this came out like three days ago. Their try YouTube is trying to ruin this poor girl's life by the way when it first came out, it had like 80% likes and I was like what maybe than 90% and all the comments were like her parents bought likes on the video, but now it has slowly deteriorated. So here we go, she says hi again, so buck love, y'all, really long time and as much as I wish. I could talk about all of this. She lit candles for the video mm-hmm and there's a ton of jump cuts to say, like nothing because I know I'm, not gonna pause this. It's something that needs to be addressed. It's just, unfortunately, which is also why I didn't know exactly when I should come back to YouTube, but the reason for that is just because I'm legally not allowed to speak on anything not legally. First of all ear, you could say whatever you want you're, not oh there's no wha! This is you can't talk about it. Your lawyers probably told you not to talk about right, not legally. What does that mean? There's America, lady, it's not Chinese should I come back to YouTube right now, because I, it's been so long and I actually really really miss it. Like I, genuinely miss filming I feel like a huge part of me. It's just no. The same I was a crazy couple in it I mean and to be fair, that's something that a lot of youtubers do so watch this cut. A huge part of me is just not the same like mitts, like though she didn't pronounce finish pronounciating the word. This is something that I'm really passionate about. It's something I really like to do not talk for two minutes without jump, cutting it at 22 like seven or eight months like well. If I can't talk about it, is there a point in coming back? There's not one chump cut in this whole podcast ela. We and me just talking for 10 minutes of the camera, about how I wish I could say something when I really can't that's what you're doing that's like to move with my trying to be in a selfish way. It's so hard, cuz, I'm, not trying to like make this about me or like how I've been because that means. It's not the point of this, though I'm terrified, to make this video one and to come back. I know that I also want to start taking smaller steps in the right direction. For people that I've been dealing and asking me we're all the story is I've missed you guys so much marlis, don't [ __ ] hate to get into college. That's definitely not. The moral I think can't believe this story. I just cannot believe it. That's so good. Yeah apparently like, according to some articles that I'm seeing she didn't fully know what her parents were doing. That is bad I knew it was anything wrong. Well, you know they say the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. If the parents think it's exact, she wants back into school back into USC she's worried now that without it, education, her life will just be completely. Maybe should the ladies listen to yourself? That's I'm, so funny that she wants to go back. Oh that's the best, that's so great! That's so rich, but ultimately this is a failure of parenting, yeah I, honestly like if your parents she's a young kid she's in high school. If the parents are like oh honey, this is norm by the way they paid for her and her sister, not just her the five hundred thousand. Oh. So it was a bargain. Yeah I want to get one for you good deal. There was a promotion during the holidays. You know as a high school student she's, probably like honey. It's normal, don't worry, I'm famous I'm rich. This is what everybody does yeah, okay mom, but but she was a little raspy in the video okay I feel like she was like I, don't want to cry, because that would be like typical, typical, but I want to come back, but I want to look all emotional, so she was doing actually say anything because the lawyers are actually vetted. This video there's nothing left. Well, let's go to the comments. I love that she wants to go back, Oh moral, the story be humble you're, not above anyone. You are not above forgiveness and you're, certainly not above mistakes. Yall already know, I didn't press play, went straight to the comments. I did that too. Well to her a great credit. She did not disable comments. Everything in life is worth more when you have to earn it. Well, that's a true statement. The college should say on a rejection letter. Sorry, full house ooh there's a supportive comment. I can hear and feel the pain in her voice, she's afraid to talk to us on YouTube and she's, asking us for permission to be on YouTube I support you Wow Olivia, Jade, Jean, Marie Perez, someone said her arms look, so skinny must be from all the rowing. Anyway, we have a. We have a collection of the funniest comments here that we've collected I had a lot of laughs. It's not about me talks about how hard it's been for I mean. That was. Why would you even go down that angle? It's all right or what is it about Olivia, hi, again, Thanos I, don't even know who you are. Can you unpack that joke for me Dan, it's a reference to the last movie. Did Danna, say: I, don't even know who you are to the [ __ ] character that nobody gives a [ __ ] about wait. What yeah, which one Elizabeth Olsen right, Scarlet Witch there you go uh-huh that comes up to her mole, badass I'll, kick your ass and he doesn't even know who she is. Oh that's awesome. So, if Thanos dissed her zero self-awareness, zero, shame and the end zero college degree I'm Connie this morning, actually her parents were my childhood watching for us was great and then this, oh that's not funny. That's just genuine! There's no point in me talking to the camera. She nailed it. Next video idea jail to her, who did her mom bribe to like this vid. Basically, the video hey guys. Okay, thank you. So much for watching yeah I can't wait for this tutorial on how to dress for a court hearing. That's pretty good. I should I feel bad. Make tossing her. I do feel bad, but also it's mostly her parents mm-hmm but God. Are they shitty people I mean to just actually pay so much money on top of the so on top of the bribe the tax deduction the phonetic donation to charity is the perfect icing on the cake of total douchebaggery, and apparently they have a lot of evidence of everything like mmm I saw in articles that there's no ego at all, and then they go I love that he goes I'm not accepting the plea deal cuz. It will ruin our career prosecutors, don't like when you don't accept the plea deal mmm. Well, there you have it. Olivia Jade is back and I'm looking forward to our next vlog, which will be heavily looked at by lawyers. How rich are they? That's a lot of cheddar Throwdown on a like half a million bucks just to throw down on your shitty dumb kid to go to USC. Also USC ain't ain't cheap either, but it's a lot less than half a million bucks. How much is Laurie I mean she's, pretty famous, though looked at that full house net worths six million I mean what it's got any more than that it's Massimo the dad. Oh oh Massimo's rich. He did all it's like the target errand. Oh oh [, __, ], I, didn't know that, like all of like the Target brand clothes, so they're they're a power couple, I'm mostly him I mean she was on a sitcom, she's famous actress. What has she done besides full house? Well, it's a big show. That's one of the biggest shows ever I guess what have you done? I'm on the biggest show ever right. Now the h3 podcasts sir drew see right answer. Thank you. I cannot believe that they did that these guys said these guys to rejected a plea deal because it would ruin their career breath. Look at them. Look at that, though, aren't they both possibly going to oh yeah, everybody's [, __, ], everybody, oh here's, the extra daughter so she's getting all the [ __, ] I, guess because she's a youtuber, but she also fig being on the rowing team. Bro. Can you imagine if I like pretended to be like a power lifter or some [, __ ], the room? Why would you do that? Why would you? Why would that acai just can't get over it? Okay, so much just like actually get into the school I know like how like so even if it worked and she and she is like honey. Don't worry! This is just what rich people do. It's like. You are setting your child up for a lifetime of. Apparently she did any other California schools. It was a [ __, ], awful sooner I got into you CSC, which, basically, if you breathe, they accept you there do. You know how bad you have to be of a student to not get into UCSC bro, that's other and then even below that is UC. Irvine people don't even know that was a UC sorry to everyone who goes there, but you know I'm right. It's actually really hard to get in those schools. Now mmm I guess I got him by the neck, the skin of my teeth, because I only got into UC Santa, Cruz and UC Irvine, so I assumed that they were but I was so relieved. I was like thank God. Did I got accepted into something you know, but what shitty parents? What kind of lesson is that the teacher kid yeah? Well now they ruined their life, potentially all of them yeah, oh she's, all stuck she's, looking good for the court hearing. I can't get over it. Oh my god, they're crazy! Look at this photo I'm over it Dan's over it. You can use ela to tell me you're all right I'm over it. Actually, we should probably wrap it up because well we hit all the big boys. Pete Davidson makes people sign one mil ago our NDA, who go to a stand-up show we all agreed he's a [ __ ] for doing that right, Dan. Definitely, actually, by watching this episode, the H Street podcast you are. We have to agree to never say anything bad about me or, to ever call me boomer a billion, a 1 billion dollar contract. If you don't accept the terms, you are free to close the video right now, but if you watch past this point, you agree to one trillion dollar lawsuit. If you ever call me a boomer, what is it in Scientology? You agree for I think it's a billion years, a billion years yeah, it's a billion-year contract, I'm, not sure that's legally binding by the way, nor it by the way, is Pete. Davidson's, [, __, ] nd a legally binding. It's such a [, __, ], dumb ass. First of all, there's no way any court would enforce this NDA I, don't think so. $1,000,000 yeah saw a lot of legal opinions weighing in on it and saying it's totally bogus all right yeah, it's just stupid. It's just a scare tactic, but it's like dude. You know everyone is operate yeah. We everyone knows it's tough out there for comedians, right, everybody's playing by the same rules, you're the only dude who can't handle someone, I posted the agreement, yeah and then at the top. It says, in short, by signing this you're agreeing to not discuss any details of the show anything about your experience of this event period. I just thought, you're not even allowed to say you liked it. So what I thought was funny that sounds like he wrote that yeah like the period? That's not legal, that's not legalese I thought it would be funny to start making up. Rumors like I was at his show, and he did something outrageous, but nobody could confirm or deny it cuz. They all signed. Nda's I wanted to tweet out, like damn I just saw Pete Davidson's stand up him. I am risking a million dollars to tell you this, but it was good, except for he just started screaming the n-word and was like super shocked. It was super unexpected. It wasn't funny at all and everybody stormed out and just like start making up rumors that nobody can dispute well, you might get served, but yes serve me because it's called comedy [ __ ] is called a parody. It's not it's not it's not a slander. If it's a joke, I know that, because I was sued for slander and won, I was sued for slander. You know you like that. [ __ ] come up with the sum of $1,000,000 he's being a douche. You just a mount that sounds intimidating, but to me it makes it sound completely incredible. I guess most most common people who aren't familiar with this kind of thing would just be like ooh spooky I. Don't want deal with that, but the thing that most people don't realize when confronted with like this kind of thing, when it feels very scary, like I, had the same reaction when I would get copyright strikes on YouTube. Most people get it's both it's all [, __, ] and posturing. It's nothing! This thing is worth isn't worth the paper. It's printed on, it's a total [, __ ]. He goes individuals agree that any breach of this agreement will cause company and its affiliates and business partners incalculable damage. You douche Inc, so you're saying your own bit will cause you incalculable damage and I was like unclear because he just calculated it. It was that he does. Instead, he doesn't want people to steal his jokes or he's afraid, because it's like work in progress and you've got to work. Your material in front of audience. Yeah I mean oh there's, nothing of value there to steal, then I mean there's that, but also it's just like I mean unless, like you said, unless you do like a Michael Richards and just completely go off like nobody. Nobody actually cares about this. Well, it's like no one get mad at you for like half a day actually, and nobody cares yes right. He caught [ __ ]. He caught [ __ ] for calling he went to a show and bombed and was calling college students like douche bags and stuff and I guess he's had an experience, but he called them privileged little [ __ ] because they were recording on their cell phones, which again leads me back to like. I guess it's, maybe it's more about stealing jokes, no, cancel! No! It's the cancelled thing. It says here in a contract that work and probably understand that it's a work in progress or something yeah you're heard says um as yet unreleased creative content, yeah individual is or will be a guest of company at a performance event for the purpose of viewing a work in progress. See it's just weak. It's like come on. You got to be brave. To do community like you just gotta, you got to just do it like I, want to say about Pete Davidson! Is that his name Pete Davidson, that um I'm gonna say about Pete Davidson that I don't find him to be funny and I. Think that he's just [ __ ] a lot of famous girls and that's the only reason anyone's ever met thought even thought about him before like before he dated Selena. You got sorry, what's her name, uh Ariana, sorry in before he dated Ariana, nobody [ __ ] uttered his name. Well, that's I mean I, don't think he was a minor cast member on SNL yeah I mean to get on this. I know you want to go through okay, but you're. Not telling me, there's not a be a lot of berate, oh for sure, a lot of terrible I'm, just saying he before he before he was dating Ariana was like mainstream and then he dated uh. This guy must have like a golden dipped, [, __, ] or something cuz like he dated Ariana. Then he dated some old cougar I swear. No, he did he was [. __ ] was older than him. No. She was like fifty bro I'm telling you we got to get a history of Pete Davidson Arianna City is a massive penis there yeah, but well there you go, but was it gold devil? Health is a gold dipped I, like it Pete Davidson history of dating, let's see complete dating history, Larry David's daughter, oh right, so here we've got the whole thing: yeah Larry, David's daughter, that was before I guess that was I feel like he's kind of moving up up in the dating world. It's kind of like trashy. In a way, cuz he's like Dom Larry, David's daughter, who was very cute by the way, which is unexpected from I, mean Larry. David is not a very cute person. I mean she's pretty so that they, the one that you're talking about, is 46 years old, yeah and he's like 22. You don't think that's a big age gap EULA. If that was a guy, wouldn't you be so Paige, no I'm he's 26. Okay! Is that not a creepy, weird age gap, yeah yeah? If that was a reverse age? What would you think yeah yeah but ariana grande and then go? We find the older person being the creepy one, yeah sure for him, whatever kate, beckinsale dude, that's crazy man and then I, don't know who this is Margaret quale once upon a time a Hollywood star. Oh, she was the psycho girl, okay and now, most recently this is Cindy Crawford's daughter, I was, like god, damn dude, just what is going on with this guy yeah he's probably got he's, probably got it. His dick is probably gilded he's just got game or a gilded with [ __, ] harpies, you know I'm, saying no I'm kidding. These are all very clean. Ladies he's probably got HPV at least. Do you find him attractive? I mean I'm, just genuinely curious, because I mean he's like tall and slender and fit and dress as well. So I get that and he's famous that helps a lot but and he's like damaged goods. His dad his dad died in 9/11, which is like X Factor bro. That's very [, __ ]. Well, I really don't know what to say about all of this well comment: you're, the only female in the room. I cannot I like I, cannot explain these this record of dating that's pretty crazy, mmm I, don't know so you're saying he's he's pretty good, but not as good as you. You don't understand the that he's just hitting a three-pointer like with every shot yeah but you're, saying that he's pretty good like on a scale of one to ten. What would you rate him and fever, including all factors? I, don't know, I honestly, don't know much about him. I, don't even know I, don't watch SNL well he's making people sign an NDA to watch him to stand up. I feel like that makes him less cool. Doesn't it yes, that makes him lesser I, don't like that I feel he's got to get a less attractive girlfriend after that he's gonna have to date like a six next time, then maybe you can move back up to like eight or nine any thoughts from the gallery. He has no pizza experience. Okay, you can always say that about definitely doesn't have any pizzas Ariane's. Oh I, want to say before we leave I want to say something. This is a message to Jonah Hill. Can you play romantic music now I saw this note and that was very play: romantic music before I get into this fuse. This is a message to Jonah Hill me and my wife for driving in the parking lot of Starbucks in Brentwood. We saw you getting out with a coffee from Starbucks and you looked at us for a minute as if to say to yourself how do I know them and we caught eyes and we stared at each other for a good five seconds of intense eye contact. I knew you and I think you knew me, but you didn't know until maybe I I, left and I want to say, I want to get shot. I want to reach out to you Jonah Hill and say that I have not stopped thinking about that intense eye contact since light just blew out the electricity's in the air. Could you see that light literally just exploded, yeah Wow, the electricity is in the air Jonah Hill I love, you I love! You work, you looked great. He looks confident you look swagged out. What was that movie? He made recently mid-90s or whatever mid nineteen I, didn't see that, but I heard it was very good. But I do like your acting a lot: you're, a brilliant actor, I love, doing Moneyball, I won't even say super bad, because that's just so boomers say super bad, that's obvious and you're such a different guy. Now, just so much better than that. Netflix show that I really liked what was oh yeah, the one with the Emily maniac maniac Wow, incredible when I'm trying to say Jonah Hill is that I think that we connected on a spiritual level when we caught eyes- and you looked at me if to say it do I know them front- did I go to school with them have I seen them somewhere have I met them somewhere? No, it is I. The greatest entertainers have lived, possibly the greatest comedic minds ever graced this planet Earth, you don't know it but you're, influenced by my comedy, because everyone around you was influenced by my comedy, and so what I would like to say is I'm gonna put this up as a highlight because I know you probably don't. Well, you definitely don't want your show because you would have flagged down. My card told me to stop it's in the presence of greatness. You act out of you act out rashly which he did and so I hand out this hand to Jonah Hill and I say, as my wife sits before me, that I will leave my wife. For you know, I saw a connection, I feel betrayed and I from one chubby bearded man to another I want to. If I want to collaborate that job he looks great I shouldn't call Shelby, he looks fantastic he's still a little chubby. He didn't lose. Everything like me, except I'm, he's on his way out I'm on my way in, but I hope that we can meet somewhere in the middle and kind of collaborate. Maybe he's got tips for me. My problem is, he does Taekwondo and [ __ ] I was like oh, don't win, you go dude I, don't do [ __ ] I got an exercise I'm trying to lose weight and I gotta get I got on a bike. I got a peloton bike, keep it quiet, whoa I'm still willing in it. Do you think this is gonna work? Is he gonna reach out Joan hell? If you want to reach me to collaborate, if you want to come on the show, if you want, maybe we could write a movie together. You want to write a script. I'll, be your leading man. You can direct and write it. I'll, be your leading man. We can collaborate on the writing. You could be my leading man. I'll write a script, but the point is from one comedy genius to another when it's just an extra an extras in the background. That's not the kind of connection I had I felt, leaning man vibes when we caught eyes. I was so enamored that I pulled to the side and Gila went in to get coffee and we just got a new car and I scraped the wheel, so [ __ ] bad dude was such a disappointment, I scraped that [ __ ] and there's people sitting out front and the Starbucks and was a spectacle. They were looking at me and then I knew it was bad. When I looked to the side and I saw people watching me, it's not that ball, I, [, __, ] up my car I know it. That's either. That's not the point, though. The point is that I think he might be looking on Craigslist of at lost connections. Missed connections for me. Are you you for me. You know what miss connections are. That's this when you catch eyes with somebody at like ROVs or Trader Joe's, and then you go to Craigslist and you go. You were wearing the blue dress and I saw you in the veggie, aisle and I think that we connected reach out. That's what I'm doing I think you were in a Range, Rover I'm, not entirely sure I won't mention my car cuz I. Don't want people to know what I Drive should I convention. It's a Model, X I just got it it's a nice car I like it a lot. Why would you mention Heath Caron, not yours, yeah I know that's why I felt that it's like I outed him and then not me yeah. How we just got it like a week ago and I bought the tire up and I got these crazy rims like the crazy ones, the big black ones. It looks sick and I. Just I scratched this [ __ ] out of him, shame, but is worth it to meet you. So that's the wraps it up today for the a true podcast, who knows I mean he might reach out to me. Well, how should I reach out you'll find me I, follow you on Instagram CMU. Thank you. No he's not maybe I'm pretty famous, like kind of a big deal. He obviously, but you Dan. Imagine him watching this clip out of context yeah. He would be like - that guy rules he'd know, but he knows who I am because he had the recognition of like did I go to school with him. Did this happen after you, [ __ ] up your car no after yeah this happened before right before same parking. Lot. Okay saw him and we were driving through and then I was like. Oh [, __ ], that's Jonah, Hill yeah. He walked right in front of the car and he looked at us for a long long time. I think I, don't know like this guy's gonna try and talk to me. No I was in my car Dan. He recognized us I've. Seen that look people look at me like it happens all the time because they they're not fans but they've, seen. Maybe something I've done right and they go. How do I know? I know that guy, how do I know him he's probably seen vapenation Dan he's probably seen I mean, let's be honest. I've made a lot of good videos on YouTube millions of views. Billions actually so chances that he hadn't seen me is less. Then it's more like the dad sings yeah. This is over well just wrap it up I'm waiting for you I'm over it I'm over it. You want written. The show no I did last time. You want me to leave no I'll leave right now. You just tell me, if you're over it and for those reasons, I'm out so Jonah Hill I'd like to say that I love you I, want to be with you. I want to collaborate with you. I want to hands with you. I want to comb. My Amster, your beard, I, want to go belly to belly with you, one hairy, two that I'm about from another I want to go tip to tip. We will see you back again: Saturday. No one is watching right, go ahead and it you're doing good. No one is watching and aspyn's, but if you do watch, please leave a comment too bad. You can [ __ ] up his car on the first week feel really bad for him. Sad face. Chewy brigade are fans to go contact. John he'll, go ahead, you're ending the show, don't tell Joe Neville about this. Whatever you do, go, Eddie look, there's a problem like how do you end it exactly? You know what the you so exactly goodbye like a safety word: okay, goodbye everybody! Damn! So are you gonna awful everybody thanks for sticking around through all this, we really appreciate you remember to go to HT HT shop and pick up some fresh and merch. Also teddy fresh is mostly sold out, but I believe that sale is a mr. chance full price. But still we very much appreciate you. We will see you on Saturday and Tata [Music].