- welcome h3r me. We go to war today against I. Don't why do I always have to go to war, we're making love. Today today we are having a lovemaking fest because with us is the illustrious multi-talented scooter riding mega vaping bull, cutted madman, mega talent, musician, sweetheart fashion, icon, whoo, what's poppin baby? Oh thank you for having me also Oliver is on tour starting and odd guests get your tickets right now at Oliver tree music, calm! Twelve cities are already sold out so get on that website. Pronto. Am I right woo because you are not gonna be able to be getting tickets. If you wait too dang long, oh this [, __ ] is selling out it's about 80% sold out. So if you want to get a ticket, now is the [ __ ] time and I also do want to say thank you to our sponsors, honey and hymns with that being said, congratulations to you on and let me start with congratulating you guys on a baby, a beautiful baby boy. Thank you. Soon, I wanted to present you guys with a little something. I have a little something for ya. Oh man, you know how to make a boy a becoming heir with gifts, so yeah, so we're actually doing a fall line of baby clothes. We're partnering with Gerber I was thinking. Maybe this would be a good chance to let young fyodor try these out and you know, try the prototype out. So a little something-something. We have a couple different designs here: oh that's, another quality print. Thank you! So much guys yeah check out this is my favorite design notice. Here, a Gerber, ok, kidding Gerber does make clothing. Yes, this is my favorite design, he's gonna wear it that's the same thing, but with 6. That's what I'm talking about! We did a wash these. Are they ready to go? These are cleaned up. Dude I had my guy wash them your guy huh yeah I've got a buddy guy, yeah and then um. Oh it's on both sides. [ __, ], that's trippy, yeah! Don't think I forgot about you guys! I know, I missed the baby shower, but uh I have a little something for you guys as well. It's not much, but you know I wanted to get you something as a token of gratitude and and as good faith to being. You know incredible new parents, so so much can I get a drumroll. Yes, we do have a drumroll hang tight. Do we have a drumroll? We got a drumroll standby, okay. Well, it's kind of it kind of defeats the purpose really. What's the drumroll? Oh yeah, okay, there we go. You got it. Okay, we've got a black satin yeah, there's something underneath it. What do we have under the sheet? David Blaine? Oh, he dropped it. So this is a portrait. My super made free me do, though my sister is a huge fan of you. Guys know introduced me to you a couple years ago. Oh, this is a portrait. What we have here behind us is the redwood forest. It takes place in Santa Cruz we're both. We both I mean you're from Santa. There's a Santa Cruz connection. There is we'll talk about that. We'll get there yeah what we have here, though we got a little UCSC banana slug slug ya got shredder up in the tree holy and just you know a little family portrait, my favorite vape and, of course we got Theodore with the Stax. Oh yeah, my only question for you guys is: have you found a godfather, yet we just found a gun. Oh, when you give me that photo you could. What does it mean to be a godfather, though here's? What I'm thinking does that I think we can train this kid to be a protege. You didn't give him the best clothing, video so far, I mean yes. So far, if we're just if we're giving Godfather title out based on gifts alone, I think you would win. That means the world I'm, not sure. That's gonna be partners, not sure. So, yes, your Godfather. What does it mean well hold on I can't tell you, I am serious, but before I give you the title. I need to know what it means to you, but it doesn't mean you can just pop in I'm gonna, be all it doesn't mean you can just pop in anything. Bro I'm gonna be coming over. All that we need to talk. We need allies. Control, know like I'm. Just thinking like we'll just be hanging on weekends, and you guys need some help and I'll be like bro. I'll teach him piano like I started piano lessons very young at age. Two. So like it's never too early to start, this guy I think we could get him to write his first song by age. Three. If we move down bring kids with you on tour, do you know definitely not he'll stay at home, but I think you know when I'm mad I know about the whole. My depression documenting. This isn't a way to be able to I didn't want it to go there guys. We could switch real fast, but we know why us I'll just change the subject by just saying: I have another gift and oh yeah. Well, the first of all. Also, what's the name of your sister tell me your sister honestly I, don't really want to get into okay, but I do want to tell her um. She made me with my favorite shirt that I own, like how did you know well, obviously fan she's a huge fan. Well, thank you to her who shall remain nameless for now, but god bless her. This is her name. If you really want to know itzchak Weesa, it's up its up, Teresa Olivia, no I'm, serious, Jack, huesca jacquees aside, I, want to say I need mess up the name Jack Weesa Jack. We said tree. No, it's not my last name but I'm, not gonna, say my last name, because I don't really want to get into that right now, trying to keep it like a little bit. Smoother starts, let's start with some lighter, so Jay Jay, yeah, JT, okay, so I'm just trying to see you see if you have more gifts, I have one more okay. Well, let's get it away, and the intern in today yeah of course Ian's. Always here right. He can we get him out. Here is Ian here today, he's sleeping you can try you think that way. You know we always have to ask a lot of those time for him. I love that painting by the way. Thank you, I really I'm, trying not to be wrong holy [, __ ]! You look amazing dude yeah. Are you doing something different with your hair? Oh, is this new shampoo woke up like this I? Don't know what happened? We look like. Oh hey, sis or some [, __, ] I, know Rader started I got a little something for you. It's not much, but I have a custom. Oliver tree fidget, spinner I, don't know if we can get that kazoom din enough. This thing is one of a kind. They literally only made one so you're, the only one who has when it whoa get it. Yeah, what the [ __ ] he's doesn't do. [ __ ] he's answer: bro I'm a huge fan of his research. Thank you. You did on Bella, Duveen, really impressive stuff. Someone in here appreciates his powerpoints are some of the most powerful powerpoints I've ever seen. Thank you. They have a lot of points blessings blessing, but Ian rachet though Ian's been kind of revolting against me later. He doesn't like being on the show anymore. What's the deal, dude I say NC, you came in here. This is your fault. I didn't come on. You got your food spinner. Now you got it I got it. Thank you all. Thank you. We love him he's the best. The problem with Ian is that no he's so funny and he's so likable and everyone likes him, but he doesn't like being on camera right. So I on one hand want to respect his Irish I. Do respect also he's true he's a true artist where he will not make a PowerPoint unless he thinks it's worth it and we keep telling him. We want more right. I was completely [, __ ] with him there's my guys. Can share that I was thinking we could give that over to Theodore. But if you guys want more, you know, bro, that's a really smooth, glide I know that's what I'm saying like this is really high. We literally got to come to the creme yeah I, don't know if anything else. That's it all right! Well, thank you for being here. Thank you for the gifts. Thanks for having me, oh yeah, you know I, think you know that's really enough fun and games. I think we should really get down to it. I mean you're. Let's get down you're a babe guy I'm, a babe God uh. Let's just do what the people want to see here. I we do a little good, old-fashioned, vape off, okay! Well, I'm glad you brought that up. Yes, we should, and first of all, let me just say you come you say: you're, the vape, God and I think that's an issue we have. Some computer sounds going on here dan. What was that oliver is distracted? Dan, you really messed up. Oh I, first of all have to make a vape disclaimer because YouTube's out of control, what's going on, there's no weed in our Papes, what there's no weed and our vapes. What's up with the marijuana logo, it's there's not. We put tape over here over well. Mine is just pure wheat. No I, don't say that because YouTube elects Miley, not we yeah, that's better. We can recall its pure VG right, there's! No there's! No nicotine, it's just pure VG! There's! No anything! It's a harmless fun! Little gag! Don't vape it's gluten! For you not very free! We do it so now wholly free. Let us do our thing, but I, don't like that. You're coming off, calling yourself the vape, God! Well, dude! It's nothing to disrespect, but I didn't even come up with that name myself! That's just what people started. Calling me I just went with it. I mean the drill is pretty epic you're more like a vape Prince, though of like I, don't know, I, guess how do you see it? Let's just here, I want to hear you out, I mean and let's bring someone else in who, maybe is you you know competing for this time? Let's well, let's just compete and let it speak for itself who's, the gun who's, the print. That's the way to do this. So, first of all, do you have your weaponry with you, of course, I bring it everywhere. So, let's bring it in. Could you have a guy who can bring it you're gonna grab it I'm gonna grab it. Your jewel reminds me of like clouds weapon from Final Fantasy. You know like a vape sword. Oh yeah he's on standby. Well, okay, Dan's bring it in my weaponry. Yeah I mean dude. Come on I can't even carry this. Do it I'm too weak you can you can put it right here? Thank you so much appreciate that. So, let's just get a look at the gear here before we babe. Oh, thank you Dan. Thank you kindly appreciate that. Okay, good, thank you everybody! So we had so here we have Oliver, let's get a shot, so here is the biggest jewel ever made. Can we say that oh you're, coming apart there yeah so tell me about your jewel, so this thing is 6,000 watts I set it up so that we have the full mod kit on there. What you're seeing here is easily the most powerful vape. That's ever been designed for human consumption. At least, let's hear a little bit about your vape I'm, seeing something it's a lot smaller in person. Okay. So so that's funny that you said it's the most powerful vape ever devised, because this thing weighs it's got. 150 batteries. You said how much watts is that one, this one's six million, there's nothing [ __ ], this [ __ ] power, really batteries, this one side, dude, you think I'm, dumb bro! This could power a small city. Okay, this has powered a small city. It has which city I'm not getting in just hit the damn thing on the count of three: let's just hit this yeah. We should wait at a time. That's technology and I want to measure the cloud size right. Do you think goes. First, is ela, impartial, judge, I, think so, yeah of course. Of course, okay, that goes without saying: yes, she's she'll take any opportunity to uh here's. What I'm thinking me down a peg? No, you go first, you want me to go. First old, timers go first, all time! Sorry! What do you mean luck? You say to me: okay, do you want to call me old, timer old man, yeah I have a child now, so it's fair enough, you're gonna, be a grandpa. Call me grandpa, call me grandpa after this [ __ ] grandpa, that's literally nothing dude! That's a [ __ ] joke! You said that is how many watts six six million. You want to see. One more yes, I feel like that was entry level. I'm warming, Dara Singh dude. There we go Walmart, okay, that was pretty dope little smokey enough one old man all right. Let's see what you got here, boy we get a drumroll, hey I didn't get a drumroll; no, no, don't give him a drumroll. That's why I'm the king seriously, though, can you get the drumroll? Don't give him a drumroll and can I get a countdown? That's just disrespectful! All right here we go here. I'll give you this I'll give you the cricket sounds off-key I'm, not hitting it. I got something better. You know, Philip DeFranco go ahead, get give him a drumroll yeah, dad Zak. This shows not as well as I thought. [Music] he's hitting it hard he's, sucking it in I'm scared, I'm shaking this is a hard, and that was I mean it looked harsh manic, honestly, I, don't think my manager charged this thing. No, that looks usually his way hard that that looked like a fat rip for a six thousand jewel, though sixty thousand I thought it was six. You upgraded it to six bro, okay. So one more time now that was I mean for a jewel that was a fat rip. That's really what a vapor hey guys, we'll just let the stuff play! I'm gonna take one more hit, but you have to do it to the sub no drumroll [Laughter]. When you get sucking it in he's hitting hard he's getting fired's. Now it came from the side. It was like a t-shape cloud that looked harsh man, we're still figuring out all the levels you need like some coils or somehow. The judge I feel like there's no God here on either side boy. Are you serious way? You saw I ripped a really fat cloud. I mean I'm, not in that Alaba, though, because I also did blow nothing right. I did take that into consideration. So what are? We might have been the biggest one yo daddy. You can't come in here on your own evangelist, that's yours, he came and broke it and then out vape me. Can you get the hell out of here believe this [ __ ]? Well, he made us both look like black poppers. All right give me a kickin me, a [, __ ] I'm, an out vape that Dan, just by the way, Dan just admit on last episode: ia's oral herpes, Oh and now I'm supposed to have a back. That's literally the way my wash is bad I, don't trust his guy to wash Theodore's laundry anyway. Whoever that is, do we have an out rubbing alcohol because I mean Dan goes unless episode. I'm talking about how Bell Delphine has oral herpes and he goes well. 50% of all people have oral herpes I was like Dan, you have herpes, don't you right, dude and he's like yeah I. Do you're gonna like that? Well, you said it [ __, ] guy. Are you guys like this couple of the other? Nothing but I come here, and it's like you start kind of being eggy when I walk in the shooter, cuz, I'm, late egg and sorry I'm late, and that's not true I'll. Let the team speak for himself. What is eggy like egg Shelly yeah man, but he's walking on a sea of eggshells? No, no! Hey! Let me just say this: bro I have I can only endorse so much disrespect. All right, well, I'm, a very sensitive guy, okay! Well after this vapor you're gonna want to leave, don't you dare cuz, it's gonna be that fat. Let's see, I want to see like the real thing, because I keep hearing the drum roll. The drum roll is my thing. Okay, here we go, [Music] was that fat. That was it. Thank you. I know. I said some stuff I regret saying, but you know what you're a guy. That was a quick turnaround when I see someone who babe like that, doesn't matter how you talk, we love Dan. He just has her fees. He admitted in the last episode. He said he has oral herpes I mean, but it's between you know that's between him and God and me and everyone listening. Okay, let's go I, feel bad I feel like we let people down. We may be over hyped up this whole vape thing and I feel like sounds like we. Let you down so give us a summary. You love your yeah. What would you say? How was that I think that we've had some downs, but then there were some ups and I feel like I didn't get my full like? Well, that's cuz! My editor just didn't charge the [ __ ]. Let me ask you this: it's not fully charged up. It's probably out like I would say a thousand watts right. It's not hitting at full capacity. Definitely not hitting it folk about. Well, let me invite you to hit. Are her pee laced, vape, yeah yeah, because this thing rips fat and I'm gonna, give you some pointers to okay? That's not yeah, because if that thing Falls with that capacity, it may explode, the building [Laughter] fell over and shattered. Is it okay? No, for those reasons, I'm out, he is leaning it again, yeah it's busted actually. Is it really broken? No, no holy [ __ ], that's not cool man. We got it, we got a who? Can we blame for that I? Think in my van earthquake, yeah! Well, those have been happening. I know that's what I'm saying yeah I think one way we can redeem this situation, you take enough. A trip on that thing. I've always wanted to hit this thing come over here, so you should so. First of all, you should lift it to get the full experience [Music]. If you, this thing is powered by a small nuclear reactor. So if you drop it, we may have a miniature Noble so hold it tight this a baby's. What is this? This is literally a baby. This is the adorn use. This thing yeah, so Oliver, is picking up the master vape right now, he's struggling with the best, but he'll get it on there you go so what I would recommend to you do to hit this vape that doesn't have a weed or anything in it. It's just sugar water. Is it heavy? This is heavier than you thought so hit the hold the button and let it let it start to sit a little bit. Oh there's a button left hand a red button. Okay, so let it sizzle a little bit and then suck in okay. There you go suck baby hit it hard, I'll, just say it: dude I, don't think the technology is there you, the vaping technology, has not caught up to our skill levels, not funny games, man enough, let's get serious I think we do have to vapor guards. Thank you a lot. Let's join hands. All of us, let's say a fair, dear father and God. Well, let's honestly give prayer to the one true vape, god I like I, weigh Jesus Christ, the one true vape God who blessed us with the powerful and the technology. That's not quite there yet, but it's getting there amen, amen, amen, amen, amen! Thank you all right. So let's ask some questions. Let me I, guess I'll, ask you. Questions is an interview right, right, I, guess so man I guess we have to get to that point of the interview. So let me ask you this [ __ ] I, wasn't ready for this. I wasn't prepared for an interview, hey I think we can pass on the interview. I've got a couple more presents. I know. I should be saying you're from Santa Cruz right yeah, that's so cool you're, Santa, Cruz native SC local. So what was your guy's whole thing about Santa Cruz, you went to UCSC yeah to UCSC I flunked out, I went to kibrit or what was the Community College? Oh yeah wait there - for you. Maybe we went at the same time. You know I had a better education there living in a lot straight up. Do the best. I did because UCSC all the classes I'd like 500 people and they're clowns. Oh your noses! Oh [, __ ], there's tissue right there right across from you, bro. How did snoc start coming out of your nose, bro? That was bad. There's a huge Lube popping out of my boys, nose I've been sick for a while bro just don't hit that babe once in Santa, Cruz I lived there for like seven or eight years man, so I was there for a while Lila lived there with me for a year yeah. So I was curious. What was it like for you guys as non locals and Santa Cruz, where there's any animosity towards you? Is there any kind of vicious locals coming after you? What was that like? Well I, wanted to ask you something similar because I know I noticed that the locals there there is some hostility straight up. I go salt, the slugs right, so we always say so. Did you hate the students there? What was your vibe with the students in the college? Basically you're taught to hate them? Really? No! Okay! No! No! It's not like that, but there is a hostility over ownership of the beach because they're the ones who spend the most time there and then they clean it and certain things I treat it as if it's their main beach, the surfers yeah the surfers and anyone who just yeah and so I think it stems with just frustration of having to share something that isn't even theirs. So I think they're like confused as far as taking ownership for something we all own. You know and like we should all have access to the beach doesn't matter. If you live over the hill, but the end of the day. You know, there's just I think it comes with any beach town, there's a certain hostility with over the hill valleys, the slugs and so I'm. Just here I'm here to just kind of stop that just let them know these is for everybody. Let them come on down. You're gonna jump in there you can get your ass beat. Next is well there's some crazy low I, almost got dude I was at the beach. Actually, it happened at the beach I. Was there with my friends and some drunk local guys were trying to start some fights with us? We had to bounce nothing, we were minding our own business and they were trying to Mack on our girls. I mean either weren't together at the time, but there was some girls there. I guess I've never experienced it, but I. Wasn't there enough and I didn't experience too much of it on to be honest with you good I'm glad to hear that I mean I hope it was a good time. I've always wondered what it's like to grow up there yeah it's it's a trippy place to grow. It is places that can produce all of our trees got to be a [ __ ] wild spot. We had some wild days, I'll say that, but at the end of the day it's definitely there's a darker side to it. That's pretty plugged-in drug use, I! You know me Neela frequently go there shocked me when I moved there, because I moved there from Israel right. Well, the first place she moved from Israel yeah Wow. How was that coming from Israel, not I mean I loved. It I still do it's a virtual place, but what you just said, it's so true like it's like everyone, there does drugs and, like serious, you know, even my a lot of my college friends ended up like smoking heroin right getting it. Some gnarly [ __ ], it's not just like Oh. It's like serious! That's what you do in the woods like Bonnie Doon, these [ __ ] go and start cooking meth up there like one. It's like something in the air up in those pine trees or whatever those redwoods straight up. You know what I'm saying something's off dude I can't put my finger on it. It's like twin peaks', but meth. Instead of like supernatural, [ __ ], you got to stay away from, but um I mean either often go back there, yeah and I feel like I've, noticed it more and more like there's this area or downtown on on a Pacific like over the bridge. What's the name of that street there, the bridge the connects to Pacific it's like Mission or some [, __, ] I, don't know yeah I'm, not good with names. Well, anyway, there's an area there, that's like really just CDs CDs, all hell man, it's crazy sure, it's a beautiful place and it yeah it's just you know I think there's a lot of access to a lot of drugs there and I think that's the same everywhere, but you know I think there's something about it's kind of a bubble. People get stuck in there. No, like you know it's a good place to get stuck. People are gonna, get stuck somewhere. So it's like it's a beautiful place to get stuck at the end of the day, but um I think there's definitely a bubble syndrome. There yeah absolutely, but it Bette great Mexican food incredible, but in general the food is incredible. Other unbelievable! You got a favorite restaurant there, the bagel REE the bagel end of the big yellow one. Oh yes, where's the big spot, dude there's a couple of them: Jack they're all across the energies, but it's just like the main bagel spot. I always hit him up. What's up shout out, have you heard of the bagel, the bagel munchkin, all that places Josh now the bagel munchkins you brought bagels. This cut this little dude who got in a fight at the bagel store. Oh I, seen it yeah, pretty dull I call him the bagel muncher I'll [ __ ], that guy that guy's a legend man. We should pull it up now that we're talking about it. I've got it here. No, it's a little watch it without audio yeah. You need the audio on that to kind of get the full experience, oh so, by the way, a great little. What can I find? This is the legend. Why can I find the video? Oh man, this shows off the rails, got it before you. Well anyway, it's commercial time anyway. Right then yeah! Oh, that's true! We can well, let's set up the bagel boss, the bagel boss, he's not really a boss, he's more of a munchkin I'm being Frank. That was the name of the bagel. Oh, that's the name of this store, yeah yeah, okay, I was like wow. That's really quite generous to him to call my boss, but regardless won't dig into this when we come back from the break, we've got all of our tree here. I want to watch some of your music videos. I want to dig into to the music itself, because you're, a talented guy, you're I, think you're, a phenomenal and I would even say and guys head on over to Culver tree music. Calm get some tickets to see this man on stage with his vape sword. Yes, sir, all right we'll be back. It's coming the biggest shopping day on the planet. Yes, I'm talking about Amazon Prime day. Let's forget for a moment that their employees have to pee in their pants and wear diapers, to meet quotas, the most insane day of savings across the air and that's the largest marketplace marketplace. But did you know there's such a thing as prime day every day? Oh, that's! Where honey comes in it's possible and it's easy, because honey is a free browser, extension that searches the internet for coupon codes and then like magic automatically applies them to your cart at checkout. Now Amazon's acting like oh, is the best deals today, no with honey. We always get the best deals because they scan all the vendors and make sure you're getting the best deal, because the one that Amazon doesn't show isn't always the cheapest and the best deal you can get one cheaper, that's still, prime baby and that's what honey is all about magic when you shop online honey searches every last one of Amazon's, two million plus sellers to make sure you're getting the lowest price possible, honey, even factors in tax shipping and prime status. What it's Amazon Prime day every day boy simply put if there's a better price honey, we'll find it in seconds. Take, for example, this Netgear gaming, a router okay, it's usually 78 bucks, but when you see that little honey pop up here take a look, save eight bucks, you click this freaking button it takes, it automatically puts it in to another vendor. That's got the same gig and it's eight dollars. Cheaper honey is a money, saving machine. It's easy to install it. Just takes two freaking clicks, guys, prime days coming up, but as prime day every day when you've got honey, it's you got nothing to lose this. The best thing ever add honey for free at jo-ann, honey, calm, slash, age, three, that's join honey, calm, slash age, three for hems, calm, a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for men. Thanks to science, your dick can be hard all the freaking time. That's Edie baby. It should be optional. Him connects you with the real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat your erectile dysfunction, well-known generic equivalents to name-brand subscriptions help you combat that empty dick! That's! What Edie stands for this prescription solutions backed by science. You answer a few quick questions. You chat with a doctor for a confidential review. Products are shipped directly to your door. Severe Edie, isn't just an issue for rich old guys. In fact, it affects men in the 30s and 40s as well, so guys, let's get that limp, sad penis back up to full flak because there's nothing that gets me rock hard like a rock. That's what's so gay! Nothing gives me a rock hard like a rock-hard. Penis I mean rock hard in the that is literally you get, is literally get but like in a metaphorical way like I'm rock hard for your rock guard. Yeah, that's gay, but it's not be that as it may, I am I. Want your dick to be hard dude, be your being your best means performing your best. It's a wreck tile without the function. Baby, hard made easy, say hello to your little friend, so try him for a month today for just five dollars will get. You started for just five bucks. While supplies last see the website for full details. This would cost hundreds if you went to a doctor or pharmacy so go to four hands: calm slush h3e D, that's fo, r, h, IM, s.com, /h, 3 e d, 4, hands, calm, /h, 3e d, we're just going over this vape that we had. You are having your experts come in and look at it. Yeah I have my guys, look at it and I think it's broken man. Is that funny? Not this again, so yeah wait before we get started yeah? Is it cool if I wear the beanie doubt the talking being yeah, you can put it on it's. You look mad, no I'm thinking. Can you actually well you'll see it's heavy? It's like it might not be wearable yeah. It's not be honorable cuz that that's the vaping beanie or it's coughing, it's coughing being it looks like it looks good man. Thank you! So yeah you can rock that, of course, less I want to watch some of your music videos is that okay yeah? That would be epic um I love him. Man, I, [, __, ], love him. So first, the first I heard of you. You know this is the first I heard of you was when I saw her I. Don't remember how I even came across that I think it was someone I saw it on Twitter or something she's got the music off on the [ __ ], music. Video? Is this a joke? No I'll put it on is going on here. So this video got 20 million views, but it's even though it's age restricted I mean that must have really [ __ ]. It [ __. ] me man, it's so annoying I've been censored. Yes, I'm just making art making a piece about death. This shouldn't be like something that is coveted from the world's eyes like it's made it from the my perspective as an artist. It gave me a shaft really about it now, I'm constantly concerned about what I can and cannot do, I'm having to compromise my visions I have to be concerned about what I shown it's the end of the day. It's not really anything! You didn't really allistic I mean there's birds flying out of my head, like it's a cartoon, a hundred percent of yeah well I, don't understand because there's a lot of huge music videos with billions of views that are showing launched here, [, __, ] yeah. A big problem is that you, those people, are making them money, so they actually have something to lose with my thing that nobody's watching this compared to the billion plate, music, video. This is a [ __, ] joke, but you have a you're part of a big label right you're with the big boy. Yes, so they I talk to you about this yeah and I tried to have the label try to fight it, because we brought up so many examples. Videos that are way more sexual way, more violent, show graphic blood-spot are people shooting each other in the head, yeah there's all kinds of it. You know I'm, so mine is like it post moans, a rockstar there. It's like a Kill, Bill bloodbath, mm-hmm, there's shitloads. I don't want to go out there, calling after people trying to get their video. No! No, that's not gonna happen. That's not I, know but I'm, saying there's so many examples and I at the end of the day, I feel like I've been censored because I used the SCOOTER, crucifix and I. Think that's why people are coming after me. I think it really has more to do with it's a pair. It's a religious parody, that's sensitive issue. It's not like I'm, even making fun of anything I'm, just making an art piece about what I've seen in my surroundings in my life and and I grew up with family. That was Catholic on one side, and so that was kind of shoved down my throat, and this is a byproduct of that. It's not something I try to do it's just. This is what it is. Well certain art about your life. You know certainly you're not and I've, been censored for that. You know. I spoke to my people at YouTube and they so what they told me there's one scene where a tank blows off your head and there's a little blood right. So they said this specific moment is with the birth. Oh yeah, you have to be living in a cartoon. I was like girl world to think that that's real life I was so upset and then well. They removed it right. Breathing on age-restricted, cuz I had to label fight them yeah, and then it just got age-restricted again, so it didn't do anything in they try again it's over. They tried, god they tried for a long time. It's snowing. It's so [ __ ] up LLL, never open regardless. You still managed to get 20 million views on a video, that's ages, for good, that's incredible and a testament to how fantastic this video is. So, let's watch it together sound on this time. Sound are we on here? Let me test it. Let me test the sound and see if it's on that's a long cricket sound affect you. Maybe we cut that down. So here we go guys. This is Oliver tree, hurt official music video full screen that [ __ ] dude. What's going on, you gotta cook, quite a production value on your music videos. Thank you very. This [ __ ] took seven months to make, but some of these ideas I've had this idea since I was a kid. This shot this shot specifically singing getting brought into the ambulance. That's something I've wanted to do since I was 12 years old. So that's kind of be crazy to see that come to fruition, yet I'm shocked that I even got it to this point. But now that's age, restricted doesn't even really matter am I love it when musicians put so much into the music videos. Thank you think it adds. So much they're, really great- you don't see it anymore. You know since empty, like MTV was the heyday. You still see cool music videos yeah like this [ __ ] is like over the top and I mean in a good way. You know you guys went all out yeah it's because not only do I write and produce my own music, like it's authentic, coming from a real place, but then I write the videos and I also direct them. So it's really being able to tell the full picture of the vision. Here's. What I'm gonna do I am a serial video pause. Etre people on this on the show know me as a serial video pause er. What I would like to do is play it through without a pause. Let's do let's watch it and then let's talk about it because I think yes, the whole thing does that seem like a good idea. Let's do it I think it's a good! Let's show these [ __ ], kids. What's good, all right know if you hate this, that's okay! If you love this, that's okay, but we need to know. Is this [ __ ] is raw and uncensored baby we're gonna have to [ __ ] blur some of it out, so it can be on the podcast I know at all my [ __ ] pocket schedule. I have to bleep get that scene I'm a few which don't do it I'm, not that censor. You dare yeah, but you know what we can do is post the highlight would be like well, this one's not age restricted, because we cut out that tank part. Now we're talking right, we're getting sand, then I'll name that highlight official music video. Can we make a highlight of that highlight yes here we go no pausing, two minutes. Everybody gear up, get some popcorn. Let's do it. [Music], [Music] [Music], don't always see your heart. Your tonight should one days are so bad for you. This is that [Music] this is it I, don't know what to do. Cereal paws are dude. Stop [, __, ], pausing, it [, __, ], good I, don't want my old vodka, so what's happening is there's a bunch of Russian dudes on a tank and they snipe his head. You got a tank bro yeah army check, that's just real, no CGI here. This part I have to yeah, but it got you a drink. I know all you have to do here. We go so now. You're going what's up [ __ ], going on here, dude real Blosser I'm, trying to help you man well happy Mike everything, [Music] [Music] demons out here, [Music] [Applause] [Music], so you think this was part of history. I think so he's crucified to a giant razor I thought so too, but they said it was the time I know this is Owen. This is the reason they're coming after me and then they find any reason to be able to try the age-restricted. That's my theory. It's a razor! Well, we got. We did get a district at once because we made a video called Christian moms against dabbing and they don't [ __ ] with any religious [. __ ] there wait, wait, wait can I just say something sure you just pause the [ __ ] video in the middle that we were talking about something. That's interesting, maybe I'm a serial father man, it's a real here. I'm gonna go back so that we can capture them. Um. All right, silent, don't talk to me! Either! Don't try to talk! You wanna go Lena's father. This scene sucks dude. There I said it should have paid more for the CGI I'm. Sorry say that again, I should have paid more for the CGI. There I said it. That's practical effects in it I'm not about to go in here, saying all my secrets: dude yeah, it's just done all real [Music]. We actually had to build the world's biggest scooter, nothing practical about it. [Music]. So there's some kind of statement about you being Jesus Christ right about here, like you kind of died on the scooter. No, it's not that it's that I've sacrificed my life for this and that's me giving my everything right people. So it's a sacrifice. How's! It look I want to know if hopper beanie etiquette, how can we make this thing? Look as good as it can be. There's many suggestions, there's a there's machinery inside of it, which makes it difficult. Am I messing this thing up? Did I brought yes well, there's there's some kind of gears and a vaping mechanism yeah there's a lot so I've broken. This clearly is the mower time come out of it no way and so I brew, and yet you ruined it for sure you dropped it. Well, you broke my big babes and we're either. How did I break it? So, let's talk about this music video, all right, you were in Ukraine for eight months, so we went across the world to film this in Ukraine yeah, the crazy part about Ukraine, and we film this any Kiev crazy part about Ukraine. Is it's pretty much mafioso out there? You actually pay the cops under the table like bribe style like for your permit yeah. There is no permit process. It's like you, have money built into the budgets to be able to bribe the police, so smoking weed is illegal, but if you paid the police, you can smoke weed wherever you want, shut down. Major traffic shoot off army tango in the middle of the street. Yeah, that's cool yeah. Why did you guys? How did you guys decide on on what? If, at the end of the day, everything in LA has pretty much been filmed like a thousand times, so it's played out yeah so like? Let's do it somewhere else and the idea became about them like, let's just get the [ __ ] out of here I'm trying to dip, and so we just got on the next flight and we just flew over there and we started the process. It took about seven months total and we were in Kiev for a month straight filming, but it ended up being like with the post and with every single part of the editing and writing process. It was about eight or nine months, but the ideas have been curating for the last I would say ten years starting load, that's amazing! Well, it really came together. I mean thank you. It made me a fan. It was the first thing. I saw yours and I was immediately like and I just I kind of got enraged when I saw was 8 restricted, because I was like this dude obviously put his heart and soul, and all the effort in the world into this music fit for YouTube da [, __, ] age-restricted for know. I was like what what possible reason is there to age? Restrict this [ __ ] video man, I'm honored. Thank you for that support man. So everyone who's watching this. That means the world. You know if everyone could go check this video out. If you're logged into YouTube, you really want to watch it like. You should go check it out. You know we mean the world. You know right now. It's it's pretty much backfired on itself and I think that song. It went number three on alternative radio, but the YouTube has not taken off like it should have for a song. That's going to number three on that so well, it was the kind of thing where no one can watch it. They can't even find it. You can't really Google for it. They are not signed in right yeah. It makes you agree that you're over yeah, when, when you're ageist forget it's very, very severe yeah I. Don't but I do if you thought about uploading, possibly like a I, couldn't do it. He 13 Britain, yet to understand I'm an actual artist I just have this is how I do it. This is it and I've been currently just trying to I have to scale back some of my ideas and I'm constantly like being concerned about what do I have to cut out I'll. Tell you what and to get age-restricted yeah. Let's hear it. If you have I know people on YouTube like the people who make these decisions, you know the bigwigs in charge, yes thing, and so we can pitch them. If you have a specific idea, you say: hey can I show this they'll tell you yes or no that and you can get an actual answer. You don't have to guess right, which is something help Smee a lot yeah. Well, hey. Are you in touch I need to talk to these [ __ ] people yeah, but yeah I mean you set the record straight. I went to youtube. I said: how do we fix this? They said look into it. No call back. Eight months later, YouTube I'm gonna follow up with my guy I'm gonna follow up and see. If you can do it, I think this thing is broken, dude I, don't know, but there's something about you. I have bad like everything you touched today. Mechanically has broken and I don't I'm just noticing some kind of trend dan can help yo. Can we guess? Can we get someone to help? Can we get a drum roll? Please Zach. We get the drum roll that guy with the drum roll [Music] dan is fixing the mic. Oliver is taking a sip of his coffee and go ahead. You can and we are in the h3 podcast. What is popping yeah, we're back I'm gonna, follow up and see it but yeah. It's such a tragedy. You guys go, but at any rate it's a masterpiece. It really is so much oh yeah and I. Guess you know the one thing I didn't say is like the the most the travesty of it all was. This was not in a really cheap video to make. This show was extremely expensive. We made a documentary about the making of it, which is fantastic. I made this music video with the small loan of a million dollars from Atlantic Records. It was initially going to be 500,000. I was able to raise it to 750,000 then, and by the end of it, by after the whole post and editing and all the special effects I ended up coming out to just over a million dollars and to spend a million dollars on a two and a half minute music video that gets aid restricted. It's pretty [ __ ] up. Oh my goodness, it's always been devastating to everyone at the label. They don't want to give me more money to do bigger videos. Cuz they're, like this shit's, literally just wasting our money I. We were wondering about that like how do you guys afford that? Yes, so my music videos are pretty grandiose compared to an artist that doesn't have a album out or is a new artist. The way I set my deal up was that I carved out half the money. I was supposed to get I put it into marketing budgets to make the music videos bigger, so you're, paying for it I'm paying for every every penny. I get goes right into the production right into the music video. Now that I'm directing it's cheaper too, because I'm not paying 10 percent to some director or their agent fee, I'm able to just put every penny back into the production, so you're, seeing like every bit of the money being put back in and at the end of the day like the product is quality but Wow. You know I'm reached this point where I can't afford to make another million dollar music video and have this [ __ ] age-restricted, the label will literally drop me but you're paying for it I'm paying them back. They give me a loan essentially and I pay them back, because you know I mean it's just setup as they're a bank and I'm just basically extorting them for as much money as a manager and at the end of the day, I put every penny back into their product. So how can you complain? Atlantic Records? Do they complain? They gotta be a no and yeah they're amazing shout out to my people over there. You guys know the story about how I got signed. No I love the earth. So this isn't something I actually talked about. That was actually a trick question. Just seeing. If you guys watched any of my interviews I did you do any research at all for this? Yes, I know you did I'm looking at you. Yes, dude, probably just a lot of you and you should have seen my vape tutorials. You don't have able to Toros. Of course, I do see I've done research, you don't have a tutorial. I have them and they're on my old youtube account Madden yep. We don't have that good of research come on you're. Not not. You think Ian's gonna dip dip that deep dude ian is [ __ ], incredible, don't talk, [ __ ] about him and I am I. Gonna play it boy, Dansby tutorials bro come on no dude. At the end of the day, you got a great team again, you don't need to talk [ __ ] on in the intern. Just because he's an intern. You know like just because I told them that fidget spinner was one kind, doesn't mean I, don't [ __ ] with them like I love him I love his research yeah. He really has taken this podcast in the entire show to the next level, and you know it's good guy who's got the data and you know can give the research and then you just do your. You know informed opinion and I think that's quite a powerful approach. Thank you very much. What were we talking about back to the music video? So what happened? Was the label tells me I'm not making another one of these [ __ ] videos? How did you get sign to Atlantic? So is that a that was something I was oh, come on? Did you really are breaking our [ __ ]? That was a gift from somebody. That means a lot to me and I. Do think. Probably I mean you really are breaking it, I, don't care! Okay, no wait! Do I need to stop. You can wear it, but it is No. Stop dropping it. Yeah I'm, not trying. Let's watch another music, okay, I'll! Let me tell you, see all right: I'm gonna set this up one last time: yeah, okay, sure it wasn't I'm sure laughs. All right, I just want to say this little story. Okay, so are you with me we good so far. So this is the story of how I signed with Atlantic Records. They fly me out to New York for an interview. The CEO Craig Kalman is sitting at the end of this hallway that my managers called me and Oliver come out I'm wearing this full outfit I come out on my scooter, I'm ready, I, take I'm, taking my head off I'm riding no hands, and this guy's, like oh wow and then I go I. Do a 360, I fall I make it look like I hit. My head, I've got blood capsules in my mouth, I just start spitting the blood on its cover. My son like thinks he has a lawsuit on everything and I'm. Just like stop nice to meet you, sir thanks for having me out here and I, went right into the business pitch and afterwards like what would you think of him? He's like? Oh he's Olivia's haven't come back next week, so he's some nerdy Jill come on dude. No, you don't need to make this Semitic. It's only somatic bro. Everything is somatic, I, don't even okay, but to be frank hell of a guy. He ended up taking on the project and signing it to Atlantic, and- and here we are at the h3 podcast. So is that a true story? That's a [ __ ], true story, and that was a big deal for me. Actually getting the deal I wanted, because when you prank the CEO of the company, people start to be like we want to work on the he pranked, our boss, hell yeah and I had set it up so that I had allocated the proper budget so that I could afford to have the art budgets to have the same art department that is working on Ed, Sheeran's videos and Bruno Mars's. You know like and they're all their cover art I mean while I have the same budget as those artists, because I just took all the money and put it into the promotion side. So it's the kind of thing where I could work with these people and then like I, was able to get the building behind me and once you start pranking and more pulling off some of this stuff, that I did the word gets out and then the building gets behind you and you gotta have the building behind you before you know, you're gonna be able to I wish I knew [ __ ]. You were telling the truth. This is fact I haven't told the story before, but it's honestly a true story: who's your manager. Is he here yeah? Can you put him on uh Dan? Is he in the building he's in the building? Put him on the put him on the camera? Let's see, what's his name, it's all blurry. What happened you vaping into the camera there dad what the [ __ ] going on over there. Let me see the switch you to him. Your cameras, all blurry anyway. Let's, let's get a look at Bigler. What's your name, Dana wad? What are you doing? A great tie say his name wrong. What'd, you say: Dana wad Dave, his name's Dane. We call them insane Dane Oh, Dame, okay, so you were there during the pitch on the scooter yeah. This is a 1000%, true story. How can I be more than a hundred percent? True, it's a thousand percent and whose idea was it? It was mine, okay, so here's the funny part this guy, and what did you mean? Yes, guy? Who was the A&amp;R who didn't end up being my A&amp;R NRA's artisan repertoires? The person who signs the artists and kind of helps them be their liaison at the label. So this guy he's like this is the one chance I work with Oliver tree come prank, my boss, so someone else idea to prank the boss, but uh I didn't even remember that he just I was going to school at the time at CalArts and he was he called me one day at school. He's like hey man. You want to come to New York to do the meeting and I'm like yeah. Let's do it he's like I'll call you a red-eye tonight, so I fought in New, York I get there and I haven't, slept and he's like. So, what's the big trick and I'm like oh [, __ ], big prank I'm like get me a razor scooter and some fake blood tablets? That's amazing, and now how you get signed. I mean it's true. You want to make an impression impression and um. Well, you were you guys what says the president - they're, not gonna box me in as some type of artist that they're trying to fill in to their roster? It's like this guy's gonna. Do whatever the [ __ ] he wants is a loose. Can you set these kind of levels? Allow me to kind of get away with what I want to and set them up being like look, if you guys aren't ready for some out there. This ain't, the right project for you, that's really smart! You know I've gone into some meetings as myself and you have like there's like you're [, __, ], boring well, you're like do I put on, do I, dress nice and go in and get all proper, but it's like bro I'm, I'm, a comedian. That's my job! I! Don't yeah! You're I'm gonna go in there. I'm gonna go in there with sandals cuz that they want that right. They want the guy wearing Sam gone with socks and sandals. That's it why? Why do they want anything else? Socks and sandals? Are you go layer, one arc and razor? Well, that's! That's! We always got the socks. Oh my goodness, I'll put this away. I wish I could wear this the whole interview, man, why don't you it does the beanie separate from the mechanics I think so so you could do that yeah, it's already broken I'm gonna, throw it out after you leave anyway. So it's fine! Well, it does open all right. Let's see, yeah we're desecrating this part, no I'm, not yeah. Well, then, if that's the case, let me just wear this thing: do you want any beanie dant, get him a beanie for Christ's sake, Robbie just destroyed our set -. Were you guys worried if that was a good idea or not or you're like this is dumb? What was the beanie with you in the manager, Dane dude, here's the thing man Dane. What were your thoughts on that? Did you? Were you worried about that? Stunt I'll just tell you what, because Dave's not day, and it's actually dan dan, what I you know: DJ Danny man, D man get over here. Were you were you uh? Were you worried about that? Stunner? Were you on board? Honestly, that's really like nothing compared to some of the [ __ ] Oliver like plans and makes us go through, so that was like a very light-hearted like well hold on there. Do you have any other anecdotes honestly like I? Can't really you know this is Oliver's moment, I'm gonna. Let him tell what he wants to tell dude. Let's put it this way. Him he's a good man. Last week got your back. I had I have a driver. This driver picked up on one day, I shouldn't say too much, but one day he picks up a three and a half pound joint the next day. He goes and picks up a race car and then the day after that we had to go and rent this whole bouncy house. So it's like you know every day is a different thing, but I'm requesting all kinds of stuff, I'm, like hey I, need to get the painting from my sister I need you to make sure that it's in the frame I'm asking for all this [ __, ] and so I'm, making him jump through hoops. But you know there's no other real way to do this. Yeah. You got your mission, we're on a mission and we got an incredible team. Some of the most epic people, just a team of about 40 or 50 I, mean who makes your clothing one. Second, it's a team of 45 who are able to work together on one yeah. It's a huge team think about Oliver Leonardo DiCaprio and he painted the Sistine Chapel right I'm with you. So when Leonardo da Vinci painted the 16th chapel, what what you see there is not the work of one man he did army of people yeah. He must have had at least 15 guys helping him paint this. What you're, seeing with all of a tree project, it's a team of 45 people that are all working extremely hard. It allows me to be basically a giant baby, I haven't driven for a year and a half I haven't cooked a meal for two and a half years and I don't pay bills, I, don't sign anything. I have a team of people who just signed my signatures for me. So that's great I'm, basically, just a giant baby, that's great! Just sitting around making art! Well, that's the well! You know that's your bread and butter. You have to enable yourself the less the the more time you spend not doing that. The worse you know, 100% I mean I. We find that it also comes at a certain cost like in what sense do you feel like you? Don't have your privacy or um? Well, okay, let's say this: I haven't lived anywhere from last year: I live in hotels, things like sometimes I'm sleeping on the couch, it's always different, but it's like I get home from my recording session at 5 in the morning. What kind of you think I really care about what I'm sleeping on you know what I mean like I'm about to go to sleep for a couple hours, wake up and do it all over again so kind of in this kind of make it or break it phase where it's like. If I go hard now, it's it's easy I'll be able to totally ride it out. But if I don't it's like you know, you don't have any regrets. Yeah I mean it's really just the kind of thing where I have a moment here to prove myself and if I don't go with it all the way then I've wasted the last 10 years of my life mm-hmm go big or go home baby, it's as simple as that. That's it you're in the hustle you're in the grind man I sleep, I sleep like three hours, a night you're ready to have a baby yeah we're on the same sleep, spit, bro, I, truly think and I'm and I'm gonna say this now, from the heart from a genuine place and I want everyone listening to take to open their ears, I think you're. Gonna I think you're gonna go big I think you already did well, you are big, hasn't even started, yet we haven't even dropped an album we're in the middle of the diggity. Oh, why you have achieved so far. Thank you. I know, I, know you're, feeling bad about how this video came out, but the fact that as 20 million views and age-restricted is kind of like that is Crane [ __ ] crowd, I appreciate that but I'm on a label and I'm competing against artists that have a billy in place. So this is a [ __, ] joke - yeah. You know what I mean, so we can't be celebrating just yet. Let's not start sucking, let's not jinx it, okay, no, but I, but let okay, let's not! Let's not and I'm dead expectations, but I will say this I think you're, a talent, I think you're, unique I. Think you have a unique voice. I think you're, a talented musician you've got a vision of vision, you're willing to put in the work you are willing to get it done at any cost. You are willing to sleep on the couch. You are willing to crucify yourself on a giant scooter, I mean what else can you say about the the lad right? Well, man thing I mean you know we're working on building the world's biggest scooter right now, good I've been talking with engineers for the last seven months. We have a bunch of different people that have put together. Basically, a range of them starts around 600,000 and they come down the bottom tiers around 200,000, but we're trying to build the world's biggest scooter right now, I'm telling them no we're not selling them. Are you trying to beeline to 600,000 well I'm, saying there's a range of trying to get nice cheap? You know what's the cheapest and so the cheapest. We can make this world's biggest scooter. This is gonna, be like $200,000 harpists. So if there's anybody watching this, who wants to help start a crowdfunding page I think we could probably get the money together to build the world's biggest scooter together. So where did where do you ride that thing? Probably a racetrack that'll be fast, quick, yeah, but I'm actually seriously working on it. Oh thank you. So much. Oh wait so let's go over beanie etiquette, real, quick yeah, so you want the sticker on the side. Okay, sticker on the side, duly noted, yeah there now you're looking fresh, you want to pull it up. A little more I mean that's spicy hot. That's like that's like a straight-up, thumbtack bro, so you're, saying I, look good, I'm! Really good! Thank you! Bro! Let's watch another music value have another one. That's like totally off the rails in a good way. -, although that that last music video hurt you say, is about an epic scooter crash yeah, it's about a scooter crash that nearly took my life and I thought. You were goofing around. That's from the genius interview right, but then I saw on Twitter. You had the. How do you say receipts right for anyone who thought I was lying when I said my song hurt was about breaking both my wrist and thumbs in a screw crash. [ __ ] you! This was the worst summer of my life. It was [ __, ] up ham bro. What happened? How do you go? How do you get that damage from a scooter crash, so I used to compete professionally and scooter raises no, it's scooter freestyle. So thanks so I did every action. Sport in the book I grew up, motorcycling, bmxing downhill racing, but a middle school I really started focusing in on scootering in 2009, when I was 16, I signed with the Junior syndicate team, so I got on a scooter team and I was competing nationally around the country and basically, this day was I was 18 years old. So this is like this is the end. This was the last competition I ever did but I'm rolling in on this 20 foot rolling, come in and semi final run and I've know where this little [ __ ] pebble, shows up I hit this I go flying break both my wrist break, my thumb, you know the whole nine I have a gnarly concussion too they're like that was the worst part, because lamb do your head on it. I hit my head super hard, I, don't even remember where I was, and so that part was dangerous, because if you hit your head hard enough- and you know- I've hit my head a lot of times because I've been doing the action sports for a while. So the damage can be like not good, yeah unrepairable yeah, not good, so I'm in the hospital I get metal rod through my hand the entire summer and my girlfriend took care of me and fed me wiped. My ass did the whole [ __ ] thing I was just I was a mess and after that I was like I. Don't think this is a safe line of work for me, like I, don't think this is something that I'm gonna have longevity, so I started switching over to a different field and I started. Writing some music at that time and I've always made music growing up. But this at that time, I started just writing about the experience and I started. Making a couple tracks and those songs were the ones that got me signed with Atlantic Wow yeah. So it's crazy because I mean it sounds. Cheesy, but it's definitely I would say divine intervention. It's basically like you know. Well, my life's path has been like changed because of this one crash. How did you end up? Choosing scooter among all the other extreme sports right I mean I, did every single one like, for example, you saw the alien boy video with the monster truck, so I spent six months at the Paris Auto Speedway learning how to jump. This thing I actually got to drive this on a weekly basis, and this guide only let two people drive his car me and Jay Leno, like it's the kind of thing where these engines they blow out $400 and $400,000 engine, and if the engine blows there's no like. Oh, you can return the engine, it's just you're, [, __ ]. You used it for hundred grand, so they don't. Let people ride him around. It's not the kind of thing you ride around town. You can only really ride him at tracks and limited amount. It's more about the jumps, so I learned how to jump but always done every type of action. Sport I think the scooter just fit well. Cuz I seen I was like nobody's, nobody's riding the scooter. What's that about and I'm like you know what, if I got I'm on the other things, I'd be [, __, ] dope, you know it would look crazy through the scooter ties into the ties into the music sick, dude. It really does I mean and when I see you ripping crazy tricks on the scooter, I almost don't even believe it's real. Thank you. It's surreal! Thank you. I appreciate that, because the thing is like at the end of the day when it comes down to is packaging everything you have to offer, and so what I've done with this project is just put together all right. Sorry, but does that I disrespect? What was it? I was trying I'm just checking cuz I'm, not sure about, wasn't well I I went you know when I, when I found out that you were a serious scooter or I look a search I did I was like. Is that a I almost didn't I mean no offense, but I never heard such a thing right. It's all good! It's pretty underground yeah! It's definitely like pretty underground cuz when I think of razors razor scare, the [ __ ]. Out of me. These things do not hit your shin you're done. Oh yeah I've had some. You should see this. Some of my my ankles just puff up when this thing will hit me on miss tell it's so painful black and blue the whole nine. Have you ever taken any other serious injuries. Besides, oh I've, taken many did I broken eight bones, so mountain biking, motorcycling I've, broken this wrist three times broken the humerus even broke my femur at one point I've taken quite a few spills. Are you still act? Every soul, yeah I still scooter all the time, but I don't compete anymore. It's just for fun, yeah and I'm. Just doing like nothing, not not really the bigger tricks, I just kind of keep it more low-key and and try to make it so it's nothing. That's gonna potentially endanger, or you know, mess up everything. Everyone heart, music, I, don't want to take any serious injuries yeah, but I was looking. I was blown away by these. These guys are incredible. Dude I mean look at these guys, a true athlete on these razors. This is a great video actually instituted since said. Well, that's thirteen million view of those like yeah. There's one trick here: yeah this I love. This part someone actually made an edit of this music video with my face on it for all the different really yeah I should try to pull it up that somebody one see there was one trick here that totally [ __ ] blew my mind here. Yeah, let's see, maybe that's not it! That was pretty dumb. So were you doing these kind of trick I can do this is all pretty fairly rudimentary. So what about that? One? That is definitely complex, but it looked like if I'm not mistaken, a flare, tripletail up and I can definitely leave. Are you doing a flare tripletail up, I I haven't done a quadruple, but there was a couple of occasions where I was able to do a triple mostly I. Try to just keep it low-key less spinning. Now you almost did a double back fakie the name sound like you're, making them up no yeah, but I, guess they're real I mean that's what I mean I was clean, yeah, the skater ones are pretty phony too. You know yeah it sound like they're made up, but there you have it yeah, your your your got it like a very proactive personality, you're very mean by that well I mean like at a young age, you're competing very aggressively right and I. Think I pulled. Some of them were additive nature into what I'm doing musically definite, because I grew up just constantly racing different bikes. Doing these different freestyle competition very hungry, though like yeah I, want more I, think I'm a very I think by nature lazy person. But when I hear your story, it's incredible that you were so competitive and so skilled at that age and then immediately already segue right into music and you're already making music my whole life that wasn't like it just came out of nowhere. You're doing so much and you're very good at a lot of things. I think read about thing. Well, I'm. The kind of person who's just ah you know, as the human condition just feels like it's, never enough, like no matter how much we accomplish how much it's just like, alright, like I'm, not even close, and when you actually accomplish your dreams. It ends up feeling like this is just a day job now you know and then your your, what your other passions become, your real dreams, and so, like me, being a musician is no longer like a dream. It's just like that's my day. Job grab do all this radio promotion and all this [ __ ] I, don't want to have to do that makes it feel like this is a day job. So then you start dreaming you're like well. The grass is always greener on the I want more like I want to be a filmic I want to make the best movies ever made, and so it's the kind of thing. Where is that you're dreaming about now? That's where I'm trying to go, and that's why I'd chose to put so much money into the marketing budgets. My music videos is because, as an unknown filmmaker who the [ __ ] is gonna, give me a million dollars to make it two and a half minute video for sure. Maybe one reason why that should even ever happen. No, no and I found this one basic thing. That is like a cheat code and I'm kind of exploiting it going like using one key from one castle to open up another castle and as the artist it makes sense for me to be spending videos, and it makes sense for me to be directing them to get the most pure, authentic vision that isn't just someone else's idea of what this world is. So in 10 years from now, you want to be making full-feature yeah I'm already writing feature films, I'm working on a few different things, but you have to write like six of them before you're gonna make one of ours and I've been trying to make an animated TV show for two and a half years and I'm pretty sure it just failed. I, don't know we we already pitched it yeah doesn't look good. How do you grow you just suck in what happens is at the the level that I've recently got to is that your team has to be super efficient, super good, organizing and what you do is you just organize it all in and I can do a week's worth of work in one day like do you run out and do one thing and then just hit five, do six? You have a nice schedule. You schedule your day. We do it very tight, every basically from the second I. Wake up to the second I go to sleep. I am working. When do you wake up I wake up. It varies like, for example, I was just doing sessions that I would stay up till 5:00 in the morning. So last night I didn't have the session, so I got to go to bed. I had to go to bed earlier, so I could wake up today for this, but normally it's anywhere from eight o'clock to one in the morning, one or one p.m. 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 1:00 p.m. and then the end of the day start taking a little coffee at 5:00 p.m. you know, and then all of a sudden, it's 5:00 in the morning and you're still in the studio. You know that's the kind of thing, so you have a it seems like you, you're, relying your team law. Do you ever have to discipline them like? How do you know it's bad, but I mean like they get out of line sometimes, and but the truth is you can't get physical with them right. That's illegal, that's illegal, but what you can do is like I, just trick them into doing all sorts of [ __ ] that I don't even need just to [ __ ] with them like do I. Had him get this whole night, 600 balloons I'm like yo. We need balloons for this little party. There's me, meanwhile, there's no party there's nothing. They just get all this [ __ ], but that's gotta test them, that's a test. You got to keep them on and that's also how you make sure you know you have people that are loyal around you. That's how I know they're legit they're, not you know. If I ask for the six hundred balloons, there's no questions. They're gonna deliver right, that's a test! That's a loyalty test! Ian! We need six hundred balloons bro, let's [ __ ]. Tomorrow morning, right. Yes, sir, we having a party [, __, ], can't say [, __, ]. Sorry, you got this wrong. Maybe I explained it tell me again so important to value your workers right, like these guys, wait what yeah they're workers, Oh value of degree through mail I, try I try to let them feel like they're valued, even if that may or may not be the case and I'll often just be like. You know the power of just saying our page. Instead of my page, you know, like I, always said: I, wouldn't [ __ ] with them. It's definitely my page, but it's like dude. This is our page. We got to get the [ __ ] video, our video up. Meanwhile I'm just like you know, you know I, just [, __ ] with them all the time to like we will all have a make like edit, together, like a half-hour documentary and I'll, be like yeah. Let's cut that down to like two minutes: yeah you gotta take people on your toast. You hear that again, you don't think you have it bad come on. Give me a break, discusses these guys on this [ __ ]. Wait what we're gonna say this guys to what what it? What just make me say, what can I get? One second yeah sure that might be graphic I think a little got out. You're right I mean nothing could top the first time, so we're good you guys, aren't gonna show that right, oh yeah, it's fun! Definitely we can cut out some of this stuff. No host right, no way live. Baby you're, joking you're, [, __ ] with me. Well, we used no we're not we're not eating Dan, let's watch another video cool. Tell me with it. Uh tell me about this video here. This is the other one that really struck stuck out to me. This was the all that yep. Now, where did you get I? Usually we keep the sound on when we're showing the video yeah. We do things a little different here. Beige we bought guts. So wait. Are we gonna, be pausing it every 5 seconds or how does this okay? So, let's, let's um, you know what I'm gonna do for you I've never done this. This is epic. I can't wait to see this cuz I've never seen it. I have never done this, but here's world's bird I'm gonna play it and I'm gonna lay down on the couch. Are you serious you're not gonna, be watching you you're gonna monitor action, no I'm gonna fail. You could lay both ways on a couch bro um, but this is the best for everybody we're just gonna. Let it play cool you guys, you're, not gonna, say anything. I'm not gonna. I could talk afterwards for like six seven minutes straight seven hours. Oh yeah, we're gonna play the full documentary as well. Yeah, I, won't say anything so here we go for real screen. That [ __ ] I swear to god. I'll pause it. If I'm here we've got a full screen. This I don't know what the program is here, but we need to get Wow he's just desizing, that's on purpose: okay, [Music], just so people know that was actually me. Jumping [Music], [Music] [Music] Susie is the best part [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] from a hundred miles away, but I still make it work, but it's overrated and somehow played out [Music]. Thank you. Thank you. Did you step on my sister's painting? That was a really beautiful production, and thank you appreciate that. So that was another big one. You probably spent a couple clams on that one. A spent some time on that that [ __ ], it's crazy. Those first two videos, I I, was spending so much money on the videos that could only make one a year. So that's why it's like I can't afford to make videos like that anywhere. I have to kind of scale it down a little bit but I'm working on a couple: videos right now and and I'm trying to bring back the bigger budgets. Yeah I've been fighting with the label I'm in the process of fighting them for an album date. They keep pushing it back and every day me, why did they move it back? I hear that from yeah the artist? Why do they do that? I have no idea, it's ready for you, you're ready! Oh I'm, ready and they're pushing it back. That's so strange this day you know I, think they're, just the edge of their seats. You know. Oh, they know what they're doing watching this car wreck waiting to happen. I guess they know what they're doing, though, we'll see dude we're about to see. Yeah we'll see, but yeah I mean at this point there's a love/hate relationship with the label. You know you really. You got a fight head to head yeah, but you know these people. They believe in what I do so I'm very honored to found yeah, because that you know I've been on other labels. I was in a really bad situation, with the old deal that I couldn't release. Music and I couldn't release music for like four years so I don't know if your information found that out, but I was on the hiatus. Did you figure? Did you know that yeah he says? No, you didn't know that the [ __ ] is going on here. I told you I was a fan of your research. You don't make me take that back so huh. So tell me about that. How what does a bad relationship with a label? Look like I'm not allowed to talk about it too much because I've signed paperwork. What can you say, but I can say it's just the kind of thing of being shelf to put onto a shelf whoa. You basically just make music that doesn't ever see the light of day and you kind of go crazy. So when I or when I did my next I was like set it up so that if, if the label doesn't want to release it, I can still put the [ __ ] out myself and Warner Brothers will still distribute it so for a much smaller percentage, but they will see you. No one can tell me what I can or can't put out and that's I'm in a place of power with create now there's nobody who say you have to do this or you can't do that. I'm, like Oh dila, you can be working on songs and they would just I've made going I have like 15 albums I've made like so much music and 90% of an artist music will never come out concede, and so that's that music is still owned by your previous label. No I was able to set it up and buy back the rights and everything. But it's crazy I mean to not be able to release your own art yeah. It seems crazy and then, when you really work at the label, though I mean you wouldn't want to like be releasing music without the label. The whole point is you're like partnered up with them, so if you're already being owned by them, it's like you might as well have the funding to do what you want. So I just don't understand what they have the game by not releasing you know they were just letting me develop. It was a development thing because when I was 18, this is a very long time ago and I was able to find go through. You got to get it out of your system and just spend time and I've made at least upwards of almost a thousand songs. Probably so you think there was some wisdom in their decision. There was a little bit, but the thing was that if you are gonna just hold me back from reaching my potentials and I'm, just gonna shut the doors and then close in you know: I have to figure out another solution, so I had to go back to school and tried to recalibrate things and I started over from scratch. I had other projects in the past and you just got to start over and build from the ground floor up again. Let me ask you how many of those jackets you know what kind of smell it yeah cuz come over here and smell. My armpit, you gotta smell this, no I swear to god. There's only one smell the pit no get in the pit. Yeah did I did I, literally just no smell inside the armpit yeah, so I didn't put on deodorant, for you specifically I hope you don't smell it from there. But do you really only have one of those, but how do you take sort of care of it? Don't you get all crazy? It's really quality where'd you get that. What's the brand I took this from my mom's closet. This is something I would wear when I was eight or nine I would go skiing with this thing and she wasn't using it so I said [ __ ] it I'm just gonna. Take this and I think I'm getting a lot more use out. If it's a special I mean it's you've gotten the mileage out of that yeah. This thing is: Zach will use only one Ella spit, usually anything for the show right, yeah, I'll smile, oh yeah, is that kidding here in smells pet? Would you alright is this mess? This is ice. A loyalty test is how we know how legit this is man. Let's get you in here. Quick. Okay, here comes Zach here he comes so apparently, okay zach is now destroying our so Zach. Our sound guy welcome Zach, he's, shreds on the guitar he's a great ed go ahead and sniff Oliver spit how's it going get in there, nice and deep, now, Zach. Thank you yep cheesy does it feel like a smell? That's been there for a minute, like that's like a historic smell yeah, a little mussed, yeah I haven't more deodorant for about three weeks. Just for this interview, I've been building it up. Good work, Zack I wanted to make sure yeah. Thank you for testing that appreciate you anything for the show. You see that hand take note. Yeah he's moving up. Dude zach is gonna, replace me in like two F's no time you know next time, I'll be coming and bringing in gifts for him. Finally, there's two other things we are at. The bottom of the show. I have two things: I want to ask you about: one is: is the haircut real? Are you serious right now? Is that a real bowl cut, bro I, don't like getting into this? This is something that I specifically said: I don't want to talk about. That's why I asked you because I like to hit hard I like to I. Take I. Ask the question you invite me to your podcast and you disrespect me, my hair. You read a real book I've. What's the problem, it's not a real bull cut. Then. What's what's for the issue? There's no issue here. I, just don't like people asking about my personal life, your hair, bro. Everyone can see dude! You really want to see this [ __, ], yeah man, yeah sure! Please, let's see it, we've been dying to know. No, it's not my real [ __ ] here you think I'd have some dumbass haircut like that. This is all for show biz really yeah. Can we see a real hair, dome, I'm curious. Take it off. Let's take a look. You've got a really cool password that yeah we're the hey. It looks like you have little hairs. You know coming in looks slick bro. What the [ __ ]. Are you saying you've got a little skullcap with hairs like pokey hairs am I crazy. Do you know what I'm talking about Neela, okay I know he's doing a bit but I'm not doing a [ __ ] [ __, ] dude. This is my life. We're talking about this? Isn't a [ __ ] another one of your live podcast jokes! So this is my livelihood. So why are you wearing a wig right now, I may or may not have bleached the hair blonde and I'm doing another. Look so you're covered, so you had a bulk up previously. Yes, and that's your I came here to talk about I, wanted to set the [ __ ] record straight. Yes, I changed the hair yeah, but you guys aren't going to see the full reveal. Yet that comes later. How much later? Let me see it. You know what seeing [ __ ]. This is as much as you're about to see clean up all right, oh I didn't want to ask you. You know you tweeted out when you announced your tour over at Oliver, Tree music.com get tickets a bit quickly right right that this is your last tour yeah then Oliver tree is gonna die or something? No! No! No he's nothing like that, it's just! But why is this your last tour? What does that mean? Oh, it's just I spent the last year living in hotels, traveling out of a suitcase and to be honest with you, [ __ ] sucks, yeah I didn't get into making music to go, promote this [ __ ] and travel non-stop, just playing for one hour a day. You end up being on air planes, buses green rooms sitting in a hotel for the bulk of your existence. It's not how I want to spend my life, so at the end of the day, I have to make some decisions about what I want to do with my time here and I. Don't want to waste my time traveling around the world playing shows when I can't even have time to make art. That's why I was born on this planet to have actually a creative lifestyle and I don't feel like I can do that, while I'm constantly on the road promoting this [, __, ] and doing interviews and [ __ ] like this like stuff like this, is a prime example yeah, so you're, basically you're gonna not do tours, but you're gonna. It's gonna, give you more time to it's. Gonna, give me more time to make more videos, films and focus on Latinos, yeah and I'm I'm in the process of making. Arguably the craziest debut album an artist did have a release so I'm in the process of working on that I will not fail to deliver that good I've been working on it for 10 years wow. This is, you know, 15 albums. This is my greatest hits album. This is me picking all the best [ __ ] and no and that's the craziest part. Is that that's what it is to be an artist you just make and make it making what the general public sees 5% of it. So people don't know [ __ ]. They don't know about the other projects. I had in between you know it's just this kind of thing: do you have a tentative release date? That's the thing! Then the label keeps pushing back on it. They keep saying three more months six more months, and here we are two years after the fact they told me. I had to just do one EP at first and now, they're saying maybe another EP and I'm, just like dude what the [ __ ] is going on here. So I'm fighting. My lawyer is fighting with them every single day we're working on it, we're trying to get a date for the album, I'm, sorry to everybody. We can't get the album out sooner, but we're working, hard, I think it's going to be a worth the way, god bless and I have one final question or a fan favorite. What is Evernote when you get someone like this in the studio, so you got to ask: have you ever had a paranormal experience with ghosts? Ufos aliens? Have you ever had a paranormal experience? It's not something that I've shared with very many people, just a couple close friends right, but when I was 8 years old I saw ghosts at my grandmother's house. She has this room, that's filled with like all these horse like was it some kind of horse Pony type toys that are on the walls and I was sleeping one night I'm sitting in there and I hear this voice laughing I look over to me and there's this I don't want to say it's just the shape of an outline. I can't really see I couldn't like I, couldn't really make out what it was exactly, but I've seen this ghost and 6 years later, when I went back to her house, I saw the same ghost and then I found out. She said that my grandpa apparently haunted the place and so I'm not sure. If because my grandpa died before I was born, so I'm not sure if, if it was trying to connect with me- or maybe it was one of my cousins trying to [ __ ] with me- I, don't know, but, like you'd, think six years later, I'd be able to tell like I'm a grown-ass man by then. What what did it look like it's kind of like a round kind of around orifice. You could see the aura that's kind of the best way I could put it. You could see this aura and I was kind of taken back. I was like. Is that clear ball? You said it wow that sounds emotional yeah, [ __ ] up. That was the first time. I met my grandpa yeah, so well. Thank you for sharing that I know that that's a better story here and I'm really grateful to be here big fan of what you guys do. Thank you, I haven't considered doing any podcast. This was the one place I felt like I could actually come and be able to feel at home and be you know with the right people, and you guys are incredible things: I love what you do. Thank you. So much fans will be following closely. Can't wait for the album can't wait for every video all of our tree guys. You know what time it is you hurry here, shake the hand to another to a fellow vape, God I, bow. Think now you and I won one more time, guys Oliver tree music.com catch this man on his last tour. This is it 80% sold out so get those fricking tickets while they're up? Let's do it hurt, go look up, but you have to specifically type hurt Oliver tree because those [ __ ] are not helping. You can't find it can't find the [ __ ], you sign my glasses. Oh sorry, my glasses bro holy [, __ ] wait. Can we keep these? Definitely not we're gonna need to get back all the gifts. Alright, guys. Thank you for watching. So what's happening, he's packing everything up. Right I mean I, don't know what you would need that back boys. It's literally a portrait of me and my he's packing up he's grabbing the baby stuff and I'm, not really sure what you're gonna hang that up or you gonna. You can't really read if that, thanks for having me on the shows dope and hope to come back sometime and talk more about it, okay, Oliver tree everyone we have next to on Tuesday. We have Chris D'elia joining us, the cameras to the right yeah. There you go. Oh you got it bite me already, the Hollywood strip, so there you heard it uh, crying Chris, D'elia and Oliver tree. Have beef apparently and we'll have to resolve that about not so Tuesday we'll see you then, and then Friday we're having another show, so it's ashli podcast all day every day. You know what you know. You know what it is. This is yours, truly Oh, Jay Simpson here what up Twitter world this Vigi spinners smooth? Well, that was a lot of fun. Thank you guys. Once again, we'll see you on on Tuesday have a blessed weekend and uh god frickin. Thank you, I cap, so bad at any of these partners. You know how do I end this, you just say, have fun. On the weekend. I said that okay um thanks for watching I, said that big, big pimps yeah. We should end on that. Okay, it's for the world. This is yours, truly see you on Tuesday thanks Dan Kelly, [Music], [Music], [Applause], [Music],.