Ian come on. Let's pick it up in Lacroix. Did you clean the top clean the top Ian hurry? No wash it with the water and paper towel it down in the crevices. My emergencies are, on the end, all right baby, let's ride, okay, so it's pretty big but with a skilled driver I think he Andy ready keep an eye, don't be on your phone Abed. This is life and death. Here we go it's up to ten. It's up to ten. Oh, we get a little wobbly, [Laughter] yeah, that's delivering mail in style. Can you try to make a delivery? Let's see, okay, great we're, gonna get it we're gonna make a mail delivery here in the Gatsby, ripping fast till not wasting any time I'm delivering the mail. Yeah I love that first ever. Thank you so much you could yeah do your! You could finish your road, [Laughter] [Music]. Pardon me good [Music], [Music], [Applause] [Laughter], the Gatsby [ __ ] rules, whoa Johnny! It was out. Let's assess the damage, shall we? Let's see I mean we did some clean I mean, but overall I think we're in pretty good shape. Considering we took something really took it pretty bad, but this thing's still running like a beauty, I think we're in good shape. I mean overall, considering the did. We [ __ ], our dork, not really not really guys, I think that was a clean. Think. That's good I think that GATS I think we're in I need to get out of the way. Well better. It hits you welcome everybody. Yes well welcome one and all to the h3 podcast Gatsby experience. It has been a long time coming, my friends, but this sweet dream ride has arrived and I think it's safe to say that nothing will ever be the same. I can on this on this hair show. Thank you to Netflix for sponsoring us today. Bill burrs new comedy special paper tiger is available to day just came out today, September 10th on Netflix available for streaming now. Also, thank you to stitch fix for sponsoring us now, as you may notice, ela is not with me right now. Frankly, we had a a bad fight yesterday and frankly I just it was really. It was the worst fight we've ever had and I. Don't really want to get too much into that I! Don't want to alarm anybody. I can talk more about it later, but I just I. Don't want to spoil this beautiful moment that we had with the Gatsby which has finally graced us, and it's been just been such a pleasure. It's been such a joy and I just look forward to all the goofs ahead with the Gatsby so Dan. What the [ __ ] Dan's, trying to take the Gatsby up Dan. You could just leave it there. What's going on. Oh, he can't close the door. Okay, Dan's, trying to take the gas back he's, not a skilled skilled of a of a driver as yours. Truly all right, Dan has successfully cleared the door. You almost took out the cameras. I almost took out the cameras there. The funny thing about the Gatsby is that we're gonna highlight the features next week because we have a guest on Friday, but we're gonna. We're gonna show you all the featuring ago. The close-up we're gonna show you the Gatsby X, with the pneumatic wheels we're talking about up to 10 miles per hour, but that thing feels like it rips way harder than that. We're gonna show you what this thing is capable of, but I'm just I'm, very glad and happy that it's here. So that's really exciting. Now up today, we are just taste tests that we've long promised we are going to be tasting little seizures, Papa, Jonathan's, Pizza, Hut and Domino's. The big four and we're gonna be we're gonna, be judging them on all metrics possible, find out. What's the best pizza we got, we have the bachelor follow up we're in we're. Gonna have a rose ceremony. We have five applicants who have submitted videos. Ian is going to be presenting a roast. So just two of them: three girls will go home with their hearts, broken to pieces, and we've got so much more, so much more fun fun times ahead of us. So let's get ahead. I don't want to get a food poisoning like I did with all of our previous we've done. Two previous food taste tests and I feel like I've, got food poisoning both of those times so I mean obviously Pete. It's just a cheese pizza. So it's not exactly like Arby's roasted beef, which is already give it at a risk of food poisoning. Once you let that thing sit out boy, no good, but anyway, I. Don't want wait too long. So let's do the pizza taste test. We've got here's the different metrics we've got delivery time, dough, sauce, cheese, happiness, value overall experience and the diarrhoea of fat, the diarrhoea factor, of course, which we will be reporting on later, so it's kind of what the heavy heart that I have to do this without ela, because it kind of always made the Oh you're here. Why are you in the CEO outfit you like wearing it today, um you've been served. Are you talking about? Where is this legal papers? Why are you smiling I shouldn't smile? Really, it's pretty serious either. Why are you smiling right now? Is this a joke? You come out here after all of a fight, and you can see I'm served yeah I, you know I own, a business now and I'm, an independent woman and I. Don't need no man, we own a business. Well, yes, but you have been doing all these taste tests lately quest for divorce yeah. What is this? Are you serious yeah we had one fight ago, like I, have a couple of taste tests. You want a divorce, you should read it on September 10th, mr. Ethan Klein ordered five pizzas under the guise of a taste test. He ate it despite knowing that divorce was pending you're talking about this yeah, it's a little bit in the future, but it's part of the show I'm doing. How could you say that I'm doing it for under the guise of a taste of this, is a good segment. People like watching me eat food dude, they know I, don't know. Are they just being polite on August 27th, Ethan engaged in consuming two chick-fil-a sandwiches and two Popeyes sandwiches, two of which were labeled as spicy and sat out for hours before consumption? The result was a disastrous diarrhea that caused pain and suffering to plaintiff, mrs. Ella Klein in the form of smell of the toilet bowl being painted like a Jackson Pollock. The lawyer that we do together I gave them the information and they put in the language on a on out of August 23rd Ethan consumed three pounds of Arby's roast beef, that's I think probably an exaggeration three pounds. We got it all on camera, three pounds of RV roast beef and subsequently had three days of diarrhea. Well, that's not an exaggeration all under the guise of a taste test. I, don't know why you keep saying guys have a taste does this people are watch? This is part of the show you let me, how can you put a says you take a bite and you're done. You take a bite. You give you a review. Look at all this! You move on freakin kidding me! You want me to you, need me to you, need you were gonna, throw it everything we've done. This is just your. This is just everything you ate in the last 30 days in consideration of this ela Klein. Formally requested a vorse effective, immediately I'm, not signing that [ __ ], so which one is this. This is little seizures. What kind of a taste test is it you're just eating it? I just got some of them being such divorce papers. Yeah I'm, gonna, [, __ ] eat some. Please without you want you with me. Don't since we're getting divorce, might as well taste out I'm thinking buy it grab a little seizures all right here we go. That was a good bet for anyone who were you at home. We are not getting divorced and we just rolled the [ __ ] out right here. Ah well, you know you still love me, don't ya! So actually we are doing a taste test. He's really important content for us. The guys in back all have slices I, don't like it and so Little Caesars. First of all, worth noting is Apple. They don't deliver. Cuz the [ __ ] is so cheap. Hmm, the pizza itself cost like 850 I shouldn't eat them, I thought well, I, don't have the information sucks to be you. Maybe I forgot a good boy. Let us are you like it's like eight fifty for a cheese pizza, so the value is there. They don't deliver so at the post, negative twenty two bucks, but if you're on foot little seizures or fight for 850, not bad, what do you think of the dough, the sauce, the cheese, the heaviness, the overall experience and the diarrhea factor? I? Don't like the flavor of the tomato sauce? It feels cheap, I, think the kind that I don't like it does feel cheap mega doodoo and it does seem it seems like has a high diarrhea factor. Yeah look I would expect to have a a big. What was it? Was it a DD mega duty from this dd- um? So wait. Do you? Do you say that overall you don't like it? No I didn't like it at all. Okay can I. Have that? Okay, can you hand me the press? Please come on now the whole pie goes. You got a lot more pizza, yeah save some room, there's room, you guys! Think of the seizure. Yeah I mean what you said is pretty accurate. It's you got bang for your buck. It's alright! I think the Sun it tastes like um, like the marinara sauce they give you with like mozzarella sticks like Oh mm-hmm. It tastes like cafeteria pizza, yeah, yeah, like what you will get at school. In fact, they probably buy little seizures. It's probably cost effective for them. Zach loves it right, yeah, I, hate the whole thing all right, Ian, any thoughts you guys all have slices I mean come on chime in what do I got a bag, but it's too thin. It's very lightweight. There's not a lot of you know. 850 they used to be 5. Bucks yeah see that might be too much information. I, don't think, but at the point that you're paying 850 you might as well get like a quality pie and with I mean post mates is unfair honestly to read it, but as 20 was the base price right, 850 was was. If you went in there and paid that's before taxi you're, walking out that pizza with ten bucks, dude, hmm, not worth it so I, don't know it's a little sweet -. It is yeah. Now, as you guys know, I'm a fan of Papa Papa's. Always in the house for me, but today they threw us a curveball. You know Papa John's the total, including delivery, the delivery fees, five bucks, the pizza was 16. It came out to a total of 23 bucks with tax and everything. Okay at the door. Pizza. Look at this [ __ ] I mean you guys, know: I've ordered a lot of pizzas. In my life they didn't slice it. They literally sent us an unlicensed. Have you ever seen something cool drop? The ball on this? What happened? Is they got rid of Papa yeah what'd, you get so what happened with Shaq's in charge for Shaq? This is one slice I. Why do we need to cut it? Let's do a taste test. This is [Laughter], so much press. Now our people really enjoying this or are they over it? They say they do they're. Probably thinking like what okay, we got it like. Why another one already pizza say they like it. Yeah I thought you didn't read comments -! Oh you know, I've reported I'm I saw that they got lots of. You see, look hmm, there's a huge area watching them to like it. Cheers oh hi, I'm Zack come pick up his license very butter clicking the mouse and Papa's in the house. Papa John was alive today he would be rolling in his grave alive if it wasn't alive and then this one, what a great show now that's a serving okay guys, everyone enjoy take a bite experience will pop has to offer I have to tell you you're, really pushing it. Ethan I, don't like divorce me! Well, I am trying I. Dare you to find divorce? A divorce judge in this frickin country will accept that. Oh he eats too much. Does it divorce? Okay, he eats too much [ __ ], the drunk the pizza toss in our entertainment, job divorce denied well say: can I divorce. It judge for she'd have sex with me. Why cuz you like I want to divorce, but that's funny I, like the idea that you can force people to stay together like danaiah, and you must sleep with them once a month to consummate the marriage. Yeah I know she's not tasting a pizza. I took a bite. What did you think so it's better than little seizures, but it's not that good. It's too sweet. It's tube, ready, it's very sweet. It's not good I'm, usually I'm big on Papa, but I, don't like it. There's no [ __ ] slices, dude I've. Never ever seen this before ever when -, what's dead, guys's review, yeah I, don't find this to be see, that's John's. They bring up the garlic sauce. I've, never had the garlic sauce. Oh [, __ ] got me moving a little sub-sect. You can't see her face boat. Hmm! This one's got me moving a little bit. Who knew that once you melt butter on something it's got me walking out of here walking out of your life. Do you got any mail? Okay, you [ __ ] up somebody bring me napkins, oh yeah, I kind of feel like there's two ethan's and if, like now, everyone gets to see this is the thing I got fast: food enthused, Ethan! Yes, you know and I need interesting. You like it. Like brings you alive. You get energy you're like me, you're dancing like if I say we're gonna get pizza tonight all the science like the best day ever I'm doing breakdancing I'm doing the worm across the house and chef. It is it's [, __, ] up. You know why it is I. Think it's like my parents didn't take care of me as a kid and when they cooked, which was rare, it was just awful I. Didn't he out starve. It was that bad, like my dad, would buy like the [ __ ] on sale steak. That was three days expired and, like I mean it's inedible, also what they cooked my dad's favorite dish to make is burnt. Onion pasta. Remember he made that recently I've heard about it I ever he burns Ryan's and then just flavors the pasta with burnt onions and butter. It is you, cannot it's it's a horrid, so so the best days to me was when I got to eat food because they would order a pizza or bring home fast food cuz I was like oh I, actually like the taste of this and so I think it calls back some kind of, but don't you feel like now, you would be kind of against it. I hate I! Don't you when I like rebel against? Well, clearly, not clearly, that's not the case, but that's what's so special about a podcast. This is Who. I am as a person and if you think, I'm not gonna go back and take another bite of that butter sauce and you don't [ __ ] know me: you got two more pizzas, though okay I'll get to those yeah. Well, I, don't I thought I was honestly sorely disappointed with the John's and I'm, not even there I'm, not even including the lack of [ __ ] sly slices mega dudu. We should call and complain, I mean that's ridiculous. I spent 22 [ __ ] hard-earned dollars on that. You know all right. So next up, we've got classic classic classic as a guest, Domon hoes you see what I did there mmm-hmm dominoes dominoes actually is the most expensive. Just came out to 31 box eye mask and ain't cheap, hmm Ethan, the the pieces that you broke off for us. One of them has a giant bite taken out of it was that you know. Wasn't me: why would I do that single Zilla? Probably it's the lawyer. The lawyers sneaking around taking bites yeah he's back here. So a grant to this piece is not fresh yeah, but Pizza connoisseur. Like me, I can tell this. Could of the three we've tasted. It's probably my favorite, mm-hmm I think it's got a good balance of cheese and sauce and bribe. It's got a rich. It's got a rich full flavor yeah, but most expensive 31 bucks for a large pie, cheese, that's a little pricey! So there's a technicality there. They had a minimum delivery amount. Oh hi everybody. So we had to get cheese. Sticks too, which is a [ __ ] stupid, so was about the same price, but you had to order more than just I. Had a bite, Nathan Dan was eating the LA, so I was like Dan you, [ __ ] stop right now give me half. There was rage and your house that bro excuse me the qi6 were better than the pie. Those chicks are unbelievable. Those were so days overrated, but we're not talking, look Leela. How so we're looking at Popeye and Domino's. Similar price range was what we're looking at here so but I gotta, say I think Domino's is hitting it on all cylinders. I have to say little seizures was so bad that there, the value to enjoyment is totally out of whack, like don't ya, eat that and what was the delivery time. Did you say Mike who arrived first yeah I've got that here, so Pizza Hut, which we're gonna be eating. Now was here 25 minutes it was quick. Dude, Papa and Domino's actually arrived at the same exact time they cross each other in the hallway coming to the same office, I wonder if they thought they were being trolled. That was 45 minutes big difference. Little Caesars was 41, so Pizza Hut, which we're gonna, try finally came in with the resounding best delivery time by far okay. Now, if we're looking at the cost of the pie, we're looking at $22, seventy two cents for the $5 tip um, let's just say, I, think I- think these these nice ones are all the same. You got Domino's you got Papa, you got pizza, it's all the same. Okay, so and it's just scissors white looks so clean I. Like the look at that cheese, don't you yeah? Okay, so this is so here we go. I haven't had pizza, heighten up and ages, mmm saucy, hmm, it's a nice sauce moment there. Oh my good, oh so this one's the greasiest by far yeah this one's like so I've, got the most cheese too. It's like heavy on the trees. Oh go! What do you think it's pretty good I felt it's between this one and Domino's confess mm-hmm. When the pizza arrives, you in here you were out getting something from the house. Mmm arrived so fast, I had a slice fresh of course, and I was like this is the best [ __ ] pizza I've had in a long time huh, so I actually wanted I. Think I think about. In my opinion, a clear win. The big shot, I think it's. My favorite I delivered the quickest st. prices. All these other [ __ ], it's just too expensive. Are you there mm-hmm you're bright, oh cheese and sauce, no wonder Papa John's, a billionaire there's [ __ ], flour, dude, but I guess you can share it with a few people. So it's not one meal. Do people really share pizzas I feel that most people just do people not I, feel like people must usually just get like a 3x, I'll eat, half of them and then eat the rest like over the next couple weeks. I think actually not I. Think you're really wrong about not one I love that one. What is your guys's experience just so that it doesn't think that I'm insane with what wait wait ordering here in headlights? What was it you like cut it in and you're like panicked and looking around like Danny, went rogue and give them Kim. Usually I go first, I was but I was chewing, so it's like E and you go for it's not right. What am I doing right all right come on get your [ __ ] together. What we so first question that I have for you guys is in your experience when you order pizza, you share it with other people. Right yeah I mean with what Ethan's talking about I'll order, occasionally like a small or a medium No and eat a few pieces and then save the rest. But if you, you said double XL eat hattery, oh yeah, that seems a bit. Much can I tell you. Can I confide in you something no I want to hear anymore. It's nothing to happen! Recent. This was during college when I was packing on a lot of [ __ ], wave dude. This is what I used to do. There was a piece of place in Santa Cruz. What was that peace place called by Trader Joe's? We used to like it. No! No! It's closed I heart, but they had really. It was really expensive, but it was really good. They had a buy one, get one free of any of any price. It's that place. That has like cool murals on the walls inside and everything, that's the catalyst. Okay. They have $1 slices that all the homeless people line up for as they're like yeah, huge and [ __, ] ass load of calories, no there's a difference. It's called like what wood fires or some [ __, ] and I would order the pizza, I'd say: I've got a buy one get one free, coupon of any size and I would get this. Look like the [ __ ] biggest possible, most expensive piece of generally. That would be like the barbecue chicken or some kind of Hawaiian special with bacon three excel. It was [ __ ], huge dude, like I'm, telling you the size of all four of those pizzas I'm the delivery guy which I shop I'd be like I've got dog I I totally can't find the coupon, because I know that they had the offer, but I didn't have the coupon thank God and we used to do it. So much me, my friends, that by the end, when it started getting too awkward, the delivery guy would be like dude. I didn't really need the coupons like, and he would call and then, though, on the last time he called his managers like you know, this guy doesn't have the COO on he's like I got it I can only he already had both he's like I can only give you one pizza. Okay, do you want you were dated by yourself? He said: do you want to still want to be like know us dude, those were trying times, I needed a pizza, but he's like you know what just take it and don't ever call us again, but you wouldn't buy that for yourself, so I would take yeah two of them two of them. You know it was wrong with you. Listen to me, I'm, not dumb, thirty pizzas, thirty dollars, but you're talking to [ __ ] monster super good pizzas. I would immediately put one in the fridge that one's gonna last me a week. I will go upstairs peace moan, maybe like a quarter because I mean even a [ __ ] glutton like me, could only do a quarter of a pizza that big and I would I would probably have like thirty slices of pizza in the fridge that I would slowly eat over the course of a week or two and I would dip it in ranch. - bro I had housemates I had a house in Santa, Cruz and I had four housemates that I didn't know so I just was like in the kitchen and then in my room. That's it so I would run up into the room with a with ranch. I know it just I would [ __ ] beast mode. It was just a bottle or ranch. That's the same house that I lost all that weight into, though, because I I got no disgusted for myself. I, remember: I took a picture with my housemates and they posted on Facebook a tag dream back when people use Facebook, yeah and I saw a picture of myself and I would like to even recognize myself because I gotten so [ __ ] fat, funnily enough much fatter than I am now no yeah. Really yeah I thought you I thought you kept saying that now you're at your fattest. That's what I'm saying I'm no I was shocked by how fat I was yeah, but now I'm significantly fatter than I was, but when I saw that picture of myself, that was the moment. I decided to go on that crazy regimen, which I lost like 50 pounds on. So a lot happen in that house. Did you like my story? No I wish I dunno I liked your story and I wanted to. Let you finish, but we got to go to break all right, well, throw it to break the great bill. Burr is out with a new comedy special on Netflix. Today, September 10th called paper tiger. We've got a little clip here to tease it for you. Let's have a look meet to movement, white, male priviledge, hipsters, [Music] I'm, a my a spicy spicy show I wonder if this is gonna, be Chappelle asked provocative. I can't wait to watch it it's out right now today, if you're not watching Netflix bill birnes special, you are literally basically for your dead weight on this planet. Earth you're not living life. To your full potential. We got headlights boarding on apocalyptic in the news every day odds are. You could use a lot? That's where Netflix comes in with the all new stand-up special paper tiger from the comedian bill, burr y'all, known loved him filmed at the Royal Albert Hall in London bill delivers an all-new hour of his hilariously, honest and guy. So let me tell you what the copy reads here: no hold bars, I wonder what bill would say about this copy. No hold bars takes on me to movement, sex, robots outrage, culture and mail. Feminism bill burst paper, Tigers now streaming only on Netflix, where you can also watch as other specials walk your way out. Let it go I'm, sorry, you feel that way and you people are on the same, that title makes me laugh and for more check out Netflix as a joke on Twitter and Instagram, where you can get all of your neck, flicks comedy news and a daily dose of funny guys, let's all get on Netflix today and watch that mother-effing Dilber special. Thank you to Netflix and Bill burr and to all you out there for being so special stitch fix is what you need to look and feel great, because, let's face it, us guys don't have time to go out to the mall, and even if we did honestly that's the last thing me and many of you would want to do because shopping sucks. You got to go you try it on. You got to look at it, it's hard to even find stuff. You like with stitch fix. You take a survey. You tell them about your style, your budget, what you like, and all the sudden you're, getting a box hand-picked from a personal stylist sent to your home and here's the best part you try on the pieces of clothing. If you don't like it, you simply send it back. Shipping is free both ways and you get a refund. You don't have to. You only keep what you like guys. It's it's like having the dressing room in your home and having someone pick out the best [ __ ]. For you. It is truly a revolution guys, we've all got our own style. You know, and some of its bad and some of its worse I happen to be one of the worst ones possible, but with a level help from a stylist. The touch of a beautiful woman, like my wife or the touch of a stylist, hear of stitch fix, they're gonna make you look and feel like your dick deserves to be sucked, but wash it first, that's my tip to you. They won't give you that tip wash your dick before you go on a date. That's like one-on-one guys, stitch fix is online personal styling service that delivers your favorite clothing brand right to your door. You get started at stitch, fix com, slash, h3, answer, questions choose accessories, no commitment required. You only pay for what you keep $20 styling fee is automatically applied towards anything. You keep from your box, guys come the Frick off of it. You never have to think about looking good again with stitch fix here for our fans. You can get started today at stitch, fix calm, slash, h3, you get an extra 25% off when you keep everything in your box. Okay, that's epic! That's stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3, stitch, fix, calms, /, h3, look good and save some time. Save some energy stitch fix, calm, /h, Lee Gaby's. What up mom Naish Ethan is probably stuck in the bathroom again, as always, I wanted to ask. What do you think about me with goss's I'm curious? These are my real glasses, but I actually never wear them. So let me know what you think in the comments: it's not like. Lucky, it's just like really D style. You know. Let me know what you think: yes, we aren't liven well entertaining would be in question. I am doing something Eggman's over yeah, it all kind of tastes like [, __ ]. Thank you old, but not because I hate pizza. You because it's old like if you were to tasted that Pizza Hut fresh, you would have been like. Maybe if you were to punch through the glass window and [ __ ], you have to tell you that, from my memory of like main key that one that I loved the most was Pizza Hut- hmm, so maybe maybe it's still my favorite I, don't know it was our surprise man, the one that I used to always order. As a kid I, don't know it's a local one, Hungry Howie's, Hungry Howie's is national I hope he's a [ __ ] like I, got time to research, but I feel like [, __ ]. That's part of the cycle. You go from the joy, the thrill of the pizza being there. You consume the pizza, it's okay, it's not as good as you as you anticipated because they anticipations everything and then sets in the regret. Like any addiction, I would assume yeah except drugs heroines bomb well until it goes away, probably yeah sure, but then you just take more well guys. That was fun. We were moving right along. We've got the bachelor, the hotly anticipated sequel we in our first round and when you ready come ahead and join us and the first round we took submissions from many many eligible girls and we narrowed it down to about 15 and from those 15 even selected, the five that caught his eye, the most we had huh we had hundreds of submissions just to be frank, Ian, that's got to make. You feel good right, I feel the opposite of good right now, good, it's a really I feel really bad yeah I, don't feel good I, don't feel good about what I did mm-hmm. How many did you eat I had all that all for you finish each slice yeah! That's my guy well to be objective. You know reviewer the whole slice, that's what I'm saying! Thank you very much. I'll take those! These are the roses from the original okay. You can see that they're still lush and beautiful. Just like Ian's love listen to sound these men under the table. What do you think? What do you take me for I was about to [ __ ] I got a piece so bad, really about the city on the Gatsby and singing out the window. Dude I'd love to be on the Gatsby started with a hundred narrowed it down to 15 narrowed it down to five. Now these five have submitted for our viewing pleasure video responses to pre-written questions that Yin has posed for his future wife. Let me read some of these questions. As they come up. That's kanye album to bring on a deserted island, know everyone who is the number one spider-man and why you're referring to actor I'm assuming yeah yeah, you got invited to a potluck. It's an acquaintance. You met one time at a bowling alley for a mutual friend the acquaintance says. The potluck will be a modest gathering for about 10 to 15 people and they're, making burgers they work in finance and have a nice 3-bedroom condominium with their fiancee Alice and the roommate mark. Why do they have a roommate if they're in good question? If they're in finance, you said they have a I, didn't, say they're good at finance hold on. Let me back up here you that they work in finance and have a nice 3-bedroom condominium, but they have a roommate mark. Yeah, okay, yeah I'm, just stating what's happening in this situation. Yeah I mean you didn't write a check. Okay, that's strange that they do that. But that's what it is mark is a vegan. They have one cat named Marcus. The potluck is 45 minute drive from your house. You're asked to bring a dessert. What do you bring? Let me think about this. It's an acquaintance. You met one time at a bowling alley from a mutual friend and you're driving 45 minutes to a potluck I'm not going to this potluck. Is that an acceptable answer? That is an answer if they're like I'm, not [, __ ], bringing anything because I'm not going in this Marty. Would you find that a good answer, a bad answer? I could see why that would be a good answer. You're interesting, a trick question yeah, potentially something to consider yeah pizza time. Who do you were from and what do you get? Well, I don't be listening closely to that answer here. So here was someone who needs to go to the restroom. Do you a ridicule them be shamed them? Those are kind of I, think I, so bad. What's the different ridicule and shame like what does actress did is ridicule. What did he say? I got a piece about that. That is ridicule. Okay and shame. Shame is you've got to go again. Why don't? Why do you keep going knock it off? I see! Oh! Thank you interesting. Well, you, like, maybe you uh I'm, not playing chess I'm, just trying to get into the mind of eat like how many people are playing chess, er I've been playing chess I've been playing checkers for years. Politely. Allow them to excuse themselves in peace like any normal, decent human being so that may I mean yeah. I got Yatta Yatta. Yes, you yada-yada! That would be shame that would be ridiculed. Okay, yeah, because that's the I mean it's a it's a softball question mm-hmm. Maybe they say ridicule we'll find out. Let me read the whole thing: please allow them to excuse themselves in peace like a normal, decent human being so that they may relieve themselves without the shame over the fact that they may go slightly more often. Do you pee a lot. Is that what this is about? I, don't think I do, then? Why is this such a big part of your life that people are ridiculing and constantly shaming? You I wonder I'm, not quite sure, he's so bad. Why would that be interesting other than people, because they consume large amounts of water or not just a can of soda pop a day and give them the common courtesy of doing what every person on the planet does multiple times daily without any sort of spectacle of fuss? Strange strange question, but is your answer? Ok, let's see what they say. Let's fold, I haven't seen any of these me. Neither is exciting. Did you edit this yourself? No I didn't I'm in love. This is Dan's work best Connie album, the kind of on the I would bring. It would either have to be I. Think the college dropout or My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy that fantasy I'm, not too sure which one I'd go cold, depend on what damn getting stranded, what fives I'm feeling just getting in touch my first. What how do you know that you didn't just name random, album cuz? She seemed torn anyone who gives me one answer: that's a little iffy because there is no true answer that did seem genuine mm-hmm. She seemed and it's Raina mm-hmm, okay I, like it Ashlyn akane album, is like I said, my favorite is late registration, but I think I'd actually picked My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy to bring to a deserted island. That is no so good just because it has a lot of variety and the artists featured in it. Whoa. That's a really bear Rick Ross John, Legend -. You know jay-z Elsa, Pusha, T, dude, she's, a fan, Nicki Minaj, so I think I'd go at that one. Just because there's a lot of different sounds in it. A lot of different voices wow. That was a that was a that girl's, a fan of how I respect that answer. Yeah! It's a good answer. You did her home now. Would you tell us if there is a bad answer? Are you gonna be polite? Well because there for this question there is no bad answer, but what we're looking at there's some that are better, that's a good. She knew all the people on that album. That was real, [, __, ] and I. My lay registration, maybe my favorite album but I would probably pick the same one, because the variation variation we'll see you know the smart answer. Jesse worship island, has to be get sea ghosts because here's a fun fact about me: I've only listened to and seven of them. She say: she's listened to eight songs, eight songs in her whole life. What the [ __ ]! What is the eighth song? Where was she raised like she grow up? I, don't see any evidence of like a joke. Yeah I mean let me go back. That eating is all hers by the way, not dance further record mm-hmm, where the [ __ ] the mouse come on. I can't find the goddamn mouth, but it's not moving. You guys, Oh North, East Side. It's not moving Dan! No, we got Mountain, the mouse doesn't work, look what I'm doing I'm trying okay! Here, it's back and seven of them context did you review that mean I really want to know what the eighth song yeah I want to know. Why? How do you avoid hearing out of songs your whole life? That's that cat no I was also very confused by this. When when I was editing, all this, the only thing I could think of is maybe because you can tell the english's are not our first language. Maybe she just meant she's only her and fun. Yes, that must be honestly. How can you not hear someone's laying over here on hand? You know bad head level, so you know so lean over and look what a low-cut. Maybe your back is hurting her. You like the cleavage, is that a good point or a bad point for you in I, was like the god hands up in the back wall. That's what you noticed. What do I notice first! This is how I record daily vlogs and [ __, ], I, gotta, say I, don't want to be this nice good! Thank you. Go ahead: if we want this to be interesting, yeah, it's gonna need to be some realness here, I'm being real and now you're, not it stick. I got a piece so bad! It's stick. What this you see, how I hope that Jamie Ethan that's real? How about that is real? How about you guys compiled a bunch of sound bytes I'll leave my mouth closed and then you could add in what you like. That is how it feels almost sin, because you're not being real with that man. Even did you not notice her cleavage? First, don't and just talk. If you you need to tell me the truth, and the only true answer is yes, so just say. Yes, if you had the eyeball, trackers, painting, okay, [, __, ] you're, a liar bro, what you have the front I know you don't have the front to kick. It I know it and I'm more vulnerable, because I feel bad off, Pizza, I'm, being real. Okay, now that you've seen her cleavage, I think she's a very edge. What have you you see that she's leaning? What are you referring to again? This is a problem: I'm gonna, kick him out a good divorce. Would work divorced, yeah more papers on? Do it not space meetings? That's I didn't hear what she said: yeah, okay, I can't zoom. What? If you do you want to try the mouse I? Have them I'm, just trying to show you have one yeah Dan kid: how do I zoom on her cleavage? I? Don't know man went Windows and because usually I can zoom on this one in a browser all right. Well, we got the idea. What do you say to eight heartbreak? It awaits and heartbreak. She said no explanation needed. Do we I mean I, don't need an explanation, but I see that one's a little? That's that's his saddest album and if I'm on a desert, island I'm already probably pretty depressed, you don't need that. So what's compiling on! So it's a bad answer. She didn't think about it, but album is really good. I will like it, but overall for the deserted island. I, don't know. Okay with that answer, let me put let me say what can translate for ya bad another. Thank you, I'll, be your translate, in other words bad [, __, ] answer nice tits, though right in you, I, didn't rent your translators off a little bit about what I say. What do I got here, allora first question best: kenya album to bring on a deserted island I to the unreleased yandi I'm, not a big Kanye fan, but I have a friend who listens to a lot of Kanye and he wants to put that on and I thought it was great Amir for something. Unreleased has a lot of good I got a piece so bad Lots, well, she's, referring to leaked illegal content, which we fight do not condone, and it's frowned upon right. Yes, yes, so she pretty much! She pretty much did everything wrong. She said I'm, not a con you've him and she referred to an unreleased. Album yes, Wow, but do you expect your future girlfriend / wife, wife to be a Konya fan for sure? No? No. How is he ever gonna date? An on Kanye fan, the guy cuz I feel like at least she was being true and not acting and like wait day. I adore girls, you don't know I mean you could you could open Wikipedia and say well, this one has a lot of collabs. Just saying a bold choice. That's just straight up, be like not a fan, yeah I, respect that okay I! Think that's true. Okay, listen I'm on spider-man! Why we skip some of these questions. We've got two minutes in there's nine minutes: - I'm, just - Gabe we're dealing with your future wife and you're, telling me to hurry up. I, don't understand this guy I seriously, I, don't get it! What we're doing here, I'm trying to find you true, love and you're, telling me skip questions. Can I hold the roses. You sure you're good, but be careful, they're, really brittle fossilized! Oh, you only get to give out -! You understand. Okay got it. We could continue all right. Who are you giving me a rose, no I'm just separating the roses to give stop. I'll, stop yeah all right, Rick Renee who's, everyone, Rayna, Rayna, Rayna, Rayna, Rayna, challenging ma'am, probably just for me, I was Mary Jane with the redhead. That was my aunt. She was my idol and really can't beat an original, but Tom Holland just like killed it. He I think fits the character. Wait, I thought you liked Tom Holland an original, but then again he did I think such a great job and he he really kills the role of spotty I'm, really nervous too Tom Hollands up there. Andrew Garfield is count really, but I have to give it to Tony wire. Oh he's actually nerdy. She she I feel like she was charismatic Sam I could just he perfectly blends the confidence of spider-man. There's some pecan awkwardness of Peter Parker. That's good right, this spider-man body. So there have been many very good spider-man's, [Music], more slick, Odin, wait. Neil, Patrick Harris is I'm afraid that I came for this music, so I'm sorry [Music] yeah, he turns around. He goes I'll! Get you your rent. When you fix this damn door, I got a piece. So what's with the spider-man, I love it it's one of my favorite comics. Not really I do I was a kid. But now this is the complicated part. Look did you have a clear and now on Oh from the spider-man Oh for spider-man yeah? Well, she was pretty she hit. The quote me I appreciate the quote: that's powerful you've been you pulled it right out of it and the second. What does hurt at say Zach? What does it say? She changed her standing position as well, so yeah? Maybe she was fixing the camera. There's nothing wrong with working was what you got either I mean you know, I've seen you do it. It looks like smile and something smile, mmm I can't tell it's yeah. We can't tell what it says: okay, let's see what the potluck this is it well. The correct answer is Tobey Maguire and it seems like to said that what a potluck was I had a rough idea, but also I'm Australian. Sorry come on. Give me a bit of a leeway anyway. I've taken all factors into consideration. Besides the cat story cat, you can't get a dessert. Speaking of Australian I can bring Ozzie desserts and speaking of desserts, Wow I'm, surprising, myself, I used to make cakes for a living. I had my own business making and selling cake. We go back, so you guys don't know about Ian's pasta, but he's a baker yeah. He brings a lot of delicious bakes in here. This is a for one's a doozy. Ok I, like I, had some big, oh ok, girl, she's from Australia, but I think we can get her visa mm-hmm, Oh, Harris, ok, one on d-day Bert! You want to do a lemming Tain's, but also since you did mention that the roommate was vegan I'd bring in vegan desserts as well, something that I think would also be visually. Pleasing is mini cheesecakes mini vegan cheesecakes. Really, nice is a 45-minute. Drive I did take that into consideration. Everything's packed nicely with ice blocks in a cooler back, so everything stays nice and cold. I was never fun. Well, that's a really thoughtful answer. I really want someone to say oh she's on that right, because she skipped over the part that you met. It's an acquaintance. You met one time at a bowling alley like there's a lot, but that's that's the two sides. Yours is reasonable to say, I'm not going I'm out, but if someone is gonna go to that they gotta come prepared, she seems like she would it. He seems prepared. I was very impressed with their baking I think that was something you guys can really connect. Yeah yeah good question in my entire life. So so she doesn't go. That's what this kind of anxiety! That's a good one! Ashlyn, it's just lemon bars! My recipe for Lemon bars is already vegan, so mark would be able to eat them. Okay, plus they don't need to be refrigerated or anything and they're supposed to sit out and be room temperature anyway. So even though they'd be pretty warm a little 45 minute drive from my house to the potluck they'd be just as good plus I make really good lemon bars. You are, what do you breathe? I'd, say: I, don't know yeah, but when I look at the circumstances surrounding this hypothetical anecdote and I take my lifestyle into consideration. I've come up with the conclusion: I bake, my famous apple tart and then I'd show up late with only half the pie remaining and I'd say that I got robbed along the way, so she eats the time she wants to show up fashionably late and then, but she wants to keep half for herself mm-hmm. It's an interesting angle. Okay. She, oh she's, changing her position. Every time that's kind of charming mixing it up was that a [ __ ] coffee grind like a coffee filter. So we make the brownie pizza. It can be vegan, it doesn't taste gross and vegan. So that's good, but this will make the vegan guys feel special and he needs that cuz. His name is Marc. He lives with a couple so he's already third-wheeling and their caps name is Marcus I, like the cheese respective marks really on the go and simply I forgot. The third part smile and simply smile I got a piece so bad weights down, while always driving, probably hopefully not her boyfriend. I. Don't think so. But you know sometimes, when you're in a relationship you're like what, if Brad Pitt wanted to [ __ ] me, would you be okay with that and my bread pit? No, but that's my point they're, like you're, that famous guy and he's like yeah. If, if Brad Pitt will [ __ ], you I won't be mad, so maybe that's the situates the case. That's pretty sad! Your pattern from the h3 funkiness, no dude, you gotta, accept that. Do you get recognized a lot on the street? Not a lot now and again, some guy did it the gym the other day and he was falling. It was a little he was following it like he was. He was like hey man and I was like it's weird when you're in the gym, because you know not a social environment. Don't want people looking at you there. You know what I'm dropping weights on my head or something grow, but it doesn't happen that often what about what about you Dan? What getting recognized yeah! Oh that would require me to actually go out. We're like. Oh, we don't leave the [ __ ] house, yeah yeah. It's happened now and again, when I go to concerts. Is that fun? For you guys I, don't mind it at a concert? That's a lot better than at a gym for sure yeah yeah. What about Zach yeah I've been recognized. That leaves five times for act on campus or one campus in college? How does that feel? Is it cool? It's pretty cool. Some dude wanted to take a picture with me. What do you you should have? Let you guys should have like. Like a slogan, you say when someone says I like Zach's. Yours could be like um party on keep shredding yeah and then he was that can be male I want to show the men tell me if it's clear, yeah yeah down a little bit yeah. This is my chair. I got I, got my leg right next to my chair and then look at anything. Alright, yeah, okay, dawg, baby I got man spread em right on a man's bedroom. It's real you! Can't man spread your wife. Who can you I'm Ian when, after you take the photo, don't say hi, you should say alright. Well, I got to go pee so bad. So I'll see you later. That's [, __ ] hilarious. That's really funny, but it's never gonna happen. What's your say? Well, Dan, say mine, I, don't know it's like I'm. Was it not to play devil's actually? Well? Actually, I got to go play devil's advocate just to play devil's advocate person honestly pizza time. What do we order? Well, we know the real answer is pizza? Well, the real answer is round table so on. My last visit to America I had pizza from dominos and it was life-changing like maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration, so would get Domino's again, but maybe I would get someone to surprise me with what to order. I have a hard time, picking because I'm so indecisive when it comes to something like food which I love so much so I would either have someone else choose, but some classics that I, like you've got your Hawaiian barbecue chicken is good classic cheese. You know whatever, whatever floats your boat, it's pizza unhappy. No not picky. First, we go to pizzas, usually just a vegetarian pizza, a lot of vegetables on top, maybe some extra like feta cheese baked on top of it as well. That's good! If I'm ordering in a pizza, it's gonna be from Domino's I'm. Sorry, almost maybe like three times in my life and every time, I've gotten it. They always messed up my order. Well, they didn't slice. Ours! I! Don't look closely once if I can't give Papa John's another chance, so I don't have our date with Domino's I'm, sorry, Jesse, [Laughter], with cheese, more cheese, mushrooms, I'll, just literally get cuz I'm basic as hell. What did she faking? It? I mean I, know she's doing it good yeah. We got it. She said margarita pizza, I, know she's doing a goof with the make up. I assume, that's not how she usually goes outside right. It seems like maybe she does like a makeup Channel or yeah. We sort of lost like the context, but she explained at the beginning. She was just gonna multitask. This is her actual makeup. She goes outside in no. She said his drag makeup: okay, yeah, that makes sense. I was gonna, say that I thought she looked. I thought she looked great in the beginning, you're not on board. With these lashes he's a good boy. Well, I mean it looks very dramatic. I would assume it's not. She doesn't just do it on a day to day that's probably been going somewhere yeah. Would you wear that? Would you put on lashes like that? Oh me, I'm the most special of occasion, only the most public wedding wedding, no I'll, just literally get Pizza Margherita, because I'm basic as hell Barker is basic. I love the money and I hate Domino's, oh because they're pizza tastes like cardboard, you get that so, where am I going and what am I getting I'm. Definitely going to this place called piehole we have in Boise is so cool. That's like cool graffiti on the walls. It's just like an awesome place. It's really cheap too, but they have this potato bacon pizza. So it's a creamy, potato bacon. I got a piece. Okay. Now some weird question about weird question: [ __, ] strange this whole question about paying a B and C. As you are possible options, I went rated out because it would be so long. I want to rub this up as quick as possible. So I'm not boring you guys, but see, see all away. Thank you because, like Ian, sometimes I need a piece so bad and it sucks cuz. You know you just can't help it and sometimes you're doing something really busy like working on a really important webcast I know, but you just really need a piece iPad weird, because if you really look into it, it's it's about your cause, Ian, because you're bringing awareness to do to the people that you're very welcome. Just thank you. I, don't understand! What's all this hubbub about in golf, you need, you know, I drink at least 2 liters of water every single day and I. Try to be extra sure of it and you know, keep myself hydrated. You love to have some clear pee in this household. That is a good factor. I would personally never say: I have to pee so bad in front of thousands of people. So well, girls really put a good. They all really stepped up to the challenge. Don't you're all winners in my eyes. So in two roses to present we have five lovely girls, but only two roses. This is difficult, so we've got those are all to summarise: we have rain up. We have Raina Raina and I'm Australia Ashlyn Jessie. We have Jessie, we have Laura Laura and Katy, and we have where's Katy Katy Rayna Ashlyn Laura. Here, let me pull up their pics for you go ahead, think of Haiti and that's a sh and we're missing one here on the on the leg: it's in the top: it's the tech, okay, whatever you come on again, okay, who gets a crusty old rotten rose. So, by the way now, Ian's gonna give two roses and we're gonna have to come down to a final and the winner is gonna, get a plane ticket out here to Los Angeles to go on a romantic date, possibly even a getaway, possibly waffle tea like maybe you guys, can go to San Diego for a weekend or something oh and we can like hear about it. I mean this is Syria. This is not a joke. Okay, I'm! Looking for sweets, fantasy, sweet baby, you guys are gonna [, __ ] know what the coitus is not required. What coitus? Okay, you hit a little accident on that coitus coitus baby yeah, but but this there's a lot on the line for these, these wonderful young. Ladies, so Ian, do you have any thoughts? Well, uh, I liked? Why don't we go one by one like okay put up Raina on the screen? Raina Raina was great I love that she baked sure that's my bladder yeah. She took into account the traveling for the people, the potluck and I. Think I gotta give Raina rose really I think so here we go again marina, oh god, I hate. This part uh Reena. You got to put an accent on she's estrella you'll, see in yeah, yeah yeah might yeah. Oh my. That was great. Will you accept this dead? Decrepit rose yeah with all my heart, with all the appreciation and sincerity in the world. I accept this rose, yes, Truman x10 says long. I just want you to know that I I, don't believe in waiting. You tell me I. First, have sex, no I, don't believe that you we should have sex before we get married. Oh you mean coitus coitus. Yes, I also believe that I am um. I am a Scientologist, so I hope that you'll be able to join with me. Also I want to say that I have a condition where my butthole is so tight and I poop. Out of my vagina, all those in spirit of mine, I would love to accept your rose. Thank you. Can I have a kiss not right. Now? Okay, oh that's exciting, right up! Wow! Okay, so we only have one row. So you better choose wisely now: Tim, okay, Katy and all her glory. Katy was grouchy I liked Katie a lot yeah great girl I, like that she tested she drove around with the she. She put a whack, yes, yep mobile, absolutely uh. She won't ridicule. My bathroom visitations, okay, I, feel well, I mean I, know it's right out there, gay I think I got to give Katy the other roads. The show there's a note to Ashlyn see. This is the part he did ridicule. You kind of she goofed on you a little bit for saying who would say: I got a piece so bad in Friends of million people. She did goof on me exactly who doesn't appear to be American, although commute she had an accident. Did she I? Don't think three of them are from yesterday. That makes me question this. Since there there they are far away like damn: I live in [, __, ] Australia. You know. Where is Katie, that's the low right now low risk reward. She was the one that said she's from Idaho right, so yeah that she liked the potato pizza. That's right. She picked local pizza, I. Think that's good I like that too. So I Ashland's, the one you chose, no Katie I, didn't mean to skip straight to her all right. Well, whatever we know the answers, it's Katie we're come on. Oh we're great. They were all fantastic, I want to say: Ashlyn, you're, safe you're, that girl, yeah I, wish you to poke fun, love and, and you deserve love and you're. Yes, mr. right is out there Jesse hilarious, you are gonna, find mr. Rosell kills work and Frank and I want to know what the let the 8th song was, that she's heard yeah Jesse I. Think you're too good for in any lie, I'm inclined to agree, Katie Katie, you accepted yes, and there is no wonder why come on man she's got great paintings on her wall, great artwork and then Laura all right who Laura I liked Laurie a lot too yeah Laura seems like she's, got a lot of character, a lot of personality, but ultimately Ian thinks that you are just not good enough. That's not translated and sure he said no, an emphatic. No, it wasn't in Phatak. It was very quiet, so hesitant. No on behalf of Katie. Would you like to present a rose to me? I guess I have to right, Katie Catherine. Will you explain a lot Catherine? Okay, we don't have to fight during the rose ceremony. Here. Don't make words in my mouth. Okay! Well, I've got this really dying dead rose here? Will you take it? Will you accept it? Will you have it? Will you embrace this rose well, I do wish that you had a. Why is it that you're presenting me with dead, rose and I mean that's not a romantic way to start off our relationship, but it's an aged rose, oh well, -, fine wine I would like to say that I will accept this Rose begrudgingly, mm-hmm I. Think as a man, you have a lot of room for improvement. Yes, but I think that if we work on you, if we can get you up to - so where I think you need to be is a as a man that we do have a future again well, I'd like to know in yes, first of all, yeah I don't have a job and I don't like to work. Okay, will you provide for me, I mean as long as I have one, but you know we'll see how that goes back to the segment. Okay, good you'll provide for me and I also want to say that I don't like having sex and I'll, saw my lesbian, oh wow, so um I mean I have a bit of an effeminate personality, so so I'm gonna need you to tuck your dick behind your legs tape it to your [, __ ] and pretend the yellow vagina when we have sex. Was that? Okay with you? Oh it's taped right now: okay, T Holly! You don't your pubic books of a sin. You have a vagina! Is that okay eat up this? He looked at that one. Thank you accepted I was worried. She wasn't cold nervous -. Then she did so. We've got Katie kind of a hurtful speech from Katie, oh no she's, making her a choice and Reina did I finally say her name right yeah, so we're gonna have to reach out to them for the final rose ceremony and the winner wins a flight out to Los, Angeles and a date, a romantic date within we're. Gonna have to set up a romantic table and like have some kind of obviously well, you guys have some a long time, but the vast majority we're gonna be recording, oh and I. Think if I get you guys a hotel room on wanna put cameras in it, they do that in the bathroom cameras in there all day, yeah. That is true. Well, thank you. Everybody that was great I, pretty much know graduations to the two finalists. So thank you, Bob Visionnaire love really truly is in the area. Romantic. Thank you in now. You can take that garbage and throw it out and take these two. These are the important to keep these in the fridge. Yeah yeah. Those are back in the fridge, obviously for safekeeping gotta, keep them fresh as possible, so we send them to Dave &amp; Buster's for the night David Buster's, honey, Haven buses is fun. I don't want my I think that's a good date. I came out during this podcast I'm gonna check my phone really fast, because there's some big news, I'm checking professional, oh yeah, it's very professional and I'm on my phone I'll give a [ __ ] goddamn [ __ ] mother's records. This is like deep in nobody watch this [ __ ]. Am I right if anybody's watching this go to the comments and type nobodies go to the comments and say dick tape to my [ __ ] eat my pubic bush out, like I'm a woman either? Will you perform that sex acts on me as an act of love, I'm already doing way already divorced? We had those papers that I brought in yeah if I shave, my pubes and put my dick back it'll be like eating out a woman. So if you have any female oriented fantasies, you better get it out with me now cuz I'm kind of into it, you are, you could into the taping yeah [ __ ] hot I get to I get to participate in lesbian sex [Laughter], that's the whole [ __ ] show no. We have to get a [ __ ], but honestly, that's evergreen I'm over I'm done right. How long we done Dan about an hour and a half, so we're pretty good. Well, that's an episode folks! Seo! Truly we've got the Guinness World Records segment. There's gonna be a lot of fun. We've got the I've got this whole segment about how media keeps [ __ ] over Andrew yang. It's pretty amazing, but again it's kind of evergreen too, so save that we've got a huge guests on Friday, but I don't want to give it away. Mm-Hmm I think it's better if it's a surprise but need, but just suffice to say we have a huge guest on Friday. That I think a lot of people are gonna be very happy to see. Is there anything I can say that doesn't give it away it all, but hype sit up, Dan nope, yes, leave it at that, but definitely tune in Bret. It's exciting I mean everyone is gonna, be I, think not only happy but shocked to see this person and they are they're a mega celebrity. This isn't like some meme [ __ ] like this is a this is a mega slippery. You know it's OJ Simpson that'd be [, __, ] epic. No, not you Simpson! No, it's everybody! It's someone! Everybody knows and loves, so Friday mystery guest. It's gonna be great. All right, you're, gonna, screw it on out of here. I wish I'm, not gonna. Guy I can't you know, Hardy doesn't get that thing. In-N-Out man nothing's here to stay I'm excited the Gatsby's here. Man yeah, fantastic, well, happy Tuesday. My dudes will see on Friday first for a super special app of the h3 bro cast and girls broke cast broke cast. Maybe I got a piece because I'm broke or like broke as a person. Thank god. This pizza, [, __ ], spell I, regret everything. You say that what we're doing a bit it's for the plug, it's for the love of the game, nope! Alright, let's do let's wrap it up guys you see on Friday, first super exciting, Megas, special mystery guest and next week, just a small reminder that we, you will do Tuesday, but then Friday won't be in New York. We need to announce it more yeah. I know you get the word out. September 20th pop up in New York City in Manhattan. Do we have the address I? Don't? Oh, we don't be address yet, or maybe it's not. It will be Inman well. Just stay tuned check. Our social media check our Chetty fresh social media. We're going down to -, it's gonna be funny. It's gonna be crazy. It's gonna be super fun. The pop-up store is gonna, be amazing. You seem really hyped about it. Oh I'm, tired I am high. We are no I'm going in New York for chrissake we're hyped and nervous cuz we're gonna be flying with you we'll be in New, York City. Alright, guys we'll see you on Friday Tata have a great week and carry on with all the Lovings and God blessings in the world. I. Remember it's Pizza time it's Pizza Huts time because they are the clear winners and definitely Pappajohn sucks. [ __ ] around and little seizures is honestly, not that good either. So that's it goodbye see Fredrik [Music].