-, what is this? Am I hearing an airplane coming here? Is it a bird? Is it a cyber truck? Is a Lamborghini, so we called them. Then the magician here in the office, because we have a joke that he can do anything and it's not really a joke, because Dan was just like oh yeah, I could probably shoot. Ok, I could probably fix the Gatsby and we were like ok, give it a try and then it did well now the door is broken, but guess what then we'll fix it? Bad things happen when the Gatsby house, everybody welcome to the h3 podcast Wow, what a joy, what a thrill to be here on this beautiful used. What is today Tuesday Thanksgiving week, what a treasure, what a joy so much to look forward to with our friends and family and loved ones? Does everybody hate their family, serious question before we get into that? Thank you to hating your families brought to you by Brooke, Lennon and commanded. Does everybody hate their family? Like? Does anyone enjoy Thanksgiving dinner like genuine, like 100%, with all their heart, because I feel like I hate love? It don't ask me: what do you guys think Ben does dan has like your normal family, yeah I, don't hate my family I'm, not a big fan of Thanksgiving know why? Because the meat I mean sort of just I'm, not a big fan of Thanksgiving food meat or broad, well, I, don't that braz Affairs, nothing! I know! People are gonna. Call me on American, even Turkey. Let's be honest, the worst, the worst meat I mean it's just boring. Yeah I always hated turkey. We're actually we're making brisket this year and I think I'm going to make the one exception. You are I, don't know I'm on the fence, but I would what an exact do you like Thanksgiving or do you hate it? [ __, ] hate it is it the family, you hate or the face different kind of suck I. It's the food I mean this year. I'm gonna be with my girlfriend, but we're going to you know with my family, but it just there's always such a drama. Always such [ __ ] the drama, the cleaning yeah, someone always doesn't do enough and then the person that does too much is pissed terrible. And then, if you go to someone else's house, the food, it really sucks, the turkeys do dry and then you everyone's a gossiping about how bad the food was yeah and it's always so awkward. It's like thanks, yeah, Thanksgiving I, say this Thanksgiving. We all order Chinese food. If I'm I thing is, if you're spending time with your family, and you really want to be with them order. Food ends. Your brighter said that is gonna make broccoli Kish, and that is what I'm excited about. I think I might hit that answer and I. Think from now on, Thanksgiving should be about broccoli. Quiche just says then ADA. This is the Native Americans once cooked Americans will hate me Ian. Do you hate being on the show? Because you never answer me every time we switched you, people have commented on it that you always look miserable, no, no I like it. Thank you like it. I like to like it. Well, I, like you too, in and I like you being here, but the question of the moment is: do you like Thanksgiving I mean I'm inclined to like those guys, my family they're cool? It's just it's too close to Christmas it's a little double-dip and I. Think yeah like it's like good. It's like the shitty band, opening up for the act like you're, really interested. Yes, that's cool, but that is kind of what's cool about it. Cuz it's like holy, they seasoned and started it's the official people are taking time off and going places and doing stuff and buying stuff ft r ez yeah I mean ft r seems kind of harsh I mean it's still. A band I hate this candy, it's not candy. It's a bandy and I, don't understand the analogy: I have an especial exciting announcement, Danny's trying to fix the door. Let's get a shot of this I think I, [, __ ] it up good man I, actually knocked it off the hinge for sure it's off the gatsby's unfortunate. This is awesome. Emily's about it's, not off the rails. Bobby did Bobby, took the whole frame off the wall. I just stick the hinge off come on Dan, you got it use all your strength, this podcasters off of the hinge we're in, but we're not getting out, I think I, don't think we're getting out off the hinge. Thank you perfectly. Thank you. Now guys we haven't had merch in a long long time. It's been a long time since we've introduced h3 merch well, just in time for the holiday seasons. We have special limited time only at h3h3 shop, calm. Let me show you what we've cooked up here today in spirit of the holidays and spirit of this beautiful team that we've assembled here on the on the podcast. We have made a t-shirt to pay homage to each cast member. You can pay homage to each cast member and and we're splitting the profits evenly with all of the cast members. This is a elective. This is a going to be a beautiful moment for everybody. We are going five ways on this, so, let's see we want to take bets on which designs gonna sell the best. So, let's start with mine now I think mine is sell. The worse and I'll. Tell you why yeah it's like it says: Shalom everybody which is great and I love the dogs in the apartments for the outfit and then you've got a feeding window with bagels interracial. If you don't understand, bagel dough, burger well from here next to a Jew, it looks like bagels and that's what I understand but like I, don't think many people are gonna wanna wanna rock walk around with shirt with, like you know, Jewish paraphernalia on it. So unfortunately, I kind of agree with you, but I think the design is really funny. If you have the balls to rock at home, everybody, then you're gonna, look what if you're Jewish you might want to wear that to Hanukkah. Yes, maybe you're Jewish, it's a great shirt feel or if you're a goalie, and you just want a four rep. Your nation I think it's a great shirt for you too I'm given I'm, not saying you can't I'm, just saying I think there's a lot of people. That would not want to explain why they're wearing a shalom everybody shirt, but the Hasidic Jew and dogs with yarmulkes on it now on to ILA's I'm over it. I think this is gonna, be the top seller, and this one is just phenomenal: it's got ela I'm over it and then in the Gatsby, really blur its juming out of frame bro, don't really blur spread. Each in this shirt is unbelievable. That mobility blur is just genius come on and we have to give a shout-out to our boy Abe. He does a lot of our merch she's a character, he's a comedy genius and he is the pioneer the brain. Fine. Actually, this one was done by should I say who did this Dan or never? Why don't you say who did this? Well, a Abe did the original design, and then there was an overhaul that my girlfriend actually did. Thank you know. Now: we've got Dan the wizard cuz. He fixes everything honestly and with a with a bag of chips. Now originally it was called devil's advocate and it was me as a little troll which I liked I. Just like you know myself as a little troll with with demon tusks, but this one is is clearly much better. If you could see the old ones, you would understand. No apologies to Abe. The concept was beautiful, but honestly yeah we got to go to break it says so. Dance is really wearable. Stanzas are, is a is a really good option. Now this one is kawaii as [ __ ] this one with my Abe Dan, the salaried employee, Hawaii yeah, Indian, god Danny Valerie, employee white eyes and cheeks I, gotta pee, so bad in the cellar, employee, The Bachelor, everybody loves and Kanye as well, who made that Wow guy named kuba sent it to us once he upgraded to a salaried employee. We needed a new new vertical [Music] beautiful stunning, so I think that one is gonna. Do very well and now Ian made this one and I'm like Danny and what am I paying freelancers for what any Mayo the Joker is, that white paint or Mayo in her face AK, odd I. Guess it's left for the imagination. I guess! No! It's up for interpretation. So this one actually is awesome there. They all are right now at h3, h3 4.com, it's perfect for gifts, it's perfect! For yourself! It's a perfect stocking stuffer! It's a perfect stocking! I, don't know anything about Christmas. But if you head on over to a spacious, yeah we're calling them stalkers I forgot that they're stalking. Yes, so there you have it guys. The five holiday shirts only now limited time only available for two weeks will be in time for Christmas and everybody gets paid. So now, if in I know, we only pay him $1 a month, we'll actually have an opportunity to make a little bit of money. Lord knows that's right, so yeah he needs it badly. I've been hearing I need that second dollar I've been hearing really hard times for in the salaried employee, so that'll be fun. Looking forward to seeing, if I'm just being honest, I think it's going to be ela and in are the top sellers. What do you guys think I I kind of agree? I? Think you look evil us? Definitely that's gonna be number one. You know I think that I hate voting for myself but I didn't make it I just thought about a design design with that mobility blurs I mean and you're awesome. Everybody would love CeeLo too. So that helps but I. Think Dan's gonna be a bit of a dark horse, though I like it honestly, is pretty mainstream at this point playing I. Don't like my refer to it. Mine is you there can be number two or lost people just want to rep the nature. You know what I mean the people just want to support the host the leader, the God, really, if I'm gonna be humble about it, so I do think that mine will either get to or last shredder Alfredo with the little I love that I mean come on. I mean come on right so, but we shall see there, you have it h3h3 shop, calm, cheese, cheese! Let's see! Let's get this out of my face today, mother effers we've got a special episode mm boy. You we got a lot of [ __ ] from last week's episode. People get angry when I show I can't show videos, but we talk about elective McDonald's fights mm-hmm, so we shouldn't do that anymore. People were really upset, oh so some people say suggest just putting the links in the description, so long I mean is it or what we still get in trouble for them? No, you won't get in trouble, but I just don't think it's a good idea. Oh really - link - like no to talk about something you can't show I agree, I, think in general, I I, I kind of already had that feeling before we were gonna. Do it I thought that they would enjoy hearing the the sound of a man battle through a glass window, but it's not his noise yeah. Well, the more you know what else we had a lots of other feedback. People were scared. I, think people are just generally scared about shoenice yeah. We got a bunch more to come on that, but before we get to that, I want to get to the Papa John pizza reckoning. Now it's been a dark time and the Pizza halls of fame order pizza category Papa. We haven't heard from in a while. We tried desperately to get an interview from with him. I want him on the show. He just did an interview which is making waves in media, and this is just some nobody. If he came on this show, we could really talk about pizza slice by slice. You know what I mean we could take this. We could take this story slice by slice. If I did a documentary about Papa jonno called slice one for chapter, one mm-hmm very poetic. Thank you. So there is a lot to break down here, but he is he's coming hard for these. People who took his pizza throne- and the first thing I want to point out- is that he's so wet it's kind of like I, don't wet here, he's kind of like you see like I'm full. If a person could be a pizza right, that's how much of a pizza guy he is he's like I have become I'm like you know how you're like sis or bi or whatever he's pizza. That's his orientation. They gotta add a P LJ, Thank You, P plus P for Papa John pizza, P plus um. Why is he so wet, though for real? He just came fresh out of the oven. He does say in this interview that he's eaten 40 pizzas in the past 30 days and I. Think at a certain point you just start sweating pizza grease, but let's go ahead and hear from the Papa God himself. I mean this is a much-anticipated we've all been waiting, breaking the silence, her dream, the people that I care about I love that I've made multi-millionaires would do what they did. It was the cart reversal. I need to point out that that is not a Papa John uniform. This guy cannot put away the past he's where it is it's a closest shirt. You could possibly find to looking like a Papa John uniform. That's not what is that logo -? It's not a fashion brand. It's just unrelated. It says: Jeff baseball! Oh, that's! That's a yeah! You never heard Jeff baseball. No! He literally just found a shirt that looks like the red work. Well, yeah pop John. This is Jeff baseball, I'll, stick the papa of Pizza. Looking back now. Do you think that you were set up? Oh there's, no question about it and in the public knows that this do you think they intentionally had a block due to interview him because he got outed for saying the n-word a bunch. So they're probably like, let's see what you know, let's put his. Let's put his pizza to the in the let's put his feet in the pizza: oven that black guy. Let me go back because I, don't miss a word set-off! Oh there's, no question about it and the public knows that this is I love that the public knows that yeah. It's such a big, a story, I love that he thinks that every public is bawling just pizza stories. No, but he used to be a big shot used to do. Uh used to be the sole sponsor the NFL used to do commercials with like mega celebrity Peyton Manning. Is that who I don't know who these football players are? Yeah, Peyton, Manning, I, guess he's a big deal. This is John Schneider side of the story and it's loaded, nothing so loaded with olives. It's loaded with that free, topping loaded ism is a pizza reference. You say fully loaded in the truth. Sooner or later, all comes out for the first time. Starter is talking publicly about the firestorm that forced him to walk away from the company on there. He built into one of the nation's largest pizza chains. They made this all up. They fabricated it and shame on them. It all started in May of 2018 sinara admits he used the n-word during what was supposed to be an internal conference call on diversity, training. He used the n-word on a conference, call about diversity training because he got in trouble for using the n-word because he got yeah because he caught in trouble for saying racist stuff right then I mean I. Think I'm saying no! No, it wasn't he already in trouble before the n-word thing. No I, don't think so. But I mean it was diversity, training, yeah, not a good time to bring up the n-word I. Don't think, there's a really a good time to bring up the n-word and take that from me. As someone who said that n-word and uh it wasn't a good time, then either no stay away from that. One folks, do you think Papa John says then where when he does rap songs in the shower and I'm thinking, probably sister country music, he doesn't if I had to guess Garth Brooks, you think he says the n-word in country, music, yeah, all races, ass country, music, I like that, but says he did it to convey his hatred of racism. He says in charters use that as an opportunity to push him out. I just didn't know what what happened from people on the inside doing this I thought it would come from the outside and he's willing to name names, Steve, Ritchie and Lilly. Currently, the board of directors all used the black community in race as a way to steal the company and they stole the company and now they destroyed the company. Steve Ritchie was snotter's hand-picked replacement, but after years of friendship, the two were now is strangely Olivia curtly is a Papa John's board member living Carly and Mark Shapiro should be in jail. Well, that's that bad. What they've done is just and they've heard a lot of people. Ritchie resigned as CEO earlier this year, but Schneider is still critical of his former Protege is leadership. Everybody knows what that person's make it. Everybody knows last year that Steve Ritchie got six million dollars, plus 2.8 million, to leave and be quiet, and they got zero bonus. They all know that, and sooner or later they you know who wants to play that game in February understand what he was missing. I think. What are you saying is that all the lower workers are upset yeah because they brought in a new CEO and he gets paid like whatever he just said. 8 6.8 million seem like that much for the CEO of like the biggest pizza chain, but the workers from their perspective get nothing so I. Think that's what he's saying, but Papa John was making more than that and they were making the same amount of money. Then I in one year, papa he's like a millionaire for a CEO to get paid in one year and that's a lot CEOs like a lot of big companies. That's a lot I guess that is a lot by golly. My colleague, Jeff Smith was named chairman of the board and Schneider says: there's not a lot of common ground. The one thing he and I agree on is that Steve rich is not a CEO. We that's one thing we do agree on. The new CEO is former Arby's president Rob Lane. Oh, they brought in the RB CEO president Oh president, so he wasn't even which he calls him out. For that too. It's not even what are yo material do was gonna happen to Arby's without their president. What's gonna happen, man imagine poaching the dude from the wolf shittiest food on the planet, earth to come, work for your pizza place or didn't I start putting roast beef on there he's never been a CEO. He has no pizza. Experience he's never been in the pizza category, that's a dismal harpy's that feel like he doesn't have the passion for quality he's like have you had Arby's I love that he has never been the pizza category? He hasn't you can't just go from roast beef sandwiches to pizza. You got to be in the pizza category for at least ten years, but I have to say in Shatner's, Papajohn Shetty's defense. We have gotten Papa John's since he was ousted and it's not as good I swear. I got it weak, I wasn't even slide, wasn't even cut the pizza sucked. It was like a f tear when Papa John was in office with Bo in the house that Pizza wouldn't an a every time, sometimes SS careful with SS controversy. That's I mean that's up for John for Papa John to decide. If he's SS or not I've been watching a lot of Hitler documentaries on Netflix yeah. It's fascinating I was watching one about these war criminals who are like there were so many should I. Is this a tangent? But it's a plus material here, papa original. You know just as an aside quickly did you know that, like of the two million Nazi war criminals, who exterminated people like only 100 of them ever went to jail like the Germans? Didn't prosecute anybody? It's interesting, fascinating one men even say it's fascinating: okay, okay, bloomer. How dare you say that to me he doesn't have a passion for people all changes. Chartres says he hates people fashion front for people by the way Papa John Shetty's, the one when the health care reform committee bomb you know is that I refuse to raise my pizza prices by two cents to give my voice the health care coverage. Yeah talk about a passion for people, though so far he's called him out on not being CEO material, not caring about quality are being about people right and not even the pizza category and being in the pizza category. He's like when you look at him. What do you see a dry face? Looking at what do you see greasy wet I'm soaking, what that's? What pizza cat I look hot out of the shower, but the last time I shout was a week ago Blaine that you got a sweater. We don't that's right, which spy ring they've heard people that wake up every day and make this company great I mean it's a miserable place over there, I mean they're losing all their good people. This is good people. Does anybody specifically told you that and I love it cause about what they're miserable I've talked to every high-level executive? That's left it's like! Well, so many people on the streets yet exactly and we're talking to half a dozen executives, I mean they've lost more executives in the last 12 months than I did in 10 years and after years of touting better ingredients, better pizza Snyder says it's. Ultimately, the customers who are left with the bad taste in their mouths I've had over 40 pizzas in the last 30 days, and it's not the same pizza, Papa, Johnny boy here has this guy's my hero, 40 pizzas, over 30 days? How is that possible? Let Mesa go look at him. That means ten days of the last month. He had pizza twice, I, think he just hate orders: Papa John's, you know what I mean mmm interesting I think he's hate ordering Papa John's is like okay, let's see how, let's order it from this branch and this branch, you think in this very diverse, know that he doesn't work there anymore, yeah I, don't know what happens to the tip. No, the tips, not so big anymore, I, wonder if, because he was all proud of the Papa John calm and now it's not even his Ari tips them big and he's like joined the movement. I'm gonna cut net. You know what I was thinking. I was like dude, you're billionaire just go start another pizza joint, but I was like he can't even use his own name cuz they own his name dude. Today, Papa John, it's the name of the company. You should start one in the name of Bo Bo's in the house. Yeah I'd buy that I'd buy the effin, love and crap out of that the same product. It just doesn't taste as good the way they're making the pizza the way they're putting the pizza together is just not fundamentally sound to what makes the Papa John's Pizza Papa John's Pizza. It sounds like you're saying that that it's taking a huge hit since your departure. Would you ever consider or do you want to go back right now? I, don't want to go back, but this is still your baby. It's got your name on it, your point stuff. On it it's hard to watch this I mean every single thing. You can possibly do wrong to mismanage this company they're doing even pick the location, because everything is red you're on him yeah. Why would they shoot in this auditorium, whatever it is in stock and is no longer the largest individual shareholder? My metaphor is: there's no reason to be in the car when the car crashes, even if you love the car, if you were to walk back in there's no big car crashing, though cuz I remember when we checked the stock, it was going on up when they hired Shaq, which, by the way I think Shaq I, haven't seen him on a Papa John. It's in a while I mean I've not heard of Papa John's Pizza, since you left, quite frankly, Papa John stock price. Oh, let's look at year-to-date other there they're doing good. Actually, oh they're on the rebound, but man yeah Papa I, mean sorry to tell you John. You slammed that stock. Like sure this is the stock in the last five years, this they were killing it. This was Papa John City then also a Shatner starts, dropping the n-word and diversity training and then, like yeah I'll, see you later and then this is when they hired Shaq. Everyone loves Shaq, oh, but maybe we don't like Shaq and the pizza stuff, but then suddenly, I don't know what happened. Arby's president came to a picture. Rob Lynch is the CEO actually that the big drop was in 2017 right right here, yeah yeah, the the n-word controversy, was in 2018 sure he was actually dropping before that. So it's that little I know that's why they fired him. Though cuz he was already blowing it cuz. He was. There was a lot of Papa John controversy right. I refresh myself way down the NFL. Nfl was Bo. He said he didn't want people in he'll because it was affecting pizza sales. One [, __, ], shut up idiot, that's broke. You want to control what the NFL does, because you're shut up, because he was a big sponsor of the NFL and he felt like their business was suffering because of the association, because controversy going on yes, yeah, that's when they started to you know, there's a lot of stocks to buy on the market. I just can't imagine investing a Papa John's to become with they were doing it's just I. Don't know you want to be in the pizza game me I'm, not in the pizza category like owning Jule stock or some [ __ ]. It's like it's! The pizza category you're right, okay, let's get back to the NS CEO. What do you think the employees would say if the management team was out, leave and I went back, you know they'd, be they be cheering, maybe even backflips they'd be bouncing off the walls. I'm now was up on the street says he's committed to giving back. He recently made big donations to Simmons a historically black college and his alma mater Jeffersonville High School. This is Jeff hi. There I started mistake John. He made donations to black colleges and that's what the shirt is to. Okay, oh, but you know that it looks like that because he made them change it to look like puppets on Jersey. He bought them on. The observation is that we're gonna change everything to red, yeah I mean Papa. John has weight here too right, it's identical, I would just say, stay tuned. The day of reckoning will come boom. The record will be straight. Why not set the record straight now, I mean what is it about the record? A sincerely sorry stay to the joke: costume stay tuned sooner than later. The day of reckoning is that man, maybe it's a boy working on a new brand- he says the more he says the truth will come out, though. So it's some kind of expose did I never works out whenever people say that they got nothing. Matt Hoss said that, like five years, yeah I'll still wait. Just wait, you know, would be epic if Papa John just murdered a bunch of people and that's what he was talking about. They're like damn. We should have known the day of reckoning. Is that an? How would Papa John check out what dance and dominoes stock yeah it's blown away by how valuable dominant stock is in comparison? Oh wow dude what $300 for share? Oh, they took a [ __ ], though. Let's look at that. Let's see if there's any correspondence, Oh Domino's is killing it huh. Well, yeah wow they really. Since 2016 I was a good time to buy Domino's seriously holy [ __ ] and three years, their stock value tripled Domino's is good. I got to tell you: I've been getting Domino's huh, a pizza, no dominoes dominoes, dominoes pizza, [, __, ] and little seizures. So there you go puppies in the house, he's making threats and what can I say, that's meme quality Mikey. Can you can't do an interview without shaking the whole world dude? It was all over 3,000 views and when I woke up this morning, is that six million I think I? Think in in Papa John's mind he thinks that people are just the public cares about his story and not the fact that he just looks like a greasy, sweat pizza. It doesn't matter not to Papa. Just why does the Papa John come on? The show I think there was a moment when he we were able to maybe get him no. Never when there was somebody that reached out. That said that they can maybe get him on yeah. We yeah be able to say that kind of stuff- oh yeah, well, I, wish it well. I just want the old pee Papa John Pizza back cuz right now it sucks it really does suck Pizza has taken a strong lead in the Pizza wars and the day reckoning is at hand just fire bombs. Papa John headquarters kills 300 people blocks all the doors from the outside. We're like wow, that's what he meant. Ok, fascinating! Now, let's move on. Let's talk about you, nice. We gotta take a break that was really when we come back. We're gonna close the book on shoenice. We got to decide. What are we gonna do about the shoenice situation? How do we address this? What do we think about this and a special little twist that you guys are gonna love, stay tuned? Do not look away. The day of reckoning is coming right after this commercial break. It's that time of year again time to share smiles and good times with friends and family and, of course, to exchange gifts. How about you give yourself a gift, though the gift of self-confidence, and how do you get that by having straighter brighter teeth with help from candid candids aligners will help straighten your teeth faster and cheaper than traditional wire braces treatments. Take just six months on average and cost 65% glass. An experienced orthodontist who is licensed in your state creates a custom treatment plan, and then they show you a 3d preview. So you can see how your teeth will look after they are done, and let me tell you folks, beautiful brighter more loveable, you'll be more loveable, I hate to say it. Candids aligners are comfortable removable and completely invisible. I am so jealous of the fact that people will be able to take it out when they eat and put it back in afterwards. There's no hassle of going to North Adonis office, candid ships, your aligners directly to you, plus in this season of giving candid donates $25 with each aligner purchase, 2 smile train, who brings safe 100% free, cleft, lip and palate treatments to children around the globe. Give yourself the gift of candid: go to candid: cocom, / h3 and use code h3 for $75 off. That's CA and D ID co.com / h3 code h3 for $75 off candid co.com, /, h3 coated c: let's go baby, do you know the effect of good linen, not just on your body, soul and mine and sleep? But when you bring a girl over this holiday season and you've got that fireplace going and that rhenium linen not that target [ __ ], not that crap, that your mom bought you and you were 12 that you still use. You know what I'm talking about. No, this is grown-up adult beautiful, linen that's what Brooklyn is all about Ella? How do you like our Brooklyn and I love it? It feels like a cloud. That's it make your home. Beautiful is the ultimate form of self-care, and when you sleep you sleep amazing, you spend one third of your life in sheets. Don't you want it to be insanely comfortable, Brooke linen sheets were winner of the best online bedding category by Good, Housekeeping, raving reviews from Business Insider, Apartment, Therapy and men's health and ela Kline 35,000, five-star reviews more than any other online bedding company and half a million happy sleepers Bank County, founded in early 2014 by husband and wife, Vicky and rich Fulop, who wanted to find beautiful home essentials that didn't cost an arm and a leg. Their mission to make you comfortable and to get you laid that I put in that's not those are my words, not theirs. Brooklyn and sheets are the most comfortable sheets. I've slept on and I'm, not just saying that, because it's written down here I actually do believe. That's true and their towels have turned my bathroom into a spa. I, don't reckon I, couldn't recommend them more for friends, family or treating yourself to upgrades. You deserve Brooklyn and calm is giving an exclusive offer. Just from my listeners get 10% off and free shipping when you use the promo code HD at Brooklyn and calm Brooklyn is so confident in the product and there's in the sheets and comforters and towels that they come with a lifetime warranty. The only way to get 10% off in free shipping is to use a promo code h3 at Brooklyn and Comm. That's BR, oh okay, L I and II n comm promo code, h3 Brooklyn. These are the best sheets ever hey guys. We're back people always ask why we running if we're not live. Why do we act like we're live catch? My breath, because I was running because we are live technically. We are basically recorded like we're live, so the deal is that we want to. We want to get it all done at once. So then, there's no editing so Ian back there is live, switching and clicking and then, when we're done boom, it's done and we upload it and I like the live, feel it's raw. It's live! It's the same, show you we don't edit it there's! No cuts. I might just go off the rails right now, but I'll keep it in. We don't cut right, Dan right 99% of time we have yeah. We should all the stores we have had to cut yeah. What did we cut before we've cut when when we knew something was gonna get hit for copyright? Okay, yeah? Actually you know, what's great is the reason that we're actually not doing it live yeah because people get blocking it, not claiming it blocking it right and we have sponsors. So we can't afford to just not have the video up so now. What we do is we upload it unlisted and we can see if there's any claims. If there are any claims, we just cut it out and then upload it the next day you go, but it's live baby. We are here run into the bathroom running out of breath. It's all happening, shoenice, now a lot of people a lot of people in space, and why did shoenice flip on you yeah? He was clearly happy to be on the show when he was here, but then, after the show it was all about. I trolled h3 ethan is such a dick. You know, I got him, I always went and we were wondering like what his that was. That part was intact, but he keeps going with it and it's looking like I, don't know anymore. Just doesn't look right whatever is going on well, there was one really insightful comment. Actually that I'll read to you guys. That is the most plausible explanation that I've seen so here it is. This was written by Ken, Tama shoenice, possibly has borderline personality, disorder or bipolar again, I'm, not here to diagnose the guy, but the rest. The rest is what makes sense. My father's very similar with mood swings. Shoenice is probably angry that you touched on some very personal and touchy issues for him and that it was all a troll video was his way of trying to broadcast a sense of control of the issue to show that he isn't embarrassed or weak, and that he's a winner. It's probably a mindset that he has subconsciously bought into over the years in order to stay afloat and keep his life moving again. I've seen the same behavior from my father, who had very similar life experiences, this shoenice aka, broken family, drug and alcohol abuse war trauma and, from my perspective, he's angry that you were able to get so close to his personal demons and feels humiliated that people are pitying him I realize just now that I initially wrote the wrong disorder. This is an edit I'm just committed. Now, though, they can share a lot of similarities depending on the circumstance. Well, you know what, let's not read the whole edit but I thought. That was an interesting analysis that he's embarrassed or he doesn't want he's overcompensating, so he doesn't feel weak or pitied or something so that's his way to take control of the situation and it's mine he's like I told you I wasn't so and furthermore he seems to be obsessed with the fact that we didn't even pay him from a trade straight I'm in a train station in Denver, Colorado and I got you bro, I love that bought me a four loco by the way. There's this crazy channel called shoenice deleted videos with like the most dedicated hater of all time, jealous and frustrated. Shoenice wants undeserved payout from h3h3 after almost 0 bumps and views I wonder if she, oh nice deleted is sure nice himself if he'd, what if it's? Oh, that was my theory I think she nights is shoenice deleted video, because who would be this dedicated yeah and then so he'll posted on shoenice erase it and then reposted the shoenice deleted and I wonder if in his mind he thinks he's getting double views or something but they're also like if he is. If this is this channel, it's super depressing because look at the titles shoenice is mad at h3h3 and he's on the streets. Pretending he's famous jealous and frustrated. Shoenice wants undeserved payout shoenice drunk humiliated damage control after HD podcast embarrassment, I, don't know the titles are like super brutal yeah. The whole thing is just kind of I. Just don't know his world was going on. Yeah, shoenice, humiliation, damage control, part, 1. Sure nice is pissed that h, straights tree exposed and humiliated him I. Don't think we humiliated him. That's the bad thing: no, we didn't humiliate him. I thought we all had a good time, yeah and so I feel, like only in his mind. He would he see it that way. I don't think, there's anyone that cares enough to do this except him. I feel that this has to be shoenice, but be that as it may, he's clearly upset that we didn't pay him first time we don't pay any of our guests, but we wanted to find a way to compensate him. We wanted to find a way to bury the hatchet, and so what we did is we went over to shoenice his cameo and we purchased everybody here in the office, a cameo from shoenice to celebrate this holiday season, Danny and Zach ela and myself all got a special shoenice cameo. So guys, if you want your own shoenice cameo, you know where to go: it's cameo dot, scott, ever [, __, ] cameo, but shouts assurance so Dan. This is for you, so listen boy, yeah enjoy hey. Daniel, knows everything about editing. Yeah Logan Paul tried to comp him and look at his podcast a joke. Were you gonna do either way thanks for buying me Danny's guys, tink ya, know each cameo cost 10 bucks, so we gave him 50 bucks. Essentially, although I wonder what cameos cut is a good point like 25% or something probably yeah might be less I was he he got real nice in the cameras. I was expecting more [, __ ] talk, he just [ __ ] talks, Logan Paul and like every cameo, for some reason, there's one for Ian in happy Holidays to you from show night, hey everyone shoenice again. Well, basically, this is a shout out to intern Ian. The dude is no joke, but you better listen to Daniel. He will bust your ass, like you, give us Jake Paul's ass there from whatever that thing was called yeah yeah, but he really put a lot of effort in today's I'm happy to see Zach happy holidays from shoenice and um. Listen up this one's for you Zach everyone shoenice again! Well. Basically, this is a shout-out to Zack one of the greatest producers anywhere known on any podcast Wow. That I can pull he's nuts yeah yeah there you have it! Your cameo turned quickly into an insult to Logan Paul I'm honored. You should be yellow. This is once for you. I got worried about this one because you kept making really weird sexual comments about ela, but I think he kept it clean for you, though. Hey everyone shoenice again. Well, basically, this cameo is just a shout out. My really good friend Neil, a really good writer way that prettiest girl on YouTube makes jenna Marbles. Look like a poodle either. By doing what oh wait, I got me killed yeah he what's it almost got me killed him Oh, probably because he was saying rude: [, __, ] wrong. Everyone almost killed him I, don't know, but I find that he has a hard time complimenting somebody without insulting somebody. I know it's like you're the best, and this person is worse compared to you, so Jenna Marbles I'm not sure what she did to incur the wrath of the shoe and me I was most nervous of all for this. One I was expecting like ethan klein. This is your address. I'll see you tonight at 10:00, 8:00 p.m. no, but he hey everyone. Shoenice again well, basically, I just want to shout out my boy Ethan good boy, Jake Paul and his brother. Here's the song here, oh yeah, all right, I, wouldn't I'd, be lying. I, think it's time to put the shoe in the box to pay less by the way um um, it's so funny. On cameo, oh dude he's got a [ __ ] ass load. He sold 500 review. That's a lot. This guy's active four point: nine stars to the man, love Shoei um. The weird thing about cameo is that every cameo they make is public. You can watch them on his neck, so determined dog shoe. Yes, in a way, it's good to keep people from getting weird on the platform. Actually, that's all very transparent. It's right there. It's actually up to the person ordering whether or not you want it to be. No, because they're they're celebrities I mean and if they do show their dick, then you get what you paid for I'm, just not sure. If that's what can you know, why show me his dick for 10 bucks? Maybe for 20 I don't do I, have the option of paying more damn I didn't see, I didn't see a way yeah, it's just an extent. There's no negotiating I'll say show me your dick or buy another one he's actually making a lot of money from this. Let's see what this who's, this guy YouTube star, Cameron Karl, let's see what he has to say to his fans. I love this [ __ ] dude. Can you start closer to your face? What is this if you want to shout for your birthday, Christmas whatever, but you know, speaking of so that's it we're. As ela said this time to put the shoe back in the box. Are we getting a refund? Are we just putting at Natick? I just storage? Some? Did you save the receipt? No, are you donating it to Goodwill? Are you keeping it I, just put it in a storage unit, sword unit. That means it'll probably go in the garbage in a couple of years, but you're not ready just yet yeah yeah. What kind of shoes are they like? Like Nikes adidas, it's like used up Reebok, not good. Yeah Reebok used lots of mileage lot of mileage. Yeah speaking of cameo, one of my favorite stories of the decade came out of cameo. You remember mark McGrath from Sugar Ray popular band when I was a kid bad, app, I'm, bumper how's it going every morning's and combated embedded it that you know that song I just got claimed because I was so pretty perfect every morning as ransom, bad medicine bit. You guys know what I'm singing right touch. No a baby, don't say a word every morning shut the door baby, don't say a word Sugar Ray. Every girl wanted to all the guys wanted to be him and all the girls wanted to [ __ ], and now he now he all a lot of these handsome guys, I'm I found. You know they say the trope is that men, age, more gracefully than women and I and I and I would say that you know I see the blood they mean by that. But a lot of these pretty boys try so desperately to hold on to their looks and they don't. They refuse to age, gracefully and I think now they don't embrace the aging yes and they still try to look like when they were eggs. Back then rule bro he's like 50 and he still got frosted tips like that. That's doesn't work anymore, I'm Frost, the tips. You know what I'm saying but so mark McGrath is on cameo for $100. By the way his net worth is estimated at like 8 million mm-hmm. Why the [ __ ]? Would you do a cameo for a hundred bucks, but wait see you watch I, don't know everyone is on carrion, so it's so easy. Just do it in your spare time dude seeing it's it's public! It's like dog, you're, not okay, I! Don't know it's good for some people, but it's like your mind. Come on Sugar Ray, it's kind of great for a lot of people like tuna. You know, consider doing cameo, Danny and Zac, it's great for you guys. You guys world, make some money on that, and you see so just a minute ago. You said I wouldn't do it, but they should do it. I just think it's not it's! Not! For you, without you know, cameo man I want to see you guys on cameo I'll. Do it back? You could play little tunes for people 25 bucks Ian. Would you do it I'm cool? Thank you, Wow, okay, - good, exactly what is that? Would you eat like a spoonful of mayo for 25? No, that happy birthday anyway, mark McGrath accepted a cameo request for a hundred dollars a girlfriend wanted to break up with her boyfriend via mark McGrath, his favorite band. So imagine getting this cameo from your favorite artist, saying that your girlfriend wants to break up with you. I mean you got to see this. It's like it's amazing. It is mark McGrath from the band sugar ray off the charts, but always in your hearts is oh by the way all of his cameos. He says off the charts, but always in your heart, hey thanks! Bro he's like branding himself. Are they off the charts? I mean I, don't think they've been on? They are off the charts. Oh, is that, but in your heart, okay, so he's yeah I thought he was saying like off the chart. No off the chart, okay, so I approve that I like it. What do you think about the hair? You look and I feel like I'm, watching a fear factor. You know it's like. Oh look like timepiece a timepiece fun. So let's watch this cameo was booked by Cheyenne and she wants you to know a few things because it's the first one of these I've done. But she wants you to know that you mean a lot to her. You mean the world to her but she's having difficulty staying in this long-distance relationship. I'm, you know it's tough I've been on the road for years and I've been with my wife a long time and the biggest arguments the biggest you know. Obstacles in our relationships is the distance between us. It makes it very difficult when around the road and it's hard so Cheyenne is trying to let you know brain that it's very, very tough for her to stay in this relationship. She still cares about you a lot. You never know what the future may hold and she still wants to be friends with you, because, obviously she cares did she give him all that information he must, but I think he is improvising. Like you, don't know, yeah there's not an ounce of humor in this. That's what's striking to me is that he sees himself as a legitimate mediator here and it keeps going man he just he keeps going but I understand. You know you gotta work on your thesis and life goes on and you know I'm sure, there's big things ahead of you in the future Braden, but Cheyenne cares about you got a great day. Let you know I wonder if he's gonna get a slew of breakup video requests now I kind of want to get one for you for April Fool's, video from a divorce, [ __, ] breakup, a divorce, video from mark McGrath, hey Ethan, so ela wanted to tell you that she has given me the papers, yeah and I do have a black pen here for you, you just need to sign this. The papers are in your nightstand. Eva has moved out already. Here's the address it's already pre and look: is this maybe a little hard but you'll get over it? You know maybe she'll come back. You don't know, there's the slight issue. She did run off with shoenice I'd be worried. Mark McGrath told me, you ran off with shoenice I'll, be like mark McGrath and shoe Knights have deducted my wife and she wants you to stay positive. They pogchamp is my law knows that you're, a fan of the band Sugar Ray, which I'm honored I wish I, was delivering you good news. Hopefully, I can see you back good enough, fake hello, you're, a fan of Howard Stern I'll ask Howard to the poor's bro. You could have said. No, it's just a hundred bucks just say no, it's a weird request. Sometimes you have to do the long-distance things a little difficult, but she wishes you nothing, but the best all the love in the world and do do do do your best on that thesis. Man I know it's a it's. Tough in the holiday season is trying to correlation ships and all that stuff man. But you got big things that how do you bro, if you're working on a thesis you've got a good life in front of you? I've worked on me and I'm, no puppy student be positive. Bro all right be positive, bro all right. Well, she definitely got our minds worth. What are you guys are thoughts on that unbelievable? This is cameo and taking on a new level. That's not yeah! If that's not what cameo was made for him know what it was. I got: delivering bad news to a cameo. Sorry to tell you this. We just got word that your mother has passed away. It was a quick, but I did hear that you're, a fan of me so you're a fan of me. So we thought that would soften the blow so I'm honored that your fan. But yes, this your mother is dead. So would they already had the funeral? They didn't want to tell you you know, and it is your fault that that Mexican food you made for her was too spicy and she blew out her colon, so she apparently broke up because of their long distance. The kind of sounds like an excuse- yeah. Of course it's an excuse. You got mark McGrath, so someone's phone- oh yes, phone is not muted I swear to god. It's on. Do not disturb you. No it's not when I, because we just heard it podcast my phone started ringing. - and smellin do not disturb. We always then always says everyone put your phone on mute. You didn't always says. Yes, it's muted! Every morning, there's a matter thinka matter that that butter that da da da oh I was looking to mark McGrath's. He even plays music for people for a hundred bucks. He does, like private, shows it's crazy man that guy hustles. Let me look at mark McGrath's um, and how long are those videos, dude they're, all super long yeah but I mean super long for a cameo, but under two minutes right? Are you defending the hundred bucks for two minutes or work? Good I guess I know, but he's like what you keep saying that he's got a net worth is six million, but how much income does he have in 20 years? Residuals from mark McRae he's got a lot of work now he's also gonna, like TV, like extra or something like that, like daytime TV, a judge on some real good smart from the band sugar, a off the charts, but always in your hearts and I understand from your friend Lisa that it was just your one at year and I wanted to play, I mean what is under bursaries. Congratulations one year: it's not damn it! They don't. Let me play it all at once: hey Christian! What's up my brother, it's mark McGrath from the band sugar ray off the charts from the cars in your hearts and I just want to say a very happy birthday today, you're turning 40 well done, my friend the 40's a good day, [Music] [Laughter], [Music], [Music] [Music], hitting all those buttons cause their feet, didn't walk out so I gotta turn everything off too much epicness to it. For a mark, McGrath's earring, every Sunday. It is embackment bow of his hair really because I was I had like hair insecurity, because I have curly, hair and I was always so jealous cuz back when I was a kid, it was all about straight yeah out, frosted tips, spiky hair and no I was so insecure about my hair mark McGrath young you're, gonna you're gonna want to [ __ ] young mark McGrath. Tell me that you don't want to [ __ ] young mark McGrath. He kind of looks like a dish. Come on. You don't want to [ __ ] young mark McGrath I like it just me. You don't wanna [ __ ] young mark McGrath, the holy war on gays, oh [, __, ]! That's what it says! I'm the magazine covered that he's on I. Don't know I mean yes, yeah, I, think that is style today. It just really doesn't he had he didn't? He never switched the style yeah. This was cool in the 90s or whenever he was Oh to see now, he's now he's. What do you think about that it? His nips are really like, showing with a lot of tattoos. You know they got successful on a fluke. It was a fluke song. What does that mean so like when they they were originally a punk band and they came out with this song fly, which is like I just wanna fly. That's where that's omputer! Oh, is that like a goof song in the exactly was Jenny became the goof exactly he got lost in the thaw. Exactly so that's why they made that like reggae type either, do you like the frosted tips and goatee look or not I hate the girl thing. The goatee was such a thing. That's my problem. Such an awesome. Look back then yeah. What is this put your shirt down? Look at this picture of Ashton Kutcher. Why doesn't let me scroll up man I like it I, can't you guys it doesn't. Let me go up all right. I'm out, I, don't know, look at Ashton Kutcher. Just with this shirt up like who'd you rather [ __, ], mark McGrath or Ashton Kutcher go ahead. Is it not obvious? No I, don't know I, think rooster. Oh you write, it stir. Hmm, no insane I won't fly. I! Think! That's kind of like unquestionable no he's um, he was a model yeah yeah, but he's also wasn't what what did he do? Something like that? Okay just looks like I did with the goatee. Yeah, hmm, don't know insecure. Since you said you want to [ __ ], oh sure, I, don't mind if I can do one just being on. Let's get off this well. Don asked me this question. King, no I'm glad you answered honestly. It was interesting. Jesus we'd, rather [, __, ] astronaut, you're too nice. Honestly, let's not use the f-word, no I'm kidding I'm, not insecure, I'm. Just deeply disappointed. Cuz you're, secretly into um mark mark I want to I want to I was jealous of his hair because back then in middle school. Second, if I only had frosted tips and short hair I would have a girlfriend right now and the reason that I'm not don't have a girlfriend. Cuz I have curly hair only yeah, but today who's got the better hair. You there you go [ __ ], you mark [, __, ] ass, on cameo, loser I should make him say, like you've got the best hair mark McGrath. Congratulations on having awesome hair. You cannot be super jealous now. You know. Well that was fun if you guys, by the way, come up on any other crazy cameos I want them. I live for these candies I want to just inject it into my veins. I love crazy, wacky, crazy. That is what else we got. Star Wars, okay, Mandalorian amazing I love the Mandalorian. It feels like Star Wars. It feels like Star Wars everything about it. It's gritty! It's awesome, it's not overly campy. As perfectly can't be it's fun. It's exciting! It's got baby Yoda, I would literally I. Think I would kill my cousin for baby Yoda, a cousin I would kill a cousin I was I, was going down the list of family members like mom, no dad like well. No, not really. He is my dad. After all, and then I was a cousin yeah I'd killed cousin I, probably kill all of them for baby Yoda. What is the what's? The scenario: why would you if someone was like you hat you, here's a gun, you have to kill one or the other, hmm I would kill my cousin for sure. I would probably kill my whole extended family, you're gonna buy that baby you'd emerge chain, but the reason that I'm talking about how great the Mandalorian is is because the new, the final Star Wars of the new trilogy, the rise of Skywalker came out and I have to say: I, don't [, __ ] care about this stupid-ass trilogy these movies, the mandalorian as far as I'm aware, is the new Star Wars like watch how stupid the [, __ ] is and I'm so over. These movies watch y'all dumbasses they release this being like. Oh, this is awesome. This is a hyper click. First of all, this feels like a generic action movie. No, that's all it is and you'll see the dialogue just makes me want to die [Music]. Why would it do that, like that? The new make sense, I hate that I hate that it's awful it's horrible? It's not funny. I hit all those characters and, by the way, the guy who's driving the thing who's like they fly now and the first one he was fine and the second one. He was so obnoxious, so unlikable I hate that character, I hate everybody there I hate the [, __ ]. Even local actors know the character, yeah, the actor I've, no beef with ya. You know in the mandalorian. It's all perfect, amazing, uncontrived, well great pace, episode and thrilling story. It's so good! I, like it I like it. I like it. I like it, I like I, like I, like I, like it I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it, I I'm over it I'm over it, I like it I'm over it, I like I'm over it I like a kiss cheers, cheers Cheers I, like it I'm over it, I like it I'm over it Cheers fascinating over years. Doesn't this look so awful? It's so I I saw it and I immediately erased it from my memory, I'm so glad that they made the mandalorian and I'm so glad they gave it to John. Far for it's his name Avril Favreau, because this is a Talent. This is a guy who lives in British, Star, Wars and comic books and fantasy. This is a guy who who cares about the craft and the Star Wars universe, he honors the Star Wars that people know and love. This is a bastardization. This should never have been made. The Mandalorian is the real Star, Wars I love it I approve. This is trash, I hate everything about it. They fly now and we still haven't seen the bill bar cameo, oh yeah, bill, burr, Mandalorian I'm, waiting for that enemy of the show. You know you say friends of the show bill, burrs enemy of the show, I'm kidding. Of course, no Neela's like mmm enemy at the show. That's a very American [Applause] [Music] I want to know why they're I mean I, guess maybe I'll make sense in the movie, but as for [ __, ] stormtroopers, why are they running away from four stormtroopers I know those guys can't shoot for [ __ ] and raise a [, __, ], Jedi, No right just own them just take out your lightsaber and murder them there's, probably more back. There do some 11. Who cares the movie sucks? They are awful. I mean the last Star Wars was joy. Look at trailers! This is awful, there's just a teaser. It's not really a trailer I like a Z I hate it I'm over it. I like it too slow, Zack. So um you guys all been watching Mandalorian right, yup, I'm, caught up love, it hate it think it's okay I'm still liking. It then are you starving? It's true. Are you just eating? I heard you live up to the man. Man? Are you starving, I'm hungry? It's true. We starting late again he's always eating chips back here, yeah, it's it's authentic. What flavor you got, these spicy queso they're gonna say, are a little it's a little disappointing. The jalapeno ones we're good I'm getting a while before your heart. I know. I'd me too meeting way too many of these chips. That's right! You're, healthy boy, you're vegetarian! You know what it is. It's like with the I quit the! No that's true appetite suppressant. Well, that's got to be better for you than that slamming chips and I think maybe it's true might be a net neutral, we're all very proud of you by the way. Good in banking, that's great news: don't go and die on me. I mean I need. You died like from a heart attack from eating or what I mean ships no from vaping? Oh, oh, don't go get a double lung transplant that happened to some poor bastard. Who was vaping. You had to get a double lung transplant, no I think I. Think it's been pretty much confirmed now that it was. It was all down to the THC stuff, not the not the drool pods by year, but don't lie you've been. You were spooked to smoke that [ __ ] a little bit, but I also just wanted to quit. So it was, it was sort of like the last little push yeah. It was a good reason to finally do it. I mean I started doing month right, it's been longer than yeah dan stop when we was already running at that point, I think that was the last day that I completely cool Star Wars. Oh, this is a this. Is such an awesome story, I'm, not even -. You know incredible. It's amazing! It's like entertaining! It's got twists. It's got turns. This is something that you think only happens in movies, but the biggest jewelry heist in history took place recently and traced in Museum. It's estimated that the thieves grabbed a billion euros, a billion euros worth of jewels. That's insane! It's like the biggest heist. By far of all time. It's so incredible! I've got these visual aids. Here: here's an amateur album as I as I, so here's the case that they, this was like the biggest collection of medieval jewelry owned by kings and all this in Europe, and you could see that wasn't necessarily medieval was more like 18th century yeah. Honestly, oh this! This by the way, look at this one million dollar coin: whoa! Isn't that awesome? They stole that [ __ ] by so look at this diamond. Oh look at this [ __ ], okay, nice whoa, that's a surah! But what can you doing it now? Oh so I'll get to that- and this is like some huge teardrop diamond pen- oh my god, so they stole all this [ __, ] and so much more a billion dollars. Let me read you that the facts of this here there's a video of it um. Let me play the video cuz. There's! No sound and I'll. Read you the the facts, jack! So here they are. The details of this heist is amazing and my favorite, the green vault. My favorite part of this heist is that they were reportedly extraordinarily tiny people right because there was just a hole they pried open in the bars was the size of a head huh. So they they. You know like in these heist movies. They go and get like some Vietnamese from Jesus. It really uh some hot little twink, oh yeah. They literally did that in Ocean's eleven yeah they got, they got a little Vietnamese like trapeze twink, really yeah suitcase yeah, and so they they literally did that. That's all that should do so. So let me read you. The details. Thieves in German city of Dresden have broken into one of Europe's largest collections of art treasures, making off with three sets of eighteenth-century jewelry of immeasurable worth, and what Germany has described as the biggest such theft of all time. The popular German daily build says the thieves grabbed jewels worth 1 billion euros. The dramatic heist took place on Monday after a fire broke, here's where it gets crazy, a fire broke out and an electrical disturbance, deactivated the museum's alarms and plunged the area into darkness. German media described the strikingly small thieves who managed to get through a tiny hole to enter the vault as leaving behind bulky objects such as vases and pain. Mmm-Hmm. The correspondent for german broadcast described the whole. The thieves got through as being no larger than my head. That's crazy! The thieve, the break-in only lasted a few minutes. The emergency call was made at 5:59 a.m. the police arrived at 5:05 a.m. six minutes afterwards, but may 6 six minutes later. Five. Four five I understand that I said it wrong. 559 a.m. and the police arrived at 5:05 a.m. they say that right. No, you didn't know how do 5:05 know four one: nine five Oh. What did I say: 59, ok, 459. They arrived at 505, 6 minutes. Ok, now it makes the police arrived a mere 6 minutes after the emergency called, but the thieves had already fled the scene Wow investigators ago for oh, so the investigators linked the same gang stole a estimated 4.5 million dollar coin from the Museum of Berlin in 2011. That was third item. 17 did this and the heist the burglars used a ladder to steal the huge gold coin featuring the bust of Queen Elizabeth, the second? That's when I showed you I think on the front from the bode museum, according to the build up to a billion euros worth of treasure was stolen. I already said that extras of the museum who once boasted that the collection was a secure, as Fort Knox said today, that the items stolen were of immeasurable wealth and pleaded for the thieves not to destroy them so get there, because the pieces are so famous, there's no way that they could sell those yeah. What market listen to this manager for the art auction house told the tabloids that, if the objects stolen had a value of a billion euros as initially estimated by the police, even if they were broken down and melted to the raw materials, they would still be worth a hundred to two hundred million, which makes it well worth stealing them. Isn't that just the raw materials the building was being patrolled by two guards in the center of the building. According to German media, the first officer arrived on the scene within minutes, but that these have already fled in a get a getaway car that was waiting outside, which managed to elude immediate attempts to find it in the surrounding area and on nearby highways. The police told reporters police later confirmed that a out e86 matching the description of the getaway car was found burned in an underway parking lot and raised him. Isn't that insane they blew the fuse? They somehow put the fire out a fire and put the power out. Had this getaway car, they sell fire so really like oceans dude they got in six minutes, they disappeared. They had the whole city locked down, and these guys had this crazy getaway route and they were unable to find them a billion dollars the outter, so the plater can free yada-yada-yada investors. The investigators suspect that the fire and of an electrical junction box near the museum which took out the street lights at the time of the robbery, was linked to the crime. The outage affected lights in front of the window, which they gained entrance and somehow getting through bars and safety glass to reach the jewel room police said they have established a special investigating team comprising 20 specialist officers to solve the case. My only question is this: when does the movie come out? I wonder even if they wanted to just sell the materials if they would still get caught, because the material sound, really rare, here's, what I would really miss if ik and I'm sure they're much smaller, smarter than I am melts it all down to the base materials and then sell them all over the place. You know they like a really raw diamond or really unique, shaped diamond I. Think I saw another article where they they guessed, that the diamonds would probably they would recut them. You can just read sad ham. That is sad. Yeah I mean these are precious, that it is sad that they are, but at the same time, I'm kind of stoked for them isn't that sick? They got these little Vietnamese twinks to crawl between the bars I mean I hate that they're gonna ruin this crazy jewelry. What historic, but I am kind of stoked for them. I like to watch it as a movie, but I, don't like it in reality, because you know in the movie they'd be like cool and charismatic. You know in them rooting for me and Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio. You know yeah directed it sucks yeah. In reality, they probably like [ __ ] killed people. There are some like super rich people that would buy this stuff like to put in their own collection. I. Don't think you I think it was a way too risky to buy the the actual. The actual piece I mean if there's a serious investigation, if I'm assuming they would be looking but yeah I. Think they're gonna melt that it's worth 200 million bucks mm-hmm damn now that's a payday, though it's just crazy that this stuff actually happens. Yeah! Hmm, it's amazing I'm! Just thinking about these little twinks and uh I, wonder if they had Paul McGrath or Paul McGrath mark McGrath's, hair and I'm. Just wondering would you want to [ __ ], a little Vietnamese twink with Paul McGrath or mark McGrath's airhole nah, no baby? No for deer hunting season is open in Wisconsin, you'll, be happy to know, yellow and in the opening weekend alone, four people were shot. Thank you keep shooting each other, isn't that amazing I think more people got shot than deer. At least four people were shot in Wisconsin during the state's opening weekend of deer hunting one a 38 year old man was hunting and needy yeah I hate pronouncing like when I see some a word. For the first time, I've got like oxd I get like existential dread, because I know I can't read it. Oh and eid aight. How do you pronounce that? I don't know what would you use for what, when you get eggs existential? Oh, are you one expecting angst? Okay, fine, it's like some egyptian. Does it use or something? No, it's not almost that I get in it. I get existential office. Every time I heard and correct me uh. Twenty eight year old man was shot in the foot. What did you send me dead? A donk okay [Music]. What is this? Some stupid, Star Wars [ __ ] get off my screen. Oh my god, I can't close it Dan I'm having lost I, can't close it. Why? What is this? [, __, ]? Okay, no I, good, doesn't work. I mean what the [ __ ] I'm, not watching your [ __ ], you know, I might skip that movie. I might just straight-up skip it. I'm serious [, __, ], Star, Wars, I'm, Mandalorian, all the way. At 38 year, old man was shot in the foot. The same thing happened: 29 year old woman I shot a hunter shot at a running deer and struck a 19 year old woman, the left hand. Another man can you imagine you're, like oh hi, mom whoops, oh hi mark another man was shot while deer hunting, the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, asking for the public's help in the case, which is still under investigation. More people got shot than deers. Oh, that's my nose! A joke! I wrote myself: they should rename it human season. I wrote what I wrote more people got shot in deers. They should rename it humans season, they Shanee season, who famously shot his friend in the face during deer season. Did you know that yellow eye the vice-president, his homie, in the face it was duck, hunting, Oh, duck hunting, excuse me and then, and then Dick Cheney made back I apologized to him for a while eh yeah for standing in the way yeah for causing him grievance, Andy, Dick, Cheney, Dick, Cheney sued him I, don't think I know I, don't think he sued him. Dick Cheney said apologize, I'll finish the job Wow. But what happens if you shoot someone? Is that not a crime? Can you just go murder vice president dude, but now seriously, if you're deer hunting, can you just go shoot people it's like all good? It's like whoops I mean if it's an act like you're already Monday field. No one cares about you who's to say, accident from attempted murder, Dan oops. You know I'm, saying yeah and that's that what that's? What I tell the judge? You have a good point. Thank you. But let's put that aside and let's just enjoy this story because I think it's great I agree: I, don't like people don't mind like when someone dies at the hands of like a or like a tiger or elephant I'm like dude you're [ __ ] dead, bro, you got owned. It's so outrageous that these hunters think, like they Trump the Trump boys who go out there and kill [ __ ] elephants. You know it's done, yeah the Trump's boys should there is a distinction between hunting, deer and and big game on yeah. There is a little different I agree because they're I guess they either that deers are in some areas too there's too much and the population needs to be cold. Yes, we we made all the Predators extinct so now that deer population is like running away so got to get rid of them like that, but it's just so outrageous to go, kill a [, __ ] elephant to fly to Africa thing with Ellen Ellen. What said I'm, definitely with you on that yeah. You know. There's all this propaganda better to like! Oh, go, seconf a shin! Do these come these countries are so corrupt. You think it really makes it they. Just just one goes to concert. They say they always say: dude I go hey, I'm, a the government to get a license to kill an elephant and all that money goes to conserving. So it's a good thing that I'm going to Africa and killing ones yeah. They. That's I, always hear that in defense of these big game hunters who, by the way, are giant [, __ ]. They go sneak up on elephants in enclosed environment. They have a basically a ranger who knows how to crack them. They just follow some local and then they go. Okay theory eschew it's like you're, a [, __ ]. Who cares that you shot the Elven? You didn't do anything all you did was pull the trigger bro. If you want to go, kill an elephant and be a man go out to the saw go out there by yourself and hunt some big game, otherwise, you're a [, __, ], I'm gonna pull up these pictures of the dumbass Trump. By the way Trump's kids I mean no offense. I know people like them, but they're the biggest [ __ ] goons on the. Let me just look at him. You know what I'm saying Eric and what's the other ones, Donald, don't Don jr. I mean look, you may like Trump as a president and as a guy, but you have to admit that his sons are the biggest [ __ ] goons. Look at these boat. Look at that bro! Look at these two idiots! Look at these guys! Why do you look like a dude? He looks like the woods sloth. He literally looks like sloth. He looks like The Hunchback of Notre dance. All right. This is on Snopes. We should roll down. That's true balls, so where's, the real one I doubt it's much better. Oh yeah! Look at his hair. Look at these go and by the way Trump has a fat daughter that nobody knows he has a daughter cuz. He hates her, because she's fat I swear to God. He has an extra daughter. You thought it was just the three them right yeah, but there's another no and there's the little boy. No, but there's a secret daughter. That's fat I swear to God Donald Trump secret dog. My name is Tiffany. Oh, you see Tiffany yeah, it's not a secret, but no really ever heard a Tiffany. Trump I mean I've heard of her yeah you're right that she's, it's not in the public eye. When have you ever seen her ela? Never exactly. He doesn't like her cuz she's fat I heard that and she's not pretty that's what he says. He doesn't like this daughter. When have you ever seen her I'm dead, serious I, don't know. Maybe she doesn't want to be no dude I'm telling you he doesn't like fat people and he definitely doesn't like women, at least. Unless they're you know he had himself done. He wants to grab. Does he hate himself? Cuz he's bad because I guess it's thicker than a snicker. Don't you think that the kids are just the biggest goons ever I? Don't like this I want to go back to the hunting? Well, okay! So the point that I brought up these goons is a trump sons, big our songs, sons, big-game hunting. So I wanted to show you this here. They are with a leopard yeah. Look at these uh hotshots wow. They probably tracked that down by themselves. Why would you want to do that? Look at this beautiful animal, a lot more beautiful than these goons. That's so sad! It's it's! It's horrific I mean here. Here's a look at him with a nut. Bro really deeply wrong with you come on! Don't do that! It's you, wanna kill, [ __ ], but killing humans is illegal, look just just posing with a dead carcass. That's your idea of a fun time with this beautiful, majestic creature by the way, a leopard. These are rare. These are not look at that beautiful creature No and look at this hideous monster of a man I'm not down with that I. Don't care what the [ __ ] anyone says: I, don't care about! Yeah I, don't care if they gave a million dollars in Bob way for just a million dollars there yeah you care about conservation, a million dollars up guy. If these guys were crawling around the desert floor, like a predator, with mud on their eyes and smelling like feces, maybe I'd have a little respect for the big game hunt. That's not what's going on here, no they're being carried in their van by some local eating eating even like that the whole setup is being set up for them and then they're like okay. Here it is shoot there. He is okay, here's the gun! Now they probably put his finger on his finger to pull it. You did it oh you're, so great so brave you sent me something Zach. Would you send me? Oh yeah I mean it the fake one. Definitely looked the fake one. Definitely looked like that. The real one was yeah agreed, so I, don't like big-game hunters I, don't like this [ __ ], either by the way. You know, that's the guy that killed that wine, the dentist they got all the [ __ ]. Okay! Here, oh look at this big game hunter, oh my god that [ __ ], who probably weighs more than the lion itself. Nobody likes a good feed. Bro! Look at that creature, not he not him. Look at that beautiful lion. Let me tell you this picture. Is everything that's wrong with with humanity and correctly look at that majestic beautiful lion? This is a magical creature. Just let it be. Why do you need to go? Kill a line you fat, [, __, ] bro? Did you did you? Were you literally going through the desert in a wheelchair and like a in a mobility, scooter yeah, an off-road guy? Oh that tank, one yeah I hate these people, I really do I, think they're absolute low life, scum bags, sickos Psychopaths mm-hmm! Look at this one, get it bro when you, when these guys die and go to hell, I hope this images of like on all walls, other held prison dude. This guy just killed a bunch of monkeys, like my god, eriously dude. What is wrong with you, so yeah I'm happy when these people die. I am actually happy. I have blood lust for root for the animals. Every time dude homie was just taking out monkeys with a crossbow. Go play a video game, a video. What a crossbow think, what else? What else? What else I hate these people I'm a vegetarian now say you can't even say [, __ ] about me, I saved the world [ __ ] am, I doing. Am I being hypocritical, cause I've eaten meat, my whole life a little bit sure, but at the same time I think they're raised. There is a there's, a difference in that the cattle is raised for consumption. These are majestic wild endangered species and I agree that that that you know it's probably unethical to eat meat, though, because of the way they're raised, do I care, then I'm being hypocritical. Well, I'm, a vegetarian now, which means I'm a saint and I, could say what the [ __ ] I want. Dan. Do you agree and disagree? We got on this whole topic because we were talking about the deer hunting. Those are the people that got shot. The deer hunters are fine. If it's, if it's part of ecologic, if it's part of you, know maintaining a healthy ecology, is it always like that in America? It is I think in Wisconsin, which is where the story took place likely? Yes, there's a lot of basis of know, there's a lot of places that they, because all of the Wolves got run to extinction and the wolves were what kept the deer population in check. So now the deer are the out of control and mm-hmm. They have to call the herd basically call the herd, but you eat deer. By the way you don't eat lion yeah I'm completely with you yeah [, __ ], the people. There is literally no making a distinction between the two types of I agree. There's there's no purpose to killing a lion other than that. You want to murder something beautiful pretty much yet a deer you can eat. You can eat people, love venison when you're helping the environment thoughts I'm over it. We're deep in the episodes because should talk, [, __ ] about Trump, more no raw is a big fat burger eating [ __ ]. He is gotta, buy an ass in and what he's literally wears a diaper Donald Trump wears a diaper I swear to God, look at picture of him playing tennis I'm, not even causing uh rumors. There's no pizza experience be President. If he has no pizza experience. That's a great question. I think that's a platform to run on. Oh I, think Trump has been in the pizza category. You seen that please! Okay, do we have a funny story? Tr. All these stories are sad. What about a police chief lean on funny you don't like the police, chief, dude, I'm, so jealous very frosted tips. We were so stupid that you doesn't like that story. Let's skip I like it. I thought it was okay, you're right t I. What? What did you think that it's funny? Well, you can't I mean it's not funny, but it's like you can't. You know it just happened. You got [ __, ], yeah, I'm, just goofing on her hair I mean hello. That's the Internet right! You just got to own that ball master, sir, but people are so stupid. Her hair's not like it's not even that crazy. It's dope would you rather [ __ ] her or mark McGrath, [Laughter] you're right I, shouldn't talk about homosexuality and what Jesus Christ well Jesus, Christ, isn't down with the homos and I said either don't have sex with a woman quote is off the hinge what the door okay! So here we've got, one that we'll all enjoy ti. We've spoke about because he wanted to control his daughter's vagina, but he is trying to, but he said that he takes his daughter every year to the gynecologist to make sure her hymens still intact, he's, and he said, I'm happy and proud to announce that she just turned 18 and up until this moment and man's penis has not been inside my so okay. So we went on Facebook on Will, Smith's, wife. It's called the red tabletop like a podcast show on Facebook, which is highly produced by the way I yeah I was really impressed with the quality. Facebook is really putting and them they're trying to make real content. The problem it is that it's on Facebook wait is that is this a rift in the Smith house? She's got a Facebook show yeah nobody's got a YouTube, show no yeah yeah, it's a pretty popular thing. The red Table Talk, but um sit on Facebook. So that's the problem. It does look like TV quality content. I agree, it's really well produced I mean they are have a lot of [ __, ] money and there's no rules. Mm-Hmm copyright law doesn't exist, shed hell even international law, even the Geneva Code, don't even exist on Facebook [Laughter]. Here he dressed with ti Will Smith makes a little appearance. If you want to show that in the beginning he does tea. I was like, are you gonna, say with us and will is like no I'm staying out of this one? Oh that's funny. I feel like this myth. Family loves attention like well as a bro. Yes, yes, he'll I, don't know. Well just got you know, I, don't know so a pillow liner right thanks Scientology! Oh don't do that family there's been rumors that they are Scientology. He donated money to a Scientology school, but so far have denied being members of the church, but I think Will Smith is a perfect candidate for Scientology. Is it confirmed that he donated I? Think it's confirmed? Yes, doesn't that mean that he's a saint I think what he said about that is that they were curious about it and looking into it, and it's not. It wasn't for them. I'm, not sure I believe that okay, I guess I. Could you think I'm famous enough to get VIP treatment with Scientology like The, Celebrity, Center I, think don't care about a Hollywood I don't know: do you think they would recognize? You don't think they have a new media division, no I, don't think I've never heard of a new media. I hope they don't know yes, but that's if they could get me I hope that all the young Scientology kids that were born into it are managing to run away. Don't you think that they have a good opportunity to convert me like I could really get a lot of people into it, mm-hmm god they must do. How do your your Satan's feel I mean my faden's? Aren't down? They don't want it, they don't want it kinda, it's the ghosts that haunt you or something. Yes, that goes the haunt my thetans, don't believe in Scientology, but I do on the line. It's good. Some Howdy's go so anyway. Let's, let's watch the Will Smith say he doesn't want to be involved, greeted and honored properly [Laughter], [Applause], [Laughter], [Music] and Facebook watching hey. Did you know that Mark Zuckerberg sells ads to the Russians? They don't care about democracy brought to you by Facebook, tough stuff, no easy babysit for because it's quite long may I ask you one question reputation: why does he talk like Yosemite, Sam and you'll, see what I mean I say I, say I, say I do declare you'll see what I mean well, there's some of us that know you, like everything, don't ya. Do you understand the sensitivity of no really I did not do you understand it? No I understand it now. Yes, I do absolutely. However, my intentions, I, think, have been terribly misconstrued and was conceived. Let me go see like Don King meets Yosemite, Sam I, don't know all these references, the guy said it was 70 Sam yeah you sent me on for somebody sad Yosemite, Sam, here's the guy was like I. Do I do what is that's foghorn, leghorn, bro nah? This is Yosemite Sam well, I mean that is Yosemite Sam. What's the one who I was thinking of you're talking about foghorn leghorn, the big, the big chicken did I say: I say: oh it's it! Oh that's what you're talking about yeah I guess I thought. You said me Sam! No he's not talking like that. Big horn, Yosemite Sam, but let's have a talk. I, don't see it I, like it castrate I, never said I was in any exam room. That is an assumption right. That is a falsity god. I didn't think he was in the. That is a falsity who talks like that is a falsity. He goes, that is a falsity look who's talking you're, making up a word like every second he's trying. You guys know what I'm saying he talks like he's doing. A schtick he's got he's just got a little bit of a southern accent right: okay, whatever we don't need to bait. This tensions have been terribly misconstrued and miss constrained, set this record straight I never said: I was in any exam room that is I didn't ever think he was in the exam room. That would be horrific, I think a lot of people took it because everyone was talking about it. So maybe you didn't say, but maybe, if he's in there exam room or not, it's still gross yeah. If he's an exam room, that's like I, don't think the doctor would allow that it's an assumption. That is a falsity god. I never said that it was being done present date right as it did say that anyway, I can't tell you because I watched the whole thing. Basically, what he's saying is that it was kind of obviously, are they kind of trying to make an entertaining story out of something that is based in reality, but he was exaggerated and I can understand that, because you know I know what it's like. When we tell stories here, you try to make it a little more funny or whatever, but they do they try to explain to him why the whole topic is so sensitive and it really shouldn't like why it was wrong. Well, he was still every year getting the hymen examined. I, don't think they were doing it every year, like he was saying in the story, but he also said in the story. He told them. He said as of 18 years old. Her hymen is still intact. Yeah I think he was just like trying to be funny. You think so you don't think he's just backpedaling, no I, don't what about the tweets is done. He wasn't bad, it was. He was sitting there and taking in whatever they had to say about the he. His daughter likes about saying how this is. He said that she doesn't like that. He's talking about it and he apologized to her, and should I watch its long, I I think there's like a 1 minute stretch here. He talks about 18 year old, 16 years old at the time and I never said that her mother wasn't present right right. You know he was just you know. Most of fathers don't go, but he was just present right and he didn't make the doctor's appointment knows already. You know appointment and all of these things all of these. This narrative, this false narrative, has just been sensationalized. So at the time her mother welcomed your presence and your daughter did - absolutely right. She did have a problem with me talking about it. I was right and I understand it and I'm incredibly apologetic, but ultimately he was still checking his daughters hymen. So ultimately is that he isn't the wrong and with the way he views this whole topic and I think he didn't understand before and he's starting to understand. Now, like she told him, do you know, for example, that it could break from riding a horse and he was like no I didn't know that and well he goes in his story. She ain't no Brad no horse. She do no athletics, not sports. He goes athletics because it's tik toks liking. Somebody Sam I, don't see it. Do you guys see what is saying I don't see? What do you say knows what I'm saying I do I do agree and do you know what I'm saying and do you guys afraid that I'm making like racial, jokes, cuz, I, don't think I know I, just don't think it's a cute box like that character like he has he has a unique cadence. Can we agree just a sudden it? It's not unique. It's just a southern accent. He's from Atlanta I can see why you're making this comparison, but I think it's funny when everyone denies what you're saying yeah, okay, so just hanging out to try, but he agrees. Zack agrees. Ian and Dan are too woke, apparently to college the obvious that he sounds like Yosemite, Sam, yeah, Dan and Ella are are soon awoke and I'm, calling them out right now, I'm very protective of the Warner Brothers. Any of these weirdos, who you know just kind of toss, lies around for me yeah. She understands my intentions that she knows who I am. She knows who I've always been right and I. Think that that allows a certain level of understand. I mean it's just the outside the noise yeah yep, it's distracting is can is confusing. It's hurtful, it is, is hurtful and embarrassing. She was horrified well. I. Definitely understood why she would be. You know, feel, like you know, was personal to her right. Jase is a quiet child. She doesn't talk a lot. You know. Okay, this goes on forever. I think I do I, do I do I do the class. It definitely represents like a wrong way of looking at this things cuz. He put so much like it's so important to him that when, when she loses her virginity and like that- and he said with the right person or whatever here's a quote from that I pulled from 950 here so we'd have to watch the whole thing you know from 950. Let's see the idea that people thought you were trying to control your daughter's virginity versus now. Cuz, that's very different question: okay! Ask it! Okay! First of all the word control is very, but you know that's what it sounds like no, but in order to guide or direct, you must have a certain level of control of any. Do you agree with that? No that doesn't make any sense. You can't guide and could direct and control right. You guide and yeah, yeah, okay, so, okay, so so how do you want us to understand your level of control in which you were speaking on well? I? Think that in the age or the time where our women, black women are the most protected, that's ten and I guess regarded yes, women on the planet, yeah I'm being criticized because I'm willing to go above and beyond to protect my right and I'm talking about all of the little slimy grimy chippy fingered little boys who want to just come in defile and destroy the sanctity that I have I'm, saying I just find that whole yeah, it's a strength, bro! It's your eight-year-old daughter. What the sanctity she's got a liver life right, that's not! Every dude is slimy chubby fingered. Sometimes you can decide me chubby finger your vagina on putting so much emphasis on like losing your exploration, she's gotta! Do what she's got to do? I! Don't know! You know what I mean like yeah and if she ends up with someone was not a good guy, then she'll figure it out for herself own. You guide her. You don't say you have to break up him because he's got chubby. Greasy fingers like Newt Gingrich. Remember that video yeah! That's a callback. What do you call us? What do you have? We'd invite now we need a new name for these handheld device right I, don't understand anything that is the most important thing to me in my life. I am going to deal with that with very far reminded me of, like me, being a teenager having to deal with my dad, because obviously everything he did was because he wanted to protect me and he cared so much about me, but it was so like I couldn't do anything. Don't let me go out with my friends. Wouldn't let me you know whatever everyone else was doing, I couldn't do, and it's just so frustrating it's too you just it's not a healthy way to have a relationship with your kid. Mm-Hm I understand that there's like good intention behind it, but it it's good. It don't mean anything else. Yeah, you know I mean, for example, you know when I you know, when I use the bidet to wash my [ __ ]. My tensions are good, but ultimately, when there's [, __ ] water on the floor and a whole mess, cuz I, don't know it ease the bidet. My intentions are good, but there's [, __ ] all over the walls and that's why I don't step into that right. I like it and I, don't understand how that is looked at as being so wrong in order to control. For that to be malice, there must be ill intent mm-hmm. If I'm going to the stupid point, hey dude you just because you don't have to know one cent doesn't mean that everything you do is right and it doesn't have a negative consequence. Yeah I feel like I, know exactly where it's coming from, because because of my dad yeah, it's that old-school, yeah, 70 Sam should know of controlling you, but okay, but if I'm going for the purpose of being a protective parent and there's nothing, this is overprotective there and unprotected. Look one saying: that's an insane statement to make like I feel like he doesn't even ki. Nobody believes that it's true, no I think it's really there's no such thing as overprotective when I just lock her in a jail cell right, hey, baby, there's no such thing as overprotective. He treats her like she's a car and his collection. Hey baby, but you in this vault with gold coins at least he's willing to have this conversation, and they did. It seem to be like interested in learning. What's important to you, though, because I don't think it's so much about virginity as much or was it what I say I say I, say I, say I, say I, say: I say: there's no such thing as being overprotective I say doesn't sounds like I, say I, say I, say I do declare to quote him one more time all the slimy grimy chubby fingered little boys want to just come in to file and destroy the sanctity that I have and anything is the most important thing in my life I'm going to deal with that with a very extreme care, TI clearing up the misconceptions. Finally, we have dj khaled trying to crowd surf. Imagine how this goes. You don't you can't you can't crap. You can't do that. Bro, that's, like I mean come on dj khaled, just kind of like you just like right to the floor. People like home and we can't lift you your Khalid. It's like he lost five pounds. All like you know, he's feeling good about his way. I'm glad that the camera man's like oh [, __, ], Khalid yeah. He just thinks he just sinks. That's Khalid, for you still the character, still a meme still doing it up. Rob Schneider, uh, I've, always disliked Rob, Schneider I, don't think he's funny! I think he's a douche. His show sucks. He he puts a filter on his show on Netflix called what is it called I? Don't have a name for it. No, his show on real wrong real rod. The whole show has this unnatural, blue tint to make his blue eyes pop more I swear to god. The show looks like a joke, because everything is so blue and the his eyes just shine. So blunt, brilliant blue I'm sure that he and post-reduction instructed them to just put this incredible blue tint. But anyway, here he is now. Howie is a notorious germaphobe, OCD, crippling germophobia and Rob Schneider comes out. Knowing that and [ __ ] with Howie has returned to work this time. Taking on Europe, please welcome deuce Bigalow himself, Rob Schneider. You know the producers by the way or like don't touch Howie like Harold, don't shake his hand, don't touch him, so the wiseguy Rough Rider he doesn't put his hand out. He grabbed his hand nice to see ya. Can you get over it? How is have you got to get over it I actually use that to surgeon that I do this to I, get the back he's mine just trying to understand right now. What's going on in his head? Oh look the lady's right there and the second role has antiseptic wipes, throw it on them. [Applause]. Let's talk about your life, a little bit you were recently or how I have to say if you're, that OCD, though not the best profession, huh yeah host, if the producers have to be like, don't touch him, don't breathe on him, but Rob is still douche and the show sucks and he's not funny. Sorry also he's got the super young Mexican wife that he the fact that she's Mexican I, don't that doesn't know she's just exotic, is what I mean South American and in real Rob it's his real wife she's like in her 20s and don't think she's in her twenties. Let's look it up, she's, actually anything a writer on the show. Oh well, that's why it's no bad! It's bad I mean she's, not a comedian. That's what I mean Rob. What's his name, Schneider might be being a dick nobody's, laughing she's 31. So when that show came out, she was in her 20s she's 31. That show came up five years ago. Bro she was like 26 I, don't even know the show existed, yeah yeah, you should dude. You should watch it like I'm a fan because it's one of those shows that's so bad I'm telling you the whole show is tinted blue to make his eyes sparkle, I'm, not kidding, and so his young wife, like he, has her in exercise, equipment and tight spandex doing yoga. There's a scene where you could see her ass and vag bro because she's like she's like this and tights workout spandex, that's crazy, dude! Don't why you got to watch it. Am I crass why? Why is nobody either? Looking like? What's going on here, yellow, what's going on here, talk to me, I, don't know I, don't got nothing to say to me: yeah, the exact is a the show he would be Zach hold on I enjoyed it I, wouldn't say it's. My favorite show he's such a dick on the show you like the real Rob. It was enjoyable, I, wouldn't say it's one of my that I think I figured out Zach. He just likes everything. I can't hold it against, and the guy likes Arby's is a car aficionado, I hated it I thought it was so bad. It was just dumb. Do you know what I mean about the blue, tent yeah? It's so weird he's such a dick on the show, though that's the thing he was trying to make like a Larry, David, Kirby yeah, there's him except there was nothing endearing about him. It wasn't funny he's a dick and it doesn't make any sense like the opening scene. Is him? Let me let me show you I'm gonna show you this opening scene where he refuses to tip a barista and I. Think. Let me show you, you know the reason I got into is cuz. He was on Howard and he was talking about him promoting it. So hmm here this is the promo, the sneak peek [Music]. You claim me: I'm, gonna, [, __, ], migrate, claim to this. Actually that guy guy guy guy I'm gonna have to [ __ ] over at you got to watch this, though just for you, five bucks, that's it coffees. Only four bucks. What kind of tip do you expect, but you're loaded you can't afford like $100 yeah I could afford like a thousand bucks, but you're not gonna, get that either. It is a cheap bastard I'll. Let you bastard I tipped 100 percent, actually it's 125 percent, but I'm working in a coffee shop and you're rich. You could share some of that. Never happened! That's my thing and by the way, the worldview that it expresses. It's all like this, like Rob Schneider. Is this he's this he's this rich, successful, millionaire and the world just hates him, because he's so successful like the underlying this would never happen, and it's not the dialogues not funny, and he, by the way he's such a bad actor rich. You could share some of that. That's how Rob sees the world, as everyone wants, a piece of them. I even has like her. She kind of music he's like you could afford more. You could afford a hundred he's like I could afford a thousand. You know what I mean damn got him so then somebody was watching a customer was watching yeah and the only tip five bucks. Hey. You only tip this guy five bucks I thought you were rich. You made all those movies with Adam Sandler how much I'm supposed to tip. Still it made me five bucks, there's nothing to you. Why would you do tip a dollar? Well then you're the cheap bastard, it's like me, tipping a quarter. Nada tipping is all about income ratio, disparity what you make millions right, I make like 50 grand a year, so $1 to me is like $100 to you where am I in Norway right now. No, it's called economics where's. My economics, I'm gonna, go out to my 150,000 dollar car drive back to my two million dollar house and hang out with my hot 29 year old wife, planet and scene. Wow, I [Music], like it there's $20, oh I, see he's got a heart after all, work worst worst and you got it. You gotta appreciate house congratu, congratulations! 1,000, I'm, going to my $200,000 car to [ __ ], my 29 year old wife and my two million dollar house how's that for economics. How was that for economics then? Do me a favor go watch that show no it's true, I'm good! All right, one A two A two hot mean he loves wrapping it up, yellow, wants to wrap it up, wrap it up, wrap it. I'll have a baby doing it to get back to a baby. We've got a baby: oh [, __ ]! It's for you! [ __! ] me in the tits [ __ ] in my ass guys. If you want to leave a message, it's you are, you upset no I'm, actually just getting worried about our babysitter's that leaving at 5:00 right and now your mom is tell my mom's there. Okay, but have I, said something racist. This episode have I done something this way when I do have I done something. I bought a podium for all of our body toys. What if I said something racist you guys not any more than usual, not any more than usual, all right, one! Oh eight, one, eight! Oh eight hot meme! If you want to leave a voicemail, let's get some voicemails going from our beautiful, loving adoring fans who are gonna, go to a stress-free shop, calm and by submerge right after this Dan. My name is Reed Wilkinson up on Kansas, and you know, with the decade coming to an end. I just had a couple or just one question really about what your guyses means of the decade. All you guys I'm curious, Mima. The decade I don't really live the decade, I'm, not really like so plugged into meme. Oh yeah, this whole thing: you know what I mean with a decade, in my opinion, is I'm over it. Alright, that's my answer: do you guys have anything that comes to mind decades? A lot [ __, ] yeah ten years ago, was like. Where are some of 2010 memes? You remember, I, don't know, doesn't I, don't know, that's a rough one. I think it might be Ken boon. Oh thank you. I feel like I, take credit because I'm in bone a little bit and part of Ken's legacy. You were certainly part of the legacy. Yeah I can be that's pretty that's Ken's bar Ken bone was a greater good and Ken is just the best. I then like how it turned into him. Liking, preggo porn it just in like episode. It had legs, I think the humongous was a pretty prolific name to Azhar, not right like when Bona does it have his longest right now, Penn boned was like the triple threat. Yeah I mean the guy. Has it all damn I just searched, 2010 memes and like dancing baby is some crazy, [ __ ] man show me: what do you guys? Is it like rage, comics, yeah, a lot of rage, color yeah? That's a hit she's a lot of image, macros bad bad luck. Brian! Remember that bro that [ __ ] ooh yeah rage comics, are single-handedly. Those were the worst, why you know upvote antoine dodson. That intrude should I do like that. True ders, still [, __ ] funny, hey I wanna know they raping what we, though, wasn't such a good one for 22. What about double rainbows at this decade, Oh double rainbow. That was right around the same time that was like schmoyoho yeah, rainbow all the way across the sky wow, so impressed I can't believe I remember eyes that the double rainbow all the way across, let's catchy I, think schmoyoho his name with a decade. A lot of hits a lot of hits. Shmuel yo the my favorite one dude before I actually was a youtuber quote-unquote I was like the biggest Mojo ho fan mm-hmm. They were just the coolest [ __ ] thing ever like I. Think sumo yahuwah's me mother decade, like let's review his declaration chair, incredible content. If I sort by popular isn't Schmoe just Michael it's, he is Schmo yo ho, but it's family. It's the brothers like Bed, Intruder I, wonder he probably won't claim me for this right. This is 2010, funk you to 45 million views, yeah and damn cuz. They raping everybody up here. You know it's crazy. On YouTube these days you couldn't even this couldn't go anywhere cuz. He says rape in the first 30 seconds and it has 145 million views. We're gonna act like this. Isn't one of the best videos on YouTube like [, __ ], you YouTube double rainbow song was I want to say that was even the same year. They were on fire. Think it was. This was 2010 yeah same time, rainbow I met the sky cat. You to those invited me to his cabin in Yosemite. Wait. Was he trippin? Yes, he was, he said no, he said no, but obviously how could you react this way if you weren't on that, he said he was oh yeah I got a fish. Mojo hos meme with a decade come on good for them just do it. That was like huge. The one there's this one of this little kid that I want to show you guys. I was thinking. I was gonna go year by year, but right off the bat in 2010 there's some pretty solid contenders, they're, Sunny, D and Rahm is good where's, the one with the kid. It's so good. What kid we're kid where he goes mommy said well, mommy said: Oh where's, that so the parents, where is that? Hmm, oh yeah, good debate, though I feel like? Maybe we we should invite well the audience to hear, weigh in on this a little bit. Listen that this was also 2000. Was the year of memes yeah, listen LAN! The song is a legit hit [Music], you heard him having say yeah and daddy [Music] I loved it on the huge screen. That is not the truth. [Music], there's no reason that schmoyoho shouldn't still be getting hundreds of millions of views except the algorithm, [ __, ] them, and your red table you're in trouble. Yeah I, listen to this [ __ ] like a trillion times so I give the reward there. You go I hope I answered your question. I think I did, let's move on I'm Tom and I'm from Chicago and I want to know what happened with the mobility scooter and did us fix it. Well. I think we answered that Wow Jay Simpson fan of the show bullet ominous of a message, but I'm glad to hear that Oh Jay is a truly thank you for calling in shoenice. Oh here's, someone concerned about shooting us I just wanted to share my concerns about you tonight. I, really, don't think that you guys should meet up with him. He seemed like a controller. That's what I've been saying and you guys never take me seriously. Right now, I've seen a lot of videos posted by him directed at you and the vibe that I get from that man is not good and I. Personally. Do not think it's a good idea to have him on the show. Well too late. For that you have a security guard. I don't know. Are you I? Would no no Scott yeah? Okay, now I'm searching before he comes in I? Don't think it's a good idea, but wait you well. You guys were laughing when I said, let's put him in a straitjacket and put a mask like Hannibal Lecter, but I. Think that's ridiculous. No, but it's a good idea, but you know it's a good idea. If he ever comes on the show I'll do that! That's the only way! I'll! Let him in this room. If we put him on a dolly, we strap them to an ollie, I, think it. The more important step is to blindfold him on the way to the studio like Batcave style. Oh I'm, sure he'll agree to that. Okay, take him in a hearse, oh hey! This is Jen. I live in Pennsylvania and I got a question for this podcast. So every time after you guys go to break you always come rushing back. Oh wow, the question we answered that we preempted a lot of these questions. So then there's a couple more new ones, one one 808 hot meme, guys submit your questions. There I'd love to hear from you. What's on your mind, you know who are you? What do you do? Where are you going anyway? Orthodox did you support from Canada I am and I'm an Orthodox Jew who's. A big fan of yours. Don't worry I'm, not one of the crazy altar of ultra-orthodox Jews, already I just love my religion, but I also love the means. You know, I've got a foot in both worlds, secular and Jewish. Decide I've been watching your videos for literally years and when he transitioned on to the podcast I was so happy because I'm, a big fan of podcasting I, just want to let you know you have like a whole community of fans here in Canada that are all Orthodox Jewish. Like me, you know, you've got religious Jewish, support, I, guess here in the weird country of Canada seriously: I, don't even know how to explain. Canada there's just no way to put it we're just weird. Yes, thanks for thanks a lot, it means keep doing, keep doing what you're doing I'm so happy. Andria he's coming back on your podcast. He is my favorite political candidate. I mean I'm, actually a moderator on his discord, I technically work with the campaign. It's really [Laughter] thanks very much I love the Orthodox Jews I am for the call, maybe he'll be done for sure dude. Oh my god, all right, all you all! You are at the Knux du du canada. You better buy my shirt, show them everybody, but I am concerned because um you know that the h3 fou / trooper army requires full dedication and it sounds like these guys. He's got one foot the meanwhile he's got one foot in the Torah and I just think he may not have to choose. You know what I mean yeah I mean: there's only there's only space for one cult and stay to stay. -, I, love, love, love, my Orthodox Jewish fans, I love them yeah, that's good, but only if they see me as a messiah, if I'm just a man that I'm not interested in right, damn yeah! Thank you. Hey Eli I am a listener from Boise, Idaho and I just want to say I'm so proud of you for going vegetarian and keeping up doing what you're doing, because it's great and I know you're inspiring thousands of people out there. So keep it up at Papa black. Do you think I'm inspiring thousands of people I, don't know yet mm-hmm. It's only been two weeks three weeks, you know three, why are you trying to downplay my achievements? You're, always always yeah. For three weeks, I gotta tell you I love it I'm all-in, I love it it's great. It's a way to win. You know, I, there's a phenomenon by going on with the vegetarianism, where I I'm eating less because of the feeding window, but my dumps are like I mean I'm, not trying to be gross unprecedented size, and my brother had an interesting theory. He says: cuz you're, vegetarian you're, eating more volume, unnecessarily more calories, more volume and I think because I'm eating some more fiber -. It's just it's all coming out of you, which is good, I good. You want it out, yeah. Let's he get colon cancer when it's it's seriously yeah, although all the toxins when you're eating meat and nasty [, __, ] and burgers yeah, it sits in your colon and that's how you that's, how you get colon cancer? That's why you want to come out here quickly who would think that you know the colon the place where [ __ ] passes through? Could you could have [ __ ] in it too long yeah, that's like saying your garage becomes. You know you can't keep your car in your garage for too long it'll start leaking oil man. That is true. That is true. You gotta move your car every week. I bet this what I've been moving it several times a day? Well, that's caught that brick comes to an end. Theodore has a very strict nighttime routine. Yes, you yeah. So if anyone is wondering why am I so you know wanting to go back, he starts really early with his nighttime routine. It's just the way he wants it like. We tried to push it to later, but at 5:00, that's it he doesn't wanna play doesn't want anything. He wants his bath, you know and then, after the bat, it's 6:00, we give him formula the bottle and then goes to sleep. No he's great he's got a really cute routine. He starts sleeping through the night, he's the best yeah. Now you don't need that. You don't need to give a reason for it. Why you want to guys 4 o'clock I mean it's like 4:15. We got a baby, a little baby update, I didn't realize it was so late. Was that it that's it we did it all. We said it all. We actually didn't look at the reddit meme album, we'll save that for later, we'll keep building on it. We are gonna, be here on Thanksgiving Day, we're gonna shoot a special episode. What no I mean they are gonna watch this on Thanksgiving Day you're, not gonna, be here on Thanksgiving video yeah, oh I thought Friday, so I guess that is Friday put it up on Friday my bad, so we will still be coming, unlike all these other saps, by the way who are on vacation. Not us, we got a special episode that I'm super excited about and I. Don't think you guys want to miss it so we'll be up on Friday at the usual time, no cuz usual. No everything confusing mess. We're actually gonna record it tomorrow, but our concept is very fun. I think it'll be a lot of fun, so I'm, looking forward to doing that tomorrow, actually it'd be fun I'm, looking forward to it a story: shop, calm, 1, 1, 808, hot meme, I apologize for all my racist remarks. This show I feel bad know what I did but I feel Feliz making me feel bad apologize for the minorities. [Music] like you did I, don't ID mean I, can't I, don't I just didn't understand your reference. I'm gonna have I'm gonna I know it. You thought that I was boo, booing your foghorn leghorn comparison, you thought I was saying you were racist, but I wasn't I. Just didn't think he sounded like sounds like I think he does, and everybody else back there. Zach and Ian sees what I'm saying and the Ian stayed silent just because he likes to throw me under the bus whenever he can and I like to return. The favor I was just afraid because you called foghorn leghorn Yosemite. That's what I would think it over that part. Okay, sorry, apologies to the Looney Tunes there, interventive I, guess they're the Looney Tunes I need to apologize. Man, look if anyone's races. It's the Looney Tunes! You seen that [ __ ]. How did I do all right, let's get out here. Thank you guys. We will see you on Friday, Friday, Friday Friday, so have a great Thanksgiving and an awful Black Friday. Why awful Buckeyes, because they're gonna get run over up? There were fans of Teddy freshmen or the Black Friday hands up little tease. We haven't, announced it yet and nobody's gonna hear this, because this is a deep we're, gonna, announce it on Friday morning or no where's their morning, though, we have a big mother-effing thing planned for Black Friday I'll. Tell you fresh you all right, let's get out of here! Thank you for listening. Everybody you know had to do it to him. There's no Burger backstage for me. Just I mean just cut it down, get about it. [Music]! You.