To welcome everybody to a truly papa, blessed episode of the h3 podcast. We are joined today by perhaps the most iconic figure in the h2 h3 universe, eight years in the making, none other than Papa John himself and the studio. Welcome, and thank you welcome. Thank you. So I mean I am a um. Frankly, I can't believe I'm sitting sitting across from you right now. Who ever feel is a ritual, so you you had mentioned to me that you, you had thought of reaching out to me, but Papa Papa, John, Gorrie, correct, there's a corporate we're, not we're! Not savvy yeah I've been wanting to talk with you for about eight years, you're hard to get hold of frankly, but I kind of try to get a little bit. I, don't know yeah, but I. Think they're. Just a little more conservative I've always thought this to be a lot of fun. I hope I was right. Yeah yeah, it's gonna, be it's gonna, be great. It's gonna be a pizza journey. Well, now that you're no longer beholding to corporate. So are you in a way? Is this a big middle finger to them now that we're doing this? No, not at all and I'm, probably Papa John's biggest fan. You know I'm up even now: I love, pizza and I love people and the people at Papa. John's are the ones that made that company great. You know you, you build 5,000 stores out of a broom closet and you gotta do that with great people, but no franchisees, I love them boys, I, love them and we're pulling for well I'm, their biggest fans. We love the franchisees, we hate the mortar directors, I mean I, won't put the words in your mouth, but I'll say it for all those here. Those sons of [ __ ]. Are they, but they got to be scared that you're on here now I mean you got documents with pizza, literally pie, charts. You got a pie charm with a pie on the right word I. You know we we felt like the some decisions being made. The last couple year were not exactly in the best interest of the system. There's nothing. That's happened with Papa John's, the last 20 or 30 months. That wasn't predictable and it's not been good with that being said, they're struggling and we're hoping that things get better and they'll pull themselves out of this mess. Do you want to go back? Do you want to be the CEO on the directors? No I don't want to be CEO, you want to get back on the board. No, no, let's let it run its course. Let's see what happened, let's see what's gonna happen, I mean so far. It's not been good. The thing that scares me, the most is there's nobody on the board or really in leadership that has any pizza experience right. The pizza category right, there's no experience and very very dangerous. Everybody wants to do pizza, everybody thinks they want to be in the pizza business, but it's a it's a really a different animal I mean it's. It's tough I mean it really got to know the business when you say they're dangerous. You do mean that they're. What do you mean by that? Well, you know when you make good decisions. Good things happen, and you know people prosper when you make bad decisions. Just you know bad things happen and the last 24 months for me to sit back and watch. What's happened to the franchisees and watch happen, the employees got to call Friday. We had a young lady, Robyn Kennedy, been with the company 25 years boom just out the door. Two weeks ago, five days before Christmas, give or take a Rob Porter, been with the company 28 years boom out the door, no notice. So when you're trying to build a culture, because we're really not in the pizza business were more in the people business. So when you're Bill trying to build a culture that really promotes creativity and ownership and pride, and you do things like that, it kinda ruins, counterproductive, there's so much ground to talk to cover. We've got the pizza conspiracy. We've got the media company that apparently extorted you and the company, but let me start from the top: do I call you papa? What do people call you papa my mom? What about your friends and family? Do they call you papa? Yes, everyone calls you papa, yes, and so, when y'all, when you become Papa well, that was interesting because we started doing the ads about the turn of the century some twenty years ago, and we had the shirt tucked in and suit and tie and all that. But people thought I was an actor and right yeah. They didn't think I was a real person right, and so we Jordan Zimmerman with the Z group, came up with Papa's in the house in the house, the boots, all that and then then it became you know, Papa John's, and then it became Papa and then about four or five years ago. I actually had to change my name from John Schneider, which is German to Papa John. So we actually changed the name. Oh, you are popular. It's like on your identity, like ID. What do you mean? It's just changed on the perception and the persona brand cuz. Nobody knows not her. So John John is just stayin, alias John. No I am John your Papa John yeah, that's where they came up with the name John roommate in college Ball, State University. He knew my name. Is Johnny came up for the name? Papa I promised him a pizza week for the rest of his life. Did he get it? He never came forward. How can you be fifth floor? Lafollette 1982, you come up with the name Papa John. When there was no stores we build 5200 stores and he's still having hard to claim that Pete's yeah and if you're out there I owe him a pizza week for the rest of his life. So take 10 bucks a week. Okay, it's 500 bucks a year times. 35 years, is seventeen thousand five hundred dollars worth of pizza? So if you think - yeah I think you may be assuming that someone wants to eat. Well, if you come forward, I give him the cash yeah or the cat. So you called you Papa before you even had kids, you had nothing to do with anything. We had the recipes. We had the layout, we had equipment, we had everything but a name: hmm and he's a door mate fifth floor, LaFollette that great exhale and he comes up with it and he puts it Papa, John and print and I. We were print driven business back in those days because it was all coupons and I fell in love with the name Papa John's and that I'm and so were you did you go buy Papa ever since you opened your first store like. Let me ask you this, you you, you I, know you're recently divorced. You were married for a long time yeah. How many years were you married, 32 and I? What was she calling you Papa? No, never call me Papa called you John yeah. She called the job guys. She never called you pop by the I, had a boat one time that wasn't a big bones like 19 feet that are called Papa. That's our lease I can remember the phrase Papa I. Guess the kids call you Papa. That makes sense. You are their papa yeah. Your boys call you Papa yeah. They always you ever think to start, maybe a second business, mama mama Johnny's, that's very interesting! So I'll call you papa you ever get any kickback. Is it disrespectful to call you John? No, no you're, okay being called John? Yes, oh okay, I just not sure cuz. You prefer Papa, though, that's just what they call really. It's like the one name anomaly like Bono or right edge, the edge just good rock Kid, Rock yeah rock right. That's not his name, yeah yeah! This is not or though they get rid of the snotter. That's hard! There's a role. It took me years, even I used to call you s'matter Shatner that Schnatter yeah Papa, John, Pappajohn yeah, so alright I understand you are going through a divorce. Are you, okay, how's everything I mean was that a long time ago was that recent four months? Wow? Yes, is it as bad as they say it is she's, a wonderful person, but I mean the divorce itself. No I think it's it's both of us wanted it. How long, and so it I think it's been best for both of us. Are you feeling relieved? Are you feeling do you? It's gotta get like well, okay, are you dating is pop out there like you've, been your single, keep the money you're healthy. You look good you're you're in good shape, slowly but surely ah I wonder if there's any like, if girls might be into like role playing with you where they like, like you play the poppers call me daddy, call me Papa just idea giving you an [Laughter] interesting. Would you want someone that is let's say in the pizza category outside of the pizza, Warren I, don't know if you really can pick, you know, I think you, if you just go out, look for certain attributes, you know I, don't think that'll that'll, work, I, think it'll just have to happen. Yeah or do you meet women? Well, you don't. If you're me yeah, do you do like social events? Do you go out I like to go to bed early and wake up early? So does your a grind, your CEO, you built this incredible company. Are you you must be having trouble meeting women you've been on tinder. What I gotta say you up with a nice girl, yeah I know we have we do this parody of The Bachelor honors, oh you're, quite an eligible bachelor. It would be a hell of a season. I assume you're, not interested I got to tell you no we're gonna talk about this, but it's kind of interesting but I'll take the dating from here. Okay, you have an age limit. Now that you're single age limit with with the women. Would you data like? What's your what's your age cutoff now that you're single I've never thought of that cuz, you know a lot of guys. Let's just say you know and I don't blame them. They're out there they're single you're, wealthy you're. Looking good you get up there get some strange ass, but some guys say: I'm, gonna, I'm, gonna cut it off at I. Don't know twine, 30:35 I, don't know what do you have a cut-off? Have you thought about that? I think you could meet somebody, that's probably 45 or 50 that X and is active enough to be like 30 sure you could and you could probably meet somebody 30 or 35, and act like they're, 45 or 50 I. Think it depends on the programs on the person. I! Think! Absolutely that's true. That's a good answer! Papa safe answer! Oh good I know that if my I know, if my dad left my mom, he would probably day to 18 year old and I I just know it he's a pig and I love. My dad well yeah I love, my dad. Do you think it runs in the family? I try my best I gotta tell you. I grew up with a very perverted dad and I've tried my best to subvert those feelings, but if he, if he, if he was you and single, give you V, B he's getting weird and wild up, but I have a feeling you're you're good, but it's not good he's not still away in your month. That's true! Thank you. My dad appreciates you saying you are from you live in Kentucky. Are you like a local celebrity out there in Kentucky people got to know like a papa. You get shouts like that out here. You know. Louisville is probably where I get left alone the most ting, because it's not a big deal yeah. They just look at John. The pizza maker Jenny loves making peace and down a community leader. You know a good corporate citizen I, don't really think Louisville, probably get left alone more than anywhere else in the world. Maybe when you walk around like New, York or LA I, don't know how often you do you probably get recognized a lot. You got a face on on the pizza box, used to yeah, I mean Latin America, very partly Latin America, like China I, might as well be on Mars. Oh yeah, no yeah la New York a little less, but it's actually gotten more. The last the last five or ten years in the Midwest. You know where Papa John's is really rock solid for sure, you're sure you're, a superstar out there, probably superstar, but they go. Oh, the pizza guy beats yeah, give them a $10 off car, take a picture and then oh, that's where you walk around with gift cards: oh yeah, that's crowd-pleaser, I love that yeah and it's it's really cool because you got one for me. I can get you a pizza, ha ha ha. Don't tell corporate. There's a tree of the biggest house in Kentucky. I. Read that online I don't know if it's the biggest it's probably one of the biggest one of the biggest yeah I love. My home in Kentucky has been good to Papa pieces, though the whole thing's been a blessing. I've got so many people to be thankful for that. You know supported me and gave me a lot of encouragement early on when I didn't have anything I can't tell you how many times I thought we were gonna go broke and people just really were there in my corner, and so but it's it's been a great ride with a great group of folks. The original employee number one still works for me. Oh really, what position are then? Well she Denise Robinson. It was a. She was a cook and daddy hired her as a cook for seven bucks a day and I said we got a cook cuz dad now we're kind of you know, jack of all trades master of none and it's a great and he goes there's one problem. I said: what's that daddy, he said? Well, she can't cook. She can't cut you out of cooking. This is back when we didn't have seven bucks a day to blow mm-hmm, but she had a great attitude and dad taught me early on hire for attitude and train train for aptitude. That's Jill, she's done she's been with us and she's great. You go what you do. Yeah she's 36. She does whatever she wants. Really so does she have your back now in this? Oh yeah. You've still got your allies, oh and Papa's house yeah. It's not all. It's not all uh! It's act, it's been great I mean it really has been its to go through this. It's a fascinating experience. It's a learning experience and it's it's! It's educational! I! Just wish it wasn't me. You know me going through it, but you know we had a very comfortable life. You know the company was making 150 million bucks a year Island. You know 31 percent of it, no debt, great pizza, great product, great great, great everything, and- and so you know- and then this this well, let's talk about it. Let's, let's, let's talk! Okay, you did an interview, let's start here in November and what you famously claimed. You have eaten over 40 pizza and 30 days now. First of all that went sensational viral. What was your reaction to that? Well, I didn't say that eaten 40 pizzas in 30 days, I said I had we're gonna split here, yeah I went when I said: I had a pizza. That means I ate it well, when I said, had a pizza means I'm inspecting right, so I'm I'm not eating. Every pizza I may be eating parts of pizzas. How many pizzas you eat on a weekly basis, I, probably eight or nine slices a week Brett when I was at Papa John's I was probably 12 or 15 cuz we're always tested new products. That's awesome! Yeah! Oh I love a new exercise, a lot yeah good yeah ski cuz I, but you know pizza is actually very nutritious, very healthy. You just can't eat a bunch of it. Yeah I mean it's really great. That sounds like pizza propaganda. Well, it's 325 calories of sliced three empty. It's like I, don't yeah slices your golden eats, not me having slices and your garlic butter golden like myself. When did the garlic, but you know what, let's: let's stick to the you got on an Instagram: that's how we got in touch. What prompted you to make an Instagram account. Were you feeling the viral sensation of the Papa, the Papa come back, Papa, Redemption, arc, yeah, I. Think again, the the board in leadership is probably leans to be a little more conservative and the social media platforms. I think scared them, and so they, they kind of kept me away from that that Avenue and we hired the new PR firm, proactive up in DC mark serrano on his team and they hired Matthew and Jordan out of Indianapolis, and they said you know, give it a try on us. It up. I'll try it, but if it turns negative and it's it's nasty, I don't want them to do with it, but you know it's being to it right. It's been doing that months. It's been cool, it's awesome, yeah on something else. Well, you know what happens. Someone sent us a tip to like I think this is Papa John's, real Instagram and we're like there's no way. We don't believe it. We'll turn it to a whole story arc for us where we slowly realize it was your actually, your your account look like when you say that they didn't want you to have an Instagram account. Let's say like: is it an actual conversation, a meeting where you meet with a team and they all have an input on what they think you should do? Well, the our generation didn't grow up with with social media, and you can understand in 1995, which would have been what 25 years ago we didn't have computers in the store we were operating down to cigar boxes with deli sheets, so we had to go through the wave of technology just to have POS and then the internet came along and we had. You know right exactly. Remember the video well announcing that we did really well on the POS in that transition, and we were first to the market on the internet, so we did well, but then the social media came along and I, don't think anybody in the building- and you know our age- demographics understood it right. So, by not understanding it I think we kind of frayed away from it. You know, but the it's a risk roared. It is, and fire well coming on the show today, there's there's upside there's down, and so you know, but anything that's worth doing is gonna have a risk. That's the pop I know, that's true! Well, I, freaked, I'm, so glad you're here because to me I'm, it's very brave of you to come in here with us, but I do think that it, it's just so incredible for you to have the courage to come in here and talk to us in this format that I think most people in your situation, under the advice of all the their handlers, would would would just totally shy away. But this is the most genuine way for you to get your message out right and so I think that that this is a great step for Papa yeah and but in all sincerity, the you've been a Papa John's fan no yeah and you get your wife here and I. Just felt somewhat safe, I mean I, know, there's gonna be parts of interview that, like the segment we just left we're. You know final I didn't know he was gonna, go there, but I knew that coming in get worse, oh so now you're making it sound like it's, not that bad with you and the Papa John corporate, but they removed the mention of you on their website. Look here on the television about us. They act like you, never didn't even exist. They go there. First of all, they're making rewriting history. This ain't Papa stands for people our priority. Always you seen this and then they say they go. It was founded in a broom closet in Jeffersonville. Not no mention of you. Well, what's misleading that it says it's the foundation we started and the one who's we so I mean that's kind of that's gotta feel bad I mean this is your baby. This is your life's work, Papa the rewrite they can't. They won't even say give you the credit of having your own name. Well, not to correct you, but Papa always meant people are priority. One always we've always realized from the get-go. You have to take care of your people. First, that's always been your. That's that's been it. So that's not misleading, that's! No! It's not, but the name that they don't mention that that whose broom closet that belonged to him well, they have taken the position that I never existed yeah and they have research that says half the people out there associate me with the brand or that and a half, not 5% of 10%, so I, don't know we've kind of studied what corporates done. It hasn't worked out too. Well, nobody. This is what I call a lose: lose, lose lose and one of my fundamental principles and business is: everybody has to win. Suppliers and franchisees employees. Communities have to win, and this has been a lose, lose lose lose but I, don't know how you pretend, like the founder, didn't exist when he's alive and well he's right here and he's papa he's and it's authentic. It's the truth, we've we did this the hard way. We did this the long way and we build it. One store at a time up to 5,000 stores of a broom closet, I'm, not sure how you erase that and if you do erase it I think you do part of the population the wrong way exactly so. The corporation has put themselves in a position that their conflict is our decision-making. Well, I would I call it corporate genius corporation. You would call corporate idiots, but I got it for the lawyers. I gotta call corporate gene-gene. Okay, you got it. Hmm. It seems that they, they must have made a calculated decision that they thought cutting you out. After all, the controversies would have helped the company on decline. That's what I assumed was there was there logic, but I put a lot of not stupid, -. Well, that's that's where we there's a fundamental disconnect between my beliefs and I. Think the corporate geniuses I think I. Don't think you could fool people, maybe once twice but I, think people are smart. The fact that the corporate geniuses think they can fool people now, that's that's what birds, even people that are like disagree with you or like outraged by the controversies. They know the puppet, it's still God papa john's and then everyone who's, one ride-or-die Papa John's is pissed. It's bad. What do you think about the Papa Dilla I mean? Were you involved in this? No, would you ever greenlight such a such a abomination of God? They obviously have research that I don't have yeah. It is research. You don't like street smarts right yeah, you got it well, let's play it out: Papa John's Pizza, no, no Papa, John's, Pizza quesadilla, no, no, no Papa, John's, Pizza, quesadilla, Papa diya, no, no Papa, John, Pizza, quesadilla, Papa, dia, lousy, calzone, just call it a calzone. Instead of making it sound like it's, not a quesadilla that that is I, don't ride it. Yes, what do you think? Go ahead, speak the truth. I mean it's! It's a nice side item being nice, you're being nice here, I can tell coming in gloves off but goes off with you, not clothes off of the court, you're being you're being nice. Here's my problem, I've got I've, got franchisees out there, that I love and write I, can't I can't say negative I would not have put my all my eggs in that basket. That's for sure the Papa dela poppity pop idea yeah all right. Well, then, let's talk about the people that, like you, claimed in your now famous interview that there was a conspiracy to out you as the board of directors that it was completely fabricated. What was recounted of your racist language on the phone call and you've claimed that those who perpetrated this conspiracy against you should be in jail. Do you or do you still stand by those statements? Well, let's go the less. You know as a shareholder, you really can't put a Board of Directors in jail. Now you can take their homes if they violated the duty of loyalty and duty of care which they have on multiple cases. So we'll see how that plays out in the courts, but you can't really, as a show to put them in jail. Okay. Well, anyway, I understand you're, just you're, just speaking at a matter of speech, but the conspiracy, the fabrication. These are people at the highest level of the company who have conspired to ruin your life and, in short right, do you agree with that statement? I do agree with that statement. Mmm, and so the is this the day of reckoning. You spoke about well the day, it well, if you're, a franchisee or an employer that we just talked about two of them. Twenty years ago, thirty five years god bless I mean yeah. That's the day of reckoning when you lose, you know your career and it was your job. Franchisees I mean they are. You know this is very painful for me to watch. We had you've seen that the trajectory on sales and profit and now you've seen a crash. Oh yeah, that's very hard for me to sit back with my hands tied, no matter how much money I spend or how what I try to do to help them. My hands are tied. You know I'm no longer running the ship, so it's hard to watch this, because when you built the machine- and you have people around you that help build the machine, you know cause and effect. You know trial and error, and- and you watch some of the things that are going on with people that have never been in the business and you watch people get hurt, I mean hurt bad, that's that sleepless nights and there's a lot of those yeah. You referred to a day of reckoning for the board of directors. What what did we mean? What does the wreck? What is the reckoning? I heard I heard rumors that the phone call the notorious phone call. For example, you got a copy of that. Is that true? Yes, what question won't me answer? First, so do you have the recording? Yes? Does it exonerate you? Yes, oh yeah, can we hear it I, don't know if you can hear it, I can tell you what it says. Okay, you need to look at the hope that what happened. Tell me about that conversation the when this went down on the 11th. The company, where myself didn't have the tape laundry service had the tape. The company got the tape within 10 days, the call, but they wouldn't. Let me hear the call the tape until the next year. February of nineteen, so I was pretty sure what I said and I know. My heart I know how I feel about this issue. I wasn't real worried about what I'd said because I wouldn't say anything that was going to put any of us in jeopardy. What I said was I never used the word mm-hmm, but you used the word. I said Colonel Sanders used the word like did you use the N word I said Colonel Sanders use the N word. Yes, I had never used that word yeah, but we had the word. I said the word yeah. You said and I said what into the word. Yes, what the little in a in a confidential meeting with that agency. That was supposed to be setting me up to protect this very thing. So the meeting was to make sure something like this didn't happen. So they should have said to you well papa you shouldn't, even when you're referring to the word, you shouldn't say the word, but what they did as I understand it. Is they recorded this call that was meant to be for racial sensitivity, training, cry and leaked it is that I feel a little worse than that they they see who leaked it. We don't know, that's why we filed the lawsuit wow-whee laundry service in their response said they didn't leak. It mm-hmm, but Forbes got the data for somewhere I, don't know if they got it from Papa, John's I, don't know if they got it from an executive, Oh, Papa John's, we're not sure who was on. That call was well like I guess, someone on the call was recording it. Yes, we didn't know the court. The recall was being recorded. That's a bad news. It was secretly recorded the good news. Is they recorded the call? You know, because what I said was not anything you anti-racist, youyou I understand. You said you use the n-word, but you used it in the context of explaining that you're not racist. Well, although can you see that some people would be offended that you would use the word at all I for I've gotten into the that? That's very issue myself and and I I can see where they're coming from in that that, when you, even when you use the n-word and the context of saying oh I, would never say that, but you said it, you did say it when you were saying I would never say it yeah the thing about the call. The call was like fifty minutes. Fifty fifty and the call was extremely positive about in my position the history. How was brought up on you know: anti race period, there's no tolerance for it. In my family, in my upbringing and the it finally came up again at the end, I said: listen so-and-so uses the word. I never used the word. Let's get off the word, they recorded it. He thought there was trying to set you up. They kept trying to get you to say the word, yeah I, think I'm, saying I do I think they were trying to agitate me hmm. What did they say it agitator? They just keep pushing and pushing even they kept bringing up the comments that were made back in November on the NFL conference, call which there's nothing in that call that's even even sort of provocative the franchisees ahead of franchise. The Association will tell you that was an oculus. It was benign, and yet they stirred that up and somehow painted that into the the race corner and the company didn't do anything to defend that or to straighten that out or to point out that it was mischaracterized, so that was kind of the first clue that the you know like hey they're, going to go down this road you've got to make sure we have a plan in place to prevent this from getting getting out of hand by being not truthful, and that's what happened so did you have when you were on this call, it sounds like you now perceive it to be. The intention of that call was to incriminate you not to train you. Well, if you, if you look at how do you at the time I had 31% of the company? How? How do you ask the founder, Papa John from his own company and there's really no way to get that done, except paint me in the race corner and what the company learned with the Obama care in the NFL comments is: if they did nothing. Social media in itself would take me to that spot, which was a very bad spot, and it just gave them an excuse to to get rid of me, but why would they want to get rid of you? Because now that you're gone nobody I mean clearly nobody could anybody have benefited now at this point from you being gone, nobody has benefit it's back to it's, a lose, lose lose and I think until this gets clarified and the public can digest really what happened. I think it's gonna have consequences on on Papa John's business health, but let me finish the the company when you're good at something you make. It look easy and we just had a really good team and we've been doing this for 35 years. It's kind of like doing what you all do you just know what you're doing and you're good at it. We had a board and leadership the thought. Okay, we can run a lot better without John, and you know it's. It's intoxicating I mean 150 million bucks here, Papa John's, hello, Pat, on the building, all that it's in talks, okay, ting and power, and control and greed is alive of well in corporate America. So their mindset was, let's get rid of John. Do your pointless pretend like he never existed? Let's take his take the company over. They had a bunch of self-interest. Each individual had different self-interest with different characteristics of taking the business over and we'll just take it over and life will be be grand without him. So you think it was a conspiracy by the entire Board of Directors I. Don't exactly know right, we've tried twice. We had a lawsuits, call them to 20, but basically it's a lawsuit to get the documents the company hasn't. Given us any documents. What kind of documents would you I want their emails? Much like a subpoena protects. We won that ruling. You did. We did win there. So how does the court enforce it when they refuse? It has not been enforced. Yeah and the Chancellor called for shard and he's a guy wouldn't want to mess with frankly and for him to rule in our favor to get those documents, and yet the board has handed over no documents. I wouldn't want to be in the board seat, and then we filed a second lawsuit with laundry service and that's simply to get to the bottom of get to the truth. The day of reckoning, as you say, what happened here, how did they do this and I think what you're going to find is the different levels. There was a different agendas and different goals. The folks at corporate had one goal: keep their jobs, get John's money, you know be the C, then the board had another goal. They want to be chairman. We had one board member I had a conflict, he took over the marketing, etc, etc, and then you've got laundry service which was Wasserman and Goodell, and they had another agenda which is probably to shut me up and to take the company you're Julius, Caesar's, you're, the pizza and and and guy what was the name of your hand. Pet Richie Richie, wasn't was Brutus was that is that a good analogy? Did he stab you in the back? That's quite the best analogy. I've heard over it, no doubt about it, Wow yeah, no doubt about it. It's that was painful, I mean Steve had been with the company 20 years, hired him at six bucks an hour last year. He made six million dollars and then he, you know, pulls a stunt like this, but you know that's something: he's gonna have to live with and you haven't spoken to him at all. No, what would you say to him if you saw him? Oh gosh, what would I say to him? Um I, don't think I'd have to say anything I think I would just he knows. How does one look at him? He he knows how disappointing them any mean. He knows how disappointed there. He is with himself he let Steve Rios bad I, don't know, but this guy hurt a lot of people we mentioned too, but literally thousands of people have gotten hurt by Steve Ritchie's, selfishness and ambition and disregard for the team and other people, but the guys hurt a lot of people mm-hmm so much intrigue to an unravel, there's so much interest at play on trail, but yeah yeah portrayals must be exhausting and you're at the center of it. It's very Shakespearean. Do you feel like you're in the middle of a Shakespearean play? You know. Betrayal is an interesting on that scale. That yeah makes it's like I said it's fascinating, it's an education I just wish it would me. Do you ever wonder why you I mean? What did you do to to incite such betrayal I mean? Do you? Do you find yourself wondering how maybe what how could this happen? I mean? What do you think about that? Well, you know. Papa John's is the American dream and when you look at power control greed envy you have that in spades. The you know, failure is in what some ways easier than success, because you know everybody wants a piece of success and Papa John's was the pinnacle. You know: Papa John's, Pizza, American, dream third big pizza chain in the world, yeah and I. Think that makes things more tempting for people to get intoxicated again and to do silly things, but but to answer a question. I thought this could happen and I prepared for it physically, intellectually and analytically. Well, you have to be to go through what you've gone through the last 20 months. You better be on your game, you better be rock solid, because you know it's you're, taking a lot of you're, taking a lot of shots, and so you've got to you got to take care of yourself. You can take care, you look healthy, you and therapy, no probably should be, but no should be. Are you embarrassed to to talk to a therapist? No no I've talked to their photographer. I. Think I. Think you I think you need a good therapist yeah. You know times like this and you got a good dog with you who I just met. Yeah um, but I knew this could happen. I thought: how long were you suspecting? You feel it if you're, if you're an entrepreneur, you feel you sense things. You sense the iceberg in front of you miles and miles before. Everybody else does so. I knew this, but I thought it would come from the outside in I thought it'd be a hostile takeover somebody you know coming in and doing something crazy, I didn't know it would be from the inside. You know, I didn't know that the people on the inside were capable of doing something like you didn't anticipate. What really and here's why people always act in their self best interests, and this the way they've gone about this like John or don't like John the way they've gone about. This has hurt a lot of people. It's hurt, my employees hurt by franchisees suppliers. This has not been a win for anybody and I knew if they did something like this. Would this would be bad for them, because it's stupid. This really is stupid. I mean if you're gonna get rid of the founder. Do it over a period of time? Don't taking? You know outside kick him to the street and one day over, something he didn't say: I mean they manufactured this, and then they did that did they what they did, but I didn't realize that they weren't intelligent enough to realize that by doing what they were doing, they were actually hurting everybody else. I missed that piece. Let me go back to the to the I'm, just so intrigued by the phone call, because when we go back to the phone call on that fateful day, everything happened so fast. Right, like I, read that on the same day that the phone it was it the same day, the phone call happened that you were removed from the from the Board of Directors. No, the how much time passed the phone call happened on May, the 22nd mm-hmm Richie fired the agency laundry service on the media side, the next day and I went. What are you doing? I mean because they're gonna think that I fired him. They had a tough conversation with the CEO of laundry service that Friday and then two weeks later, the owner, Casey Wasserman of laundry service called and said. If you don't give us six million dollars, we're going to bury your founder because we taped the call so Wow, so they tried to extort the money Papa John's didn't give in to that demand, and then, since Papa John's didn't give the guy that six million, they went public with it on July the 11th. So a couple things there. First of all, there was a pretty good time distance still between the make all May the 23rd and July the 11th and second of all, Papa John's board or management. Didn't do anything to make sure that the founder and the brands functions were protected back Papa John's did too just the opposite when the caught, when the when all this hit Forbes Papa John's piled on instead of defending there's. No, why did Richie fire the media company the day after the call I? Think again, he used me as an escape code to say. Well, the reason we fired is because John didn't want you around, which is you know nothing to do with that. But Sid was he privy to what was on the call he was on the call. Oh, he was on the call. So it was. Was there outrage expressed where people offended on the call, though or after the call it was all gravy. So why would he have the presence of mind to fire them the next day? I just don't understand like what was his justification being like it will had nothing to do with the call when he fired them or dead. The I think the folks in mark, and he realized that laundry service was the rat wrong firm too by the media and so Richie just kind of used as an excuse to do something he should have done anyway. Okay, so I could speculate. It was unrelated to the call I'll be speculating okay, yeah yeah, so he fires them and then and then how much time passed before they blackmail the company it's a week or two that's when they demanded the six billion Casey Wasserman Rickman said he was belligerent on the phone. If he didn't get his six million. You know with a name like laundry service. You guys could have been more skeptical. It sounds like they're laundering money. It sounds shaded if again, when the laundry service but I'm assuming this is a big reputable media company, what does it mean to buy media okay in marketing there's at least two disciplines with social media? Maybe a third one. Is you actually create the ads, creative and shoot the ads? The second is you have the money to run the ads? The creative is maybe a six seven million dollar year account the media buys maybe an 80 or 90 million dollar a year account, and that was called going through them. Yes, so they were, they were. There was a lot of money going through them. They there was a lot at stake by firing them. They were losing a lot of money. Yes, it's a little bit worse than that, because laundry service had hired a lot of people thinking they were going to get the media side of the business. That's my understanding, oh so they had invested heavily in Papa John's and then when they were fired, you think it provoked them because they would put them in a very rough position. I, don't know a lot about this because I wouldn't involve, but I do know that they were worse than provoked. They were, they were very upset that they didn't. They lost the media, and so then they come a week later and say: pay us six million bucks which I'm just going to assume is what they spent preparing or something maybe and there, if I'm, just trying to justify their actions. You're, like you know, we spent six million dollars in Papa John and you pulled the plug on us. So pay us the money or we're going to or release this tape of the founder and instead of they so Papa John's doesn't pay. Now did you know that they were threatening a company, because you were on the board of directors at a time, Richie was the CEO, so did you know that they were threatening the company? Was that public knowledge among the board? Yes, yeah, yeah yeah. We knew that and were you scared? I mean what was your responded? I didn't like the whole situation, oh yeah, because I had a lot of involvement with all your service I like the fact that Ritchie had fired him the day after the call right, I didn't like the fact they taped the call secret to live, and then oh yeah. In fact, when they told me that they want six million dollars or they're gonna bury the founder, they have a tape, actually went thank God. They got a tape. The tape will protect me because I knew what I said was not. That was a good tape for me because it was a very positive meeting, but all this manly it doesn't matter because nobody's heard the tape and damage has been done. Well, laundry service doesn't want anybody. Damage has been done. Yeah yeah, oh my god, yeah. The tape exonerates me I mean you, have the tape. I don't have the tape. You do not have the tape. Yeah I already said that you have heard it I've not heard the tape you're not, but I have people that represent me that have heard the tape. The tape helps me. Okay, I wish the tape was made public. Yeah me, you know, because Papa John's and laundry service do not want that tape public, because it's gonna it's going to depict a whole different picture and what was depicted with Forbes in the media. So how was it reported first that laundry service came to you guys with this tape and said: pay us 6 million or we're gonna release it? How did you first hear about that? Ritchie Ritchie told you he called you. He called me. I was his theory. We went in arson. Yes, in his office, you see if Ritchie knew Carolyn Euler that had the G C legal counsel knew and then the board would have known that Wasserman one at six million dollars or he was going to bury us now, we old at the time we old laundry service between a man and a half and two and half million. So we did own some money. I, don't want to say the six million was you know, blackmail necessarily it was it was. It was exciting. How is it not so I mean extortion is illegal. So how is it that you guys weren't able to press charges against them? Why would Papa John's put me in that situation? Why would they not call the FBI right? Why well that you gotta call the yeah sorted. You know your founders on the line and they're paying him in a box that he something he didn't say and he's not and in at the same time, once it comes public on a false narrative, then they bury me farther hmm. So the question is well pop: it was Papa John's and on this. Yes was Richie and the Shapiro and on this yes, but that's an event, but remember I'm, hammering on Goodell I'm telling the the Goodell to get his act together so whose get delegate bells the Commissioner of the NFL. Oh right and I'm telling well Goodell his personal friends Watchmen they watch each other, kids and so forth, because they do all the media buying for the NFL. You got me hammering on Goodell, get your act together about the kneeling kneeling, I, didn't say any about the kneeling. I just said to resolve this to the players and owner satisfaction. He's friends with Washington Washington owns laundry service. So all you were pissing a lot of people off piss. A lot of people of I was pissed off you're pissing, powerful people off Goodell for sure that and I think the fact that we were in four universities with a free market and entrepreneurship that probably upset a few folks at on that side of the equation, but I think Richie was gonna, lose this job. He did right. Curtly wanted to be chairman of the board Shapiro. He wanted that forty fifty million a year in marketing that we talked about Adele one need to go away and Washington was pissed because he lost the media business. So I think you have a bunch of audit of a hurricane middle of a bunch in the look at the sediment at the time with the public. You know you have all these movements they're going on that are just we just fell right into it and instead of the company being there to help and protect the brand, the spokesperson they kind of piled on. Were you not able to call the FBI yourself we did. We have called the FBI. The FBI is looking at this, but I mean you got to have cooperation from, but from corporate and from laundry rooms. That's why we filed a lawsuit. The lawsuit will get a lot of discovery, a lot of the things that the day of reckoning, the truth will come out and fall suit. I'm fascinated by this first meeting with Richie. When you sat down in there What did, he say I'm just I'm so interested by that when at the time you thought he was a friend, it was a lie. We'll keep this pretty high-level, move quick on this, but the meaning was supposed to be a meeting on the creative because they were going to put me back in the ads. They took me out of theirs from September October up till down we're talking. You know, June July timeframe, maybe May, but we were going to go back in the edge, and so we went back in the edge we wanted to make sure. On a PR front. We were ready in case that the race card came out because of the kneeling controversy. The meeting was supposed to be on creative. The other aspect of marketing, so I walked in thinking. It was a creative meeting and the first thing they put down is a sheet of paper. How many people were there? Five or six? Okay board members? No, not just executive assistant. Was there Ritchie? Was there okay guy named Joseph Stein for laundry service? Okay? Oh so he was there yeah. What was he doing there if he was threatening you well? That was Wasserman that member that's after two weeks after that, all right, but what okay go ahead? May the 27th of my original conference call not day not that threatening. Oh that's, okay! So so we got a meeting on the May of the 22nd. We think it's a marketing meeting, okay and it turns in to be the first they put down a deckhand said. The first question is: are you a racist and I'm like whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, weird I, know it's a setup go ahead? No, I'm fascinated they say. Are you a race? Are you a racist and I looked around I'm gonna? What word of this I thought we were going to talk about creative, hmm and he said no we're going to talk about. You know anything to do with race and PR in this meeting, because you're gonna go to Chicago Sunday for some interviews and I said well, who else? How long have you all known? We were gonna. Do this meeting hmm and they said well about day and a half or two days. I said: well, why didn't you all give me? The agenda you were irritated from I was irritated for yeah because they they pull a fast one art from the get-go, so they're just trying to agitate, agitate agitate what other kind of questions on there I mean. That's a hell of a way to start is: are you a racist, Wow yeah and how and and the call was for 50 minutes long, 50 minutes and what other kind of questions you recall if I'm asking upbringing how was raised, you know it wasn't really sensitivity, they were. They were prodding yes, and did you get a sense that there was something off about the meeting? I never got comfortable with the meaning, but to the point where I was a little bit careful about my responses because I didn't you know, I didn't feel good about it, but yeah in the comment. At the end, nobody thought anything of it. You know: hey y'all, gonna, knock this off from Sanders calls black people. Inward I never used that word. So, let's just start in their mind. They're like we got bets without the I think you're right. Wow and so fast-forward a week later, when you walk into Ritchie's office, and he tells you that the company's being extorted, what was that meeting like I go? What do you mean and he said the guy was going off the deep end. He was belligerent. That was the word for it to use. That's. Why is he belligerent? He goes. He wants at 6 million dollars because he's got a tape that says you know. You said the n-word I said well, I didn't say the word. The context I said you know. I, never say that word and I said the tapes gonna help us Steve and then so from you know the end of May 1st of June to the first week of July. They try to get it resolved, so they were gonna. The lawyers are going back and forth mm-hmm, so I guess he didn't get resolved until the end of the end of July this. So so, when they decide to make it public, what did they? They never actually released the tape. They just made a like a an announcement, but what did they announce because that the tape has never been released? So what actually did they say when I got off the aircraft coming back from Columbus Ohio on the 10th 5 o'clock, Carolyn Euler called being said? Who was that the GC at Papa John's mm-hmm, and because she was trying to get the matter resolved or so she said with laundry service. She said the head of HR for laundry service is talking to Forbes about the use of the n-word and that's the first notice. I got in a couple hours in Arts, Inc yeah I win, oh gosh. Here we go yep, it was I mean I, but I didn't know that the people on the inside that I thought were protecting me were actually setting all this up and then Forbes called at8 said we're run this article. Do you want to comment I said? Well, let me see the article said. Well, you don't get to see it. You see in the paper tomorrow morning at 5:30 and next day advise you leave a comment. No I didn't get to see the article right. I didn't you know, I didn't know where they were headed. You regret not getting a comment. No, because I had no idea what was going on right. Well, you knew that there you probably knew at the time it was gonna, be Papa. John said the n-word. Is that what you expected? No, not what you expected, knowing what I've known through the NFL before when I said. Let's settle this between the owners and the player satisfaction and they turn that into race. I knew that it was a very dangerous position for me to be in I knew this was not good. I did not know my own company in an agency who was hired to keep this from happening. We were in on this to actually make it worse, not better. So you were you shocked when you read the article in the morning, um I was shocked at the headlines and right you know, I was like wow I, remember the headlines what they said they the headline played up the use of the n-word it made it sound like that. I'd called somebody right word: it's just Papa John used the n-word. They made it accusatory nature when what I said was I. Don't use that word. So, let's not use that word. In fact, if I go to dinner and somebody uses that word one time don't say the word and I'll get up and leave dinner. I literally would and I've done that more than once, but it's just not a good word. So don't use the word. I, don't use the word I'm you you how many times you uh I, guess and can I've never been at dinner with somebody who's, the n-word I. Don't know if it's an area happened yeah, but it's a it's. A different lay the land, yeah I, think people I mean in LA I guess people are more conscious, but you think there's still a lot of racism out there in your parts, no I don't think it's prevalent, but sometimes you get some others had a few things get a little sloppy. It's like it's, not cool, yeah, yeah, yeah I feel you. If it was part of the vocabulary, they wouldn't be. Somebody I associate with anyway. Yeah right, but some people think it's cute or funny or way try to the edge yeah and it's not yeah. So the headline comes out. It's shocking. The the shock back and the media is is immediate, yes, and, and we're and I as I understand it. Correct me. If I'm wrong, you were removed from board of directors. That very day no resigned is the chairman. You resigned was that? How does that look because of? Were you? Al stood I mean or you resigned, almost the difference. The I don't wanna get too technical, but this is corporate governance. The shareholders vote the Board of Directors in mmm-hmm, so to get a board of director removed to takes a shareholder vote. We didn't have a shareholder vote in at the time I had 31 percent. That would have been in tough to get rid of me as a board of directors. The Board of Directors vote on who's. The chairman, the Board of Directors, asked me to step down as chairman because of what they felt like it would save the company so Wednesday the 11th I'm still thinking the Board of Directors is still in John's. Camp and I had a couple meetings with one or two directors that Thursday or Friday I still thought the Board of Directors was in the John camp. It was until Saturday night that he called an emergency meeting on Sunday that, oh, my gosh, my own board is now going to use this to hurt me because you know I think the the stepping the act of stepping down was like almost came off as an admission of guilt. I didn't have a choice. Let me have a choice: well, the Board of Directors. They voted you, oh they would they would a boat about if I had to step down. I said yeah well, what a nightmare that week must have been, for you mean Jessica, yeah I mean there was that that night and then remember by this time we had two PR experts on staff and the Wednesday that this happened. 11Th was the last time they ever talked to me, so nobody on Papa John's has ever called to help. So you got two people they're supposed to be crisis manager in the shitstorm and nobody from the company suspicious. What's going on here, I had hired an agency out in LA a general 11 o'clock on Saturday night. That's what I realized we had a problem. Yeah is this [ __ ] these crisis management people cuz it I mean the crisis, wasn't managed, it was full-blown. Did they help I'd say they agency that I have today. Proactive is turned it around for sure the agency we used in LA, we've used them twice and your point hasn't been been been good for me. Mm-Hmm, but proactive has been very good. The position we're in today versus where was at seven months ago, is nine-day. We're now on the offensive. Do you regret not do you have any regrets about how it all went down anything you would redo over well I'll, be fine I mean you know, I'll be fine. The damage done to the employees I keep coming back to that I know in the franchisees these people the way they handle this and the way they went about this and their motives have hurt a lot of people. That part keeps me up. At night. There I has been nice where I laid in bed going. My gosh, you know, that's not what I said and that's not what I'm about how you know it is. You know, never thought my world was going to come to an end, but it's kind of like kind of scary, because you kind of don't know how to get yourself out of this mess and the when you're painting in the corner of race, it's bad. It's a terrible position to be in, and especially when you're not there's been days where I wish I'd have said something that was or acted like. I was racist because then, then you get treatment or you get help or you say you're sorry, but that's not my nature. That's not what I am as a beam and that that's all you know, how can you say, you're, sorry, for something there may be correct the record like hey, uh, I, guess you did you expect someone to do that for you. Well, if the this has caused a tremendous amount of damage, the company was making 150 million dollars a year now makes basically zero. If the board stops and says he's on probation mm-hmm, you know he's on the bench till we find out what happened here. They had the tape within a week. They could have said. Oh my gosh, he didn't what he said was anti-racist and it was a positive call. He's not you're not portraying this right if they would characterize it in a truthful manner. We're out of this mess pretty quick and they didn't. Instead, they piled on. They dug themselves in a hole when they realized that what I said was nothing wrong with it. They've gone so far that they couldn't turn back and they're there today they're in a position where they can't turn, they can't turn back. They can't take the hit and the mistake of how they handle this, because why the shareholders and why the well the shareholders have not filed suit against the company, because the stocks high we'll talk more about that later, but why the franchisees m filed suit against the company I don't know: did your personal net worth take a hit? Well, when I was running the company we we were at 89 bucks a share and now I think we're at 65, but at one time the stock got down to 39 right. Oh it's. You know 39 verse, 265, it's like ha I mean it's, but so the stocks actually doing well, there's a concept called private equity and private equity is probably the most dangerous financial instrument ever created by mankind because it inflates the values, the pease and so stock prices are kind of pulled being pulled along by the private equity farce and so Papa John's. You think it's worth much less than it's being portrayed on the stock market, Papa John's yeah. How is the company worth two billion dollars that makes zero mm? Tell me I, don't know you know you know 2021, they may make 40 million bucks, you mean if they don't have any one-time write-offs that they've had for three years a girl. They keep em one time right off year after year, which is pretty amazed every think about just dumping your stock. Now, while you can oh yeah I've had, but you still have 17 percent right. No I had one time: I had 31 percent ten million shares and now I'm, probably closer to two or three million shares, so you've dumped a lot dumped a lot of stock. It's my way shorten the company. Oh I, don't think the company's worth anywhere near to 65 bucks a share unless Jeff Smith who's, the chairman, the board, who owns a company, called starboard value. Unless he's found a bigger sucker than he is to buy the company. You know 70 75 I, don't think becoming you'll stay at 65. Bucks I. Think the stock price is the last card in the house of cards to fall, but they may have the company soul. You know, you know, got work out there. You got inspired brands Rob Lynch, the CEO came from kamar B's, which was inspired brand, so inspire brands. Maybe you think the Arby's is behind the pizza Dilla. Do you think RVs? Do you think it's an abomination of your name that they use papa in the Papa della Papa di I didn't feel any animosity, and do you think Arby's is behind the Papa dia I have no reason to believe influence. Why would it's the CEO of Arby's came to Papa right? Yes, so I'm saying that madness, the Arby's madness he's not from the pizza category. He has no pleasing experience correct so he's coming at Papa, John's and he's pitching this crazy nonsense like the puppet, Papa, diya, um I, don't know about all the wall. I just know that the only way you can justify $65 a shares if you got a buyer mmm and so stay tuned, the next 50 to 35 days see what happens you see if inspired brains, don't coming about Papa Johnson now. Well, you know in by the way, if you, if, if Jeff Smith, can find a bigger sucker than he is then good good for him who Jeff Smith is the chairman of starboard value now he's here? Why do you say that, because the 65 bucks is Jerry, oh he's strike price is 51 and the company's worth 2 billion dollars. That makes zero he's put money into the company 250 million oh wow. Otherwise the company was this is how bad it got. The company was in violation of their covenants on their loans, had to come in and say the liquid injection yeah to keep the stock price up to keep no to keep the company running default from the bank loans, Wow, yeah scary times that guy sweatin, you think, no is he sweating I, don't think he's sweat, I! Think the Board of Directors of Papa John's was fighting before he put in 250 million. Now, if inspired brands, work doesn't buy this company in the next 50 to 75 days, they're, all glad they're, all gonna be sweatin bowling right and the pizza won't save you if they don't fix it yeah. So I'm I want to go back one more time to this big conspiracy. This phone call was there a moment where you're like well, you had a moment of realization that you had been betrayed by everybody and when was that moment, I can remember talking to our ad agency and second-biggest franchise, March April of 18, for this happened and going what's going on here, because it wasn't we we felt something was going on, but we didn't know the conspiracy with Richie and Shapiro, and currently we did not know that and then Dan has just walked into the room and disrupted everything. Why are we in the room down? Okay, thank go ahead. Dan, maybe not dan has ruined the show. Thank you. Dan dan is angry. He looked up. Oh thank you, Dan for being proactive, but thank you Dan. Let me get my thoughts together here you I was you were talking about them. You were talking to the franchisee about the moment. You realized. We we knew Richie was a bad actor march/april of 18. The call was the 22nd. I was gonna fire Richie in July, hmm, so Richie knew I was gonna fire him. So when did I realize it was as bad as it was about a month or two after July 11th I was because the company every day would do something to make it worse instead of trying to salvage it or make it better or you know to get the truth out there, they actually pay kept paint me in that race corner, and so my own company was trying to even try to fill me under the bus, so that was that was, and so that a month or two after after the it hit the wire I knew the company was my worst enemy. When did this day, the company still my worst enemy right when it comes to the PR, the Anwar, because they won't let it go, they keep trying to bring it up mm-hmm. Why? Because it's the only way to keep me out. You know once we debunk the n-word which we're going to when we get the tapes, then the company's got a big problem. When you realize you were betrayed by your company, did you pick up the phone that you call somebody did you do something? What did you do? Yeah I would talk to my confidence and my confidence Zimmerman. The Dean you know heard Erin Thompson. Was there a moment where you stormed into Papa John's headquarters? Oh there was there were some by this time. There miss running the Miss managing the company and they're doing things that are gonna, hurt people and you've stormed into the office in storm, but I. Let him know that I wasn't happy, did they ever not? Let you in oh yeah I've, been barred from Papa John's. So was there a moment you went there and they're like sir. You can't come in no there's moments, I went there and all the but employees when they saw me they started crying cuz they're. Happy to see me. People were crying, oh yeah, they know man, you got it. I love people and I love pizza, I mean I love my employees. They know that so you can't ever take that away, but yeah and so the the new, how many people cried when they saw you tears. Oh, it was a dozens dies. Oh yeah, the tears were flowing, yeah, I, remember, Kim and the corporate headquarters, the Rd Department they felt mad. Oh, they know what happened. I mean again. We come back to the people that wake up every day make this country great they're smart. They know exactly what's going on, so there was never this movie moment where you went there, you're like I'm coming up and they're like sir. You can't come up well, what they do is they hire lawyers to say that you can't come up again? Okay, so you went up and they're like get out. You can't come back and the work. What does the lawyer say just restraining order? What does it mean? Well, you can't go up, I, don't know if they threatened a restraining order, but they they definitely did everything they could to keep me out of the building and to keep me out of the stores you ever poke them. You ever show up at the stores- oh yeah, yeah yeah, any good stories. What's the best provocative, what's the best poke I, don't know if it's a poke, it's just. You know it's when you own as many shares as I. Do you want to make sure that you want to see? What's going on yeah? We ordered pizzas last week in DC and that's the colonel colonel Freitas, a colonel who works for Papa. Yeah government worker actually owns a franchise, and you know he's a he's, a pretty good operator and the the pizza they miss. You know made the pizza supposed to be half pepperoni. Half meat I mean a pepperoni half cheese, so they messed up order up. Pizza wasn't cooked right. It's undercooked and the employees weren't nice to the people around me. They were rude now that would have happened under my watch. You know how can you control on such a granular level? What goes on at a pop of junk, because it's the same machinery yeah, it's the same protocol? How has the peach it changed so dramatically? You stop! Measuring the matrices which we measured. Quality I mean we measured how many pepperonis, how many times the phone? Why would they stop doing that because it costs money cuz, there's three reasons you stop measuring one is to measure cost money, especially when you measure the hardest things like you know, edge, lock, cheese, the edge is the cross Rising 2. Is you don't care, don't care what you're serving? Why measured in 3? Is you know it doesn't matter? You know the difference between this pizza Papa is presenting for audio listener. This is this. He has pictures of photos that he's presenting of Pappajohn pizzas he's presenting a 10/10, which is a beautiful pie, corresponds with the 10 points. The perfect endpoint now the the newman's of a new leadership through this to the wayside. They got rid of this because it's expensive, but the problem is when you train people to do this, and you don't measure thanks, better-looking this now, what do you write there? 4, that's a 4. So what we're getting? We should be getting his tens, so we're getting fours now they won't go from a 10 to a 4 overnight or in a year, but they will go from a eight and a half pizza to a seven, a half pizza on the way to six and half pizza. If you don't measure you, don't you got the measure well now that we're on the topic. We have five Pappajohn pizzas backstage, let's bring them in and let's have you rate each one. Can we do that I think so, let's bring it in Dan and while while dance setting that up this is gonna, be fascinating. I mean to have the Papa John. Here they are so now we've got five pizzas. Thank you! Dan dan, you didn't ruin the show you were. We love you Dan, we love so now. Here we go so you want to just go handheld, maybe Dan or whatever, so we're going to set up the camera. This is a big moment for us. So let's start here, oh yeah, well, yeah. Let's throw it to a quick break. There's a buzzing in here too. It's like really sharp we're gonna. Take a quick break when we come back. We're gonna gauge pizzas, with the Papa himself. So do not go away. We are back with Papa John. We are about to rate the on. The scale of world is at one to ten one to ten the quality of these five pizzas. Now it's from the same store, you know what we should have done. It's got five pizzas from five different stores, because if it's a good store, maybe there's just one good employee is making good pies. It's not representative over the whole thing, but regardless of that here, we've got a cheese pizza. You look at a shot, I mean that looks, and that looks clean to me. Give me that rating break that down for us okay and bring the mic up to your mouth. Okay, ten point perfect scale, not a bad cook cook. Little light plenty of cheese, mmm see the edge lock the edge lock around the edge lock. You want it edge lock, because if you don't edge lock it when you take a bite, the ingredients to fall off how's the edge lock the edge lock is the cheese lock into the crust how's it here, um good, better, but still sloppy. Oh really, what's a perfect edge luck! Let's try bite! Okay, here's this mental part, there's a perfect! Oh, just a perfect little more cheers. I've always wanted cheers Cheers to Papa. Okay, there's there's a great edge lock, but on the scale to 10. That's that's borderline! Eight! That's servable! That's servable! I'd, say so break that down the crust could be. You could rise a little more mm-hmm. You want a little bit more like a French bread. Where's got the cells are different. Are the pizzas just go through a machine, though? How do they control the cook? Miss it's called an M dog. It's where you it's, how you managed the dough. Gonna means the dough correctly together to react good in the oven. The oven is like a convection oven. It's really no process dough or process. Hmm, don't wear heat yeah, but this is a good pie. That's a good pie, good pepperoncini butter in the right place. You could serve this pizza. That's that's! That's gonna be happy with that. I would be happy with that -! That's the worst! We serve we're good. What do you rate that if I was really hard, seven and a half Wow if I was generous, eight eight and a half Wow cuz he's seven, a half now clean edges, right and you're? Looking at a tomato sauce? How do we prevent the bubbles that unavoidable and no that's dough docking, that's the machine and then it's of attending, but if you're not measuring it, this will slip into some bad habits right. So this is not bad habits all the way, but it's it's! It's it's baby. Stepping away from this mm-hmm so see that let's look at the other ones. Oh yeah! This is the worst we ever serve. We'd be weird! Oh, this is and Papas being tough here. This is a seven. A half I give this up. I give this a 10 I could eat the whole thing in five seconds: okay! Well, the minute! Why you do what you do? That's why I do what I do right? I mean yeah, exactly I, don't run a pizza chain here now. This is the funny now. This is the heart Valentine's Day pizza were you? Does this predate your Houston? No, no. We did that product. How am I supposed to eat this there's no slice on it. You smelled it I, don't know if I've ever seen a hot. Now, that's a Poppaea Ethan's Papa deal. That's what that is. No I mean it's a gimmick, um! It's a heart-shaped piece, it's cool, but you still got to cut it. We can't rate this I. Don't know why they don't cut it. That's a bumper! That's a Papa deal yeah exactly I agree right where they came up with the calzone, but yeah. This is fun. It's Valentine's yeah! You know it's got plenty toppings for what it is. It's fine I agree. It's I give it a ten, because it's fun I tend for fun everybody, but I. Don't know why they didn't cut it. Yeah I mean I, don't know if they're supposed to cut it. I, don't know if they're, because I'm gonna take another bite of this I'll, make sure you get on your side. Yeah, you don't have anything. You know many cooties anything I know one thing: is they didn't they're gonna Travis with me too, though? One thing they didn't do is put the no. No that's not a time. I. Don't know you know Korver geniuses trying to have it trying to save 12 cents, cost 12 cents, tinder 12. Since I've it's been a while since I've been everything you ever think about cutting it for cost me yeah, no way you live and die by the butter sauce on won the game that does it. I love the blue collar brother. We've done that since day, one garlic, butter, salt and garlic, but we now have you know we do it in mass quantities. So it's a little bit different recipe, but it tastes the way we did it from the broom closet. So today, 35 years ago, was that your idea, the butter we had a independent pizzeria in New Albany next to Jeffersonville and they put butter in the box and I liked the concept and we started it and people fell in love with him. When you never could stop it I'm surprised the corporate geniuses haven't taken the bake they might yeah. They might I mean it's like five million bucks a year. Thirty million bucks wow. That's a lot of butter, a lot of man! Yeah! Are you tuned on that? Oh wow? So now this is the Papa's favorite. We went back in that in the Oh John's favorite yeah, which they removed from the website. By the way. Oh, they did. Yeah I don't exist the pepperoni sausage and six cheese yep. Let's break it down. Okay, it's a little dry. The crust didn't quite have that good rise in it. You've got good distribution of toppings. There's a little bit of sauce on the edge edges are not clean again we're we're in the ballpark of 1/8 you're hot. You are a tough Pizza critic. My friend well mmm, if the, if it had a good rise to it, see it's a little flat because they're not manage of the dough Cheers wait see how flat it is right. You don't fight you're right, it's good fly yeah, but you know you get the point when you've done this millions of times where you can kind of see, if you're the pizza god, then you don't have to eat 50 pizzas in 30 days, you just need a couple bites and you know what's going on, are you Pizza Jesus Christ? Are you the savior of pizza, we're gonna, find out here? I fear the, but if you're the pizza Jesus Christ, then Richie is Judas. Do you agree the Richie's Judas? He asked for all this right right. Of course that's, but I actually agree. You Newton, you nailed it. The the crust is too thin in and infects the I. Don't like the crust major dry, it's dry! You want to keep that moisture. So what do you give that one? Because I didn't like that one because of the crowd I give it looks. I could almost get into an eight, but again they don't measure this. The problem is, it looks great, but it doesn't taste that great Christ no longer measure the rise come on. You got to measure the rise in the best way to measure rises as a cheese pizza mmm. So if you get the cheese pizza right, then you'll get all the other products right, but they stop. They stop this. How do you measure the rise because you cut it and then you dissect it like surgery, yeah, and you see how much that French stole? Look you got and so, but what affects it? The dough? What happens if in the morning you go to make you? Do the dough you're not getting that rise? Then there's OHS out there too green. What do you do? New? It's not warm enough or the oven settings are not correct, so you got a tinker, you got a tinker, but we have a management system in place to make sure that that process happens correctly. But what gets measured gets done? You know you. What you inspect is what you expect right. They stop this. This is a problem, huge problem, huge problem, okay, same problem, Wow all right see how their plumped up here absolutely do fundamental things in a pizza ingredients out to the edge ingredients in every bite. No ingredients there, no ingredients there I we're getting we're back to the desert yeah. That's that one I'm having a huge problem with this area, yeah that product that's not as bad as theirs. You know simple as some of these other ones, but you see you're on your way. Papa is you're on your way to this. With this see, that's a disaster. It's a disaster me and you're, getting close all right. Now, let's go to drive. Let's just the rise. This store is having a rice problem: they're not managed in the dough and they're not means the dough. Goes there not inspect. That's not up. There's not up-tempo. A ten-point, perfect pizza scale went out the window when I left mmm. That's our friend, Richie Judas. How much don't call him Judas? What's his last name, Steve Richie, Judas Richie, that's not good, not good. It's not good. The rise is all Wow, so if you're at home and you're not getting this with a good rise, you need to call the store and ask for a new pizza. You think Domino's, Pizza, Domino's and pizza give a guarantee why shouldn't Papa John's no guarantee? Oh, that's a little better. That looks a little better. That's gonna be an eight and a half pizza at 10. Well, if we got to get a little rise, I mean if we had a little rise here, then we're approaching it now with this pizza. This is gonna, be a little flat too it's the same story. I mean it's the same dough then right. So this is a disaster logs bathroom, it's just Papa, John's, hmm, when the dough Rises and it mixes with the sauce the when the yeast feeds off the sugars to creat co2 when that co2, that that chemical reaction mixes with the sauce that gives our product that zing hmm. And if you don't, if you don't have that chemical reaction with the dough the rise, you knows anything and this place did that happens in and the zing is the capital, P and Papa I. Think so. Yeah me too. It's not. It doesn't have I, think, take a piece of Wonder, Bread, little perfect cells and take a good piece of French bread, mmm, there's a huge difference, guys one has a good rise and one doesn't this product? It's not the recipe of the dough I. Don't think they've changed that too much, even though they changed it a little bit. It's the how their mange in the dough see there's three things that make a great product consistency, how you put the product together ten-point scale in the ingredients. Now they have changed ingredients somewhat. They got rid of the olive oil if I'm at Pizza, University right you answer yourself. A pizza professor I mean I, just know what tastes good yeah I mean. You know, as my farmer friend says, the Modesto, it's the food stupid. You know. Most people have rocks for taste buds, especially the corporate geniuses. They really don't care if it tastes good or not all they care about stock price, you earning, so they don't really care about the people in the product, but at the end of the day you know people that can taste the difference, you're going to pay the difference. That's our loyal customers, all right, and if you get it right, they can tell the difference and they'll pay the different eat the pizza. You know what I mean you know: they're they're up in their ivory towers and they don't eat the pizza, I think you're right, unfortunately, I think you're right. You need people that that love pizza, the manager in that store, is the center of the universe. The mayors are some of the universe, the center of the universe, oh they're, that they're the you know the the glue that holds it all together. You know they're the one that builds great teams, I make a great pizza and they really make Papa John's go Wow treasure a treat so well. I mean what was your overall impression. I think the presentation was good, but there's a real crust issue going on here. It's an epidemic, I would say it's on. I would say it's the new D coronavirus of Papa John's. Well, you know, as Ray Kroc said, your quality is only as good as your consistency right and what you saw here is bad habits right, but they're consistent, and so you know you want to get the point where you're doing the right things in a very consistent way. So if there's no surprises with the consumer, but there was a lot of good with these pizzas I agree. But if you look these product two years ago versus 18 months versus 12 months, every six months, if they don't measure it, it will continue to get worse to the point where then your average score is the six and then you're dead, you're dead and you're dead. When you were running everything, how frequently do you do this kind of quality control? You look great question, the the. How do you measure a million pizzas a day and the answer? Is you? Don't you measure 70,000 a year and you poll, and so, if you measured enough and you incent, what gets measured gets done? What gets rewarded gets repeated, so we paid bonuses on doing this, the right way and that's all been cut out. Oh right, so they don't get in a bad. It's like your diet or your exercise. You you don't get in the bad habit. You know in a day you're slowly over time, getting a bad habit and what will happen if they don't measure this, then over time, it'll get worse and worse. The point where you can't even recognize a product from this now is this that no, but at least it's in the ballpark, now a few of those other pieces that I showed you. You know that's death. What do you think about Domino's at Pizza I? Think they I think they do a nice job. I mean I, really the business. For a reason. What do you like to call them little seizures, mm-hmm I, think for the the money, they're gonna value, great value. They use fresh paxos, a good product and that's the thing with we were talking earlier about no experience. I mean this is not like. I mean the head guy, Papa John's he's done sandwiches Arby's! Well, there's no really national roast beef chains, except for Arby's. He waited Taco Bell. Where there's no national chains, you know, do tacos, but Taco Bell pizza you've got for big players that are all pretty good at what they do right and then you got another half the market. That's your independence, which are really good at guerrilla warfare, so I mean they're, tough I'm, going to do a spot podcast this week with independent, called Rocco's out of New York they're based in DC, but they're come from New York and I mean the guy's a street fighter. I mean the hoses business. I mean he's gonna, get you so much more competitive, hyper-girl yeah! It's it's tough! You got to be really really good to be successful at the pizza delivery business and you know you keep seeing these little chinks in the armor. Those little chinks are gonna. Add up to the big bad chinks mm-hmm. Well, we've pretty much said it all. Papa John we've eaten pizza. We've talked to pizza, we've talked Pizza, conspiracies I mean what what stone is left unturned. What do we? What what's left? Is there anything you want to add? Is there anything that I should have asked you, and did it I mean there's a lot of ins and outs here? Is there anything you want to say to the people to find people of the world and by the way, I do want to say actually just to ask you a question now that you answer it we reached out to Papa John years ago, because we are we've sold I like to say: I, sell, more Papa, John pizzas and Peyton Manning I. Don't I don't follow football. Is that the guy who would you spin that yeah yeah I'm Peyton's a great hockey player, [Laughter] I've, sold more pizzas than Peyton Manning yeah? My dietician was adamant on me. Coming on this show, you know: that's the guy back, yes, yeah, adamant that come on this now eight years ago and I said I said why I had my agent at the time reach out. I says why can't we get a deal with Papa John I'm gonna sell P I'm gonna I'm gonna put points on that stock, but they declined. But you heard of the offer yeah I got to you. Yes, ah that's I wanted to do it. I mean you know it's so interesting. So what happened? Well, you know it's like it's like meeting somebody and they go. You know I, think I. Think I'm, crazy, I, think I'm losing my mind. I just you know, and then you meet somebody says I'm, not crazy. You know I'm not crazy. Well, the person thinks the loss of mine they're, not crazy. The people that think they're not crazy, they're crazy. This self-righteous Oh John. You can't go on that, show 2:11 Ethan. Oh my gosh, you know and we're so self-righteous. Our words are perfect and our behaviors are perfect. Those are the people that are doing things behind the scenes. Dangerous dangerous, that their their behavior behind the scenes was scared and strike a raccoon. But you forgot to ask me about graduating college. In three years: I totally forgot, you have to I. Did you so you go ahead, yeah any second in my class second from the bottom: oh really, yeah, I! Guess it Alaska in my pocket. I got a picture just to make myself feel good and did you so didn't you didn't finish in three years. You were finished in three years. It sounds like we finished in three years, all but one class. So did you graduate I get it second, the class? Second from the bottom yeah? Okay, you got it material yeah! You brought it material prepared any other bits. You got no I appreciate. You all have delight know if dominoes ever reached out they're like wow wow. What would you say? Well we're working on Wow a lot of things in the future. The remember I, love, pizza, I, love people whoa wait. Is there possibility that there's a whoa? What are you announcing here today? Well, we uh. We always are in search for a better pizza and we always are when I was with Papa John's. You always gotta have better ingredients. You can't make a soap well, salad, Domino's has been making some big moves in the pizza category. Yeah they've killed it the last 10 years, they've done really well. You think that their will could be a worthy Ally to you. I, don't know about that. We haven't talked about that. I do know that we're always in search of a better pizza and I'm, trying to end a site for what that I mean and there's a couple pizza areas that really make a real, really good pizza and we're looking at we're doing a show. You can have personal. That means you you're going to invest in them. Well, Papa John's. We always wanted to be America's independent pizzeria, because the independents make the best pizza there's the right, throw in it right and we were public. We were a big company, but we always tried to act like a family-run business with regards to people and product and that's what the independents do they have to. They got to be scrappy and they got a [ __ ] though the food is the food stupid, so we're doing a podcast with Rocco's a pilot. This week you heard for the first time up in DC and we're gonna we're going to hit Rocco's pizza. Now they know what they're doing. This is a ground up the best man. Well, this is well I'm, not I'm, not investing I'm, just going to go in its called pizza with Papa. You know you're, making a pizza podcast with with pizza, with Papa, with Rocco's pizza. That's our pilot. So what is this Rocco's pizza? You see want to be a have a vested interest in their success. Well, we have I love small business. Yes, small business is what makes America great and even as big as Rocco makes better pizza than Papa. He makes really good pizza ma if they keep doing this. Yes, I do because he's making sure this doesn't happen. In fact, if you go in - Rocco's you'll see he doesn't violate any laws that 10 planking he gets. Is it like the 10 commandments, like the pizza, is like the Ten Commandment, but he's interesting he's Papa. If I'm reading between the lines it sounds like you are in the beginning of of getting behind a new pizza empire to rival your former I, see a great battle or just Rocco's ve Papa John. No, but the shows of the show is all about the American dream: it's all about small business and since I love pizza. What better way to go to the American dream to America's independence and we're going to start off with Rocco heats it with Papa and that's going to be fun, and then we got a few other things we're looking at with finding a better pizza. You know always in search of a better pizza, and so the independent pizzerias make the best pizza. Dr., Mary I would doing that. A TV show like Guy Fieri, like Papa Papa. We got Papa well guys a friend of mine and Papa's, not no guy. You know guys really good what he does. He knows food -. He knows food really well, but I know Pizza, so we're gonna have fun. We're gonna go out the entrepreneurs of America America's, independent, pizzerias, good job, big plan. It's fun, I mean he used. This I mean Rocco uses fresh back sauce. You use the Stanislas which we're big fans of those folks he's using grande grande cheese, which is a higher butter. Fat buttermilk I'll talk about that he's. Using bakers, pride, deck of and that's what we started in when we started in the broom closet, you are scrappy young man with a humble beginning. You you've come to be extremely wealthy, I mean. How does that did you at what point in your career? Did you become be like? Oh [, __, ] I'm, like I'm a wealthy guy? Well, in the broom closet, we did $200 one night, my brother and I we're jumping up because we thought we were rich, so we've always made a good living um no, but come on. There's a okay, we're gonna punch, there's a difference between, like you know, a couple hundred thousand ten million dollars when we went public in June of 93 I didn't have five thousand dollars to take the family on a trip. Really you might look what that little and then the next day I was worth a hundred man. What was [ __ ], so that was the day when we we did, because that was stupid money. It's certain you're, 31 years old, you make a hundred million dollars. You know, there's no way. You know how to handle that. So what happened? You go off the deep end for everything. No, no you tell me I'm stay. You spent like ridiculous bought a boat, that's about a stupid yeah blow Turks Dodge Viper thought that was cool till I got pulled over in it, but I think. What's that like to get that one Fokker, the I've never met somebody, that's successful that was arrogant and pompous that, in the short period of time, became unsuccessful, and so no matter how successful you are. You got to stay gracious. You got to stay, Thanks come on humble and when you make a hundred million bucks at thirty-one, you know you you got to have some people around you to do some pruning to make sure you don't think you're as smart as you think you are, and so you know was it bad, no, but could have been better yeah, but they don't write a book on this crap. You better do that was that cash you just got cash yeah. It's just cat. Just straight to your bank, account no cash and stock stock. So let's say it's go over 80 million in stock and 20 million cash. Nothing with that money probably buy a house, buy yeah, yeah and then, but something like a money in the stock market or the money like a money market account yeah. You try to buy property. How? Yes, you know you buy some Warren Buffett. You know some folks know with what about your family and friends. Were they like whoa this guy's, like do people act differently? I mean that always happens. Doesn't it you know the friends really the family? Is it really that doesn't change them they're pretty, grounded? Because that's just you know to respect the people to make this country great is in making their lives better. I mean that's, that's really the key to happiness. That's how I get fulfilled! You find yourself withdrawn, though, as you become, because it's almost like it's hard to relate to other people. When you come that wealthy right. Do you find yourself withdrawn? More? No, no I, don't have a problem. I mean I actually relate better to a waiter in a restaurant or somebody that's driving them. You know truck then I. Do a governor I do much better with people that work for a living and are scrappy, then I do with people that are wealthy. I can do both, but you know I can have that repertory, but I'd much rather be with somebody. That's I'd rather be with Rocco's pizza next week. Then people then with the vice president and I, like the vice president. He's fine I would wonder with him who would you try to be with Rocco dude once you get a good pile, Mike Pence doesn't seem like a lot of fun, but I don't know how long do you take you to come up with the Ten Commandments dear and enlightening one day there is very perfect yeah. We had this from the get-go you know, but over the years you get research and research refines little things like we always had an edge lock, but we didn't call it that and we always tried to get the ingredients out to the edge just distracting. Here, though, no I think it's great I got I'm just trying that I called me a woman. You say it sucks. Man he's a little um. What did you call it? The crust issue then rise. It has a rise issue, that's all, but you ever get had good on the street from people. Never, we haven't had one incident out in public about this wow. That's what I say a lot of what la vez was fabricated by the the Papa John's in the board, which is very difficult when your own company starts making things up and creates a narrative. That's false! Why? Why did the NFL guy I hate like why? Why did he have it just taste for you, cuz I was on this case to fix the problem. Listen, that's what leaders do they fix the problem? What do you mind explaining a little bit about that issue? Cuz, we didn't really talk about it, but like what do you mean by saying that you were just on him to fix the problem? Okay, our largest bin was the NFL. It was some forty million bucks we're huge how much 40 million 40 million the year givers close to Pizza, sponsor yeah official pizza of NFL. That's you um, and the ratings were all twenty percent because of the Nealon controversy. So there was less ratings, less people watching and you were paying the same amount right. I see take a 20 percent decrease in ratings on 40 mil. How much is that it's an eight million dollar loss, so our being the fourth in the category. We don't really have the sustainability to cover an eight million dollar deficit, so my marching orders to Goodell was fix this to the players and owners satisfaction. He didn't like that. He didn't like that long. In fact, I don't even ever say stop the players from kneeling. No, of course not because the headline that I consumed and always saw was that Papa John doesn't want the kneeling as if you were taking a political stance against that. No no way. So how did that get out? I think the company promoted that to pop it on from even back then was November, I, think, Shapiro and Richie. By that time we're like, if we don't say anything and let the media, you know crucify him, then we can advance to take over who got the story who, like cuz, they got the story wrong. Who originally told them it was Papa. John doesn't want the players kneeling. The comments were 10 after 10:00 on a Wednesday and by within an hour they changed it from fix the problem here: Roger, that's his bad leadership, fix it to the players and owners, satisfaction to kneeling to race and less than one iron and went viral. So it was premeditated. They were sitting on the comments. Well, why don't will? Is it a far? Is it a stretch of the imagination to think that fix the problem means get them to stop kneeling? No, because I think they can deal I think they just have to do in a way that doesn't polarize the situation again. I'm not gonna. Tell him to kneel or not. You just were look I just went online, I just want to resolved yeah because you're and they did get a result, the the following year, but it had gone on too long, but from a from a from a business owner, sample and I can certainly see where you're coming from I mean you're, paying 40 million bucks and now you're getting less eyeballs. Oh yeah, it was you know when you know you have to understand. Eighty percent of the money's going to the NFL are the small business owners. The Papa John's called called the franchisees, so we're expected to be good stewards of their money, and so, when we're spending forty man and we're getting a 20% discount on our spend, then it's my job as a CEO and a publicly held company to say: hey, we got it. We got to resolve this, we need well. We need to get this dinner. That makes a lot of sense and you feel that he had. There were options for him to fix it and like what could he do? He did fix it here. Yeah I'm not exactly sure how you fixed it, but he did fix it within 10 months. They'd been kneeling, didn't there I think they took the kneeling, pregame o or they put a penalty. They did something, but they resolve the issue. Sorry I just took a huge slice of the huge banner did this all. It seems. Let me just chew my food. It's good pizza, just as fries it's my recipe, it better be good. It seems that this whole conspiracy started or the first time I saw you and controversy was Obamacare Affordable Care Act. When you said you opposed and correct me if I'm wrong you, you oppose the Affordable Care Act, because it rise increased the cost of pizzas by 12 cents or something of that nature. No, the analyst worried about the cost of Obamacare our delivery charge per Pete's is about 250 260, a PI Obamacare was 14 cents. So the point was it's insignificant? It's not a problem. I mean it's less than 20 percent of what it costs to deliver the pizza. So it was an analogy to explain that 14 cents of Pizza, because there is a cost- I mean you know when you provide more health care, there's a cost, but it's it's insignificant on because you on it on $11, Pizza, 14 cents just over. You know over a point. So it's not a problem, but your comment was that you were gonna lower employees hours to avoid paying their health insurance a that I will say in Hawaii, there's a franchisee out there, where they had a program similar to Obamacare and that's what he did. He lowered the hours. That's what end up happening with a lot of the companies in the market, but I never said that. So you are saying that that you, your comment was in support of Obamacare and not against. As it sounds like you like you're saying it was 13 cents and that that's a small amount. So who cares? But at the time it was reported in what I've read is that you were saying that it was going to be an undue cost. No I'm paying the my comments were the 14 cents is incidental, it doesn't matter and that it's good that everybody's going to have health insurance. You know, because if we did it, everybody else had to do it. So we looked at it as a good thing. If, as long as everybody did it, you know as one so we didn't. If you look at the speech, I gave it Edison. We looked at it as a very good thing that a hundred percent of employees were gonna, have health insurance. Hmm, that's interesting. There's the transcript totally, not how it was reported, but remember what I told you when this wasn't mm? Well, it was a long November, the 2nd of 2012. Would the company do nothing? What happens when the company does nothing? John gets hurt mm-hmm by November, first of 17. They did it again. They did nothing. I got killed and they painted in the race. So now the company now has a track record of knowing when they don't do nothing. It hurts me and if you're wanting to take me out of the picture, what better way to do it then ignore what was really said. Hmm and of course- but you are saying just for the record- that you never said that your lower employees, hours no I'd, say there's a here's. The beautiful thing is the there's, a tape from Edison College on that speech, which is you can get that tape? If you want to see it, I'll send it to you and ela. The transcript 2017 is a transcript, there's a tape and there's a tape on the laundry service. So there's a tape on all three comments, and none of the comments are indicative of what was reported by the media and Papa. John's did nothing to clear the record now. Is that good, what turned out to be a disaster mm-hmm? So if you take the position, we're going to get rid of the founder and we're going to violate the duty of care and the duty of loyalty and we're going to throw him on the bus under the bus for something you didn't say- probably not legal, probably not cool but they're, making a bet that the company would be better without me right, it's turned out to be a disaster, the company's in trouble, the franchisees in trouble. So not only did they violate the law, not only to do something, it was borderline. Evil, they've heard a lot of people on the way. What would you say, - I imagine what they would say in response to that is that the company was already on the decline because of your actions. I would say that the company was on the decline because they didn't crack the record and they meant let what was mischaracterize carried on and they further embellished. It remember the two people in charge of PR that were supposed to protect me deserted me and call you in the middle of that now I've made these people multi mainers, not one executive. One board member is called and said how you hmm, probably ordered not to communicate with you. I, don't know what it is, but can you imagine a founder building, 5000 tours of a broom closet and having something miscarriage over your family? They had them over. The house at Christmas took them on trips and they don't even call to check out and how you're doing now there's some people that are feels bad they're. Pretty sad, that's pretty sad, yeah I feel sorry for people. That I mean when you build a 5,000 store chain out of a broom closet, and you make all these people multi-millionaires. And you know you have something like this happen. It's untruthful and not fair, and it's not right in the sense that that's not my character, that's not my moral fiber, and yet they don't pick up the phone and say hey where's, a disagreement here, but how you doing how's your family, personal resentment. It sounds like yeah, you expected more from these people. How do you people that yeah people that you think are put together? You know these are leaders of the community. They put together very well, you know they're not put together the way they pretend to be put together in the corporate geniuses. Please do you have trouble trusting people? No, no, but you get better at it. You're more guarded, you're, more you're! More you are, you have to be. You have to be more retreated now and guarded of who you speak to and who you associate with. Yeah there's got to be trauma there, PTSD yeah, potentially the member that you have to look at things of what did I do wrong. What could I have done better and a couple things? One is 31% didn't hold the day it just would so I should have you only 31 percent. You thought that would be enough. I thought it'd be. How did it end up not being enough? Because what happened, though, that 31 wasn't enough to carry another 20 percent against what would the backlash on the inward? So everybody all the other owners colluded to for a community community 51% to oust you, the board source of that the board colluded with the media to make the n-word worse than it was and then went to the other owners and said we have a bad apple in John, that's kind of how they did that. The second thing is is remember, I knew this. Something like this could happen, but not from people around me that I cared about because it wasn't in their best to do this right to your point, the the lesson there is, you have to have a you: have to have your guard up a little better, but I missed the boat on those two aspects and I lost my company and the company now is in trouble. Well, I was gonna. Ask you know in summary. Looking over, though the story as it is, you've got these three big media controversies dating back first time, I heard you in the news in that regard was 2012 with the favorable Court Care Act, which, according to you, was misreported. What's the story in all of this, for you, what do you take away from this whole from this whole experience, you've build it up in 2012, then, in the past couple of years, again, two more controversies with the kneeling and then that phone call where you said the N word like: what's the what do we I mean? What's what how do you what's the story, you know: what's the lesson for you I think the the lesson is you always go through things like this and you come out beside other side, a better person, and this this makes you stronger and better, and it makes you more appreciative, the people that do good and do have a good good soul. The we had a really good thing going. It was making 150 million bucks a year and we had the best pizza and that service and everybody's making a lot of money, so that introduces an element of being comfortable and sometimes when you're comfortable you don't you know, you don't prune the bad parts of yourself as much as you should. Whereas if you go through something like this, it forces you to be a better person in every way and I could have never sold. Eight million shares the stock when in the position, I was a CEO because it would scare derails to death. These folks have come in they've created a mirage and they created a forest. They bump the stock up to 65 and I've been able to sell 70 means I'm kind of a nice thing. It's a real nice thing, because I never would have been able to sell seven eight millions years without silver lining yeah. You cashed out a little bit we're right before you cut it right, plus now, I get me do the math. Would you sell how many seriously so, let's say, eight mil eight million shares, my god, and that what and I what value? Let's just do 50 for math, it's 400 mil, so you cashed out 400 million, and how do you feel I told you I'll be okay that work, so the company pays you four hundred million dollars, people to buy in the stock paid the form, and then this guy is coming in and saving the company with how much 250 mil and you [ __ ], but you just sucked out 400 million. Let's see who's right, Oh somebody's again he's got this thing sold. So what did they expect? They knew you were gonna, sell your stock you'd be kind of be silly of you not to sell well here's what I was hoping. I was hoping they could run it better than I could run it. I really was I mean I. Let's see, let's see, I mean because I, you think. Maybe you don't know as much you let tell maybe they're right, maybe the right and yeah so four o'clock along here at three or four percent comps and we're making good pizza and culture and everybody's getting raises I'm like well, it's not how I would have done it but good for them. But that's not what's happened. You know we're closing stores. I went down to my hometown, store in Park City yesterday to get it the Papa Diaz early Papa's owns, but Papa D is okay and the stores closed I had to drive all the way to Salt Lake, but closing stores, people losing their jobs, and so I can't be part of that and I don't want to be part of it, but the silver lining is now I'm involved with some some health things: I love people, I, love pizza and we've found some things that really can help people's health make people feel better, emotionally, spiritually and intellectually and physically. That turns me on. You got 400 million dollars in the bank. You could do whatever the hell. You want, damn that's more than good to Papa. It's been a blessing from God told you make you a religious man, not religious, but there's. Definitely a higher power. Oh for sure, I was just wondering if faith has been at played a role in your life at all or helped you through this yeah. When you've had your teeth kicked in like this, it puts you on your knees, pretty quickly, which is a good thing. It makes you know number. Oh, my gosh I mean you. You know when you get your noggin knocked around like this on something you really didn't say or do you you get you know. I was always spiritual anyway, because I never - how the speed of light 186,000 miles a second. You know, mother nature I mean I, just find all that like way above my intellectual, oh great yeah, but this will. This will make you. You know this will make you humble in a lot of ways. So have you heard the term that are I sent our fans use a lot? Papa bless, Papa, bless, ya. I hope that all thank you here and before we reached out or connect and got connected, I heard it, but I, don't know what met ya. It's just a weird thing: I really don't even know how it started, but it's so prolific. Now everybody says Papa bus, which is a reference to you, of course, so meant we've all been praying for you this whole time. All these years it worked. I, guess it's it. Working I mean we got Rocco's Rocco's, we got another couple: I've got another I got another couple: peace of places, I'm working on I, can't wait to share with you fun, and then we got this health thing going on how many stocks it? How many shares you have left and Papa John, two mill, three will damn. You are a very wealthy man, Jesus Papa we took, we took the company over and when are you billion? Does that make you and that makes you close closer to the billion than 500 million? But that's no Civ Club it's a blessing and you can do so much good with those resources and I plan on doing that, but we're having fun with people's health and we're having fun with independent pizzerias we're out the father-son pizza, we're out to find a better way to go through life to help other people. Why don't you sell the rest of your stock? What's holding on to it? Well, you you there's laws, oh, so you can only do so much at a time, so you would offload all of it and just move on. If you could I don't know, if I would do that, I can't really say that because I don't know, if that would that would that would do to the stock if I said that, but it sounds like you're saying here that you're suggesting in a in in an indirect way that people should sell their stock. What I'm suggesting is everything I did from ona bring out the ten point baby to seventeen to take the stock from 650 share to $89 every single fundamental thing: we did our principles, our values, our people, our interpersonal relationships, the printables are gone, they're violating and also the company is in financial, it's being floated by this investment. So it sounds like they've artificially inflated the price of the stock I mean now is the time to get out. If you got Papa John stock, it sounds like yeah. The two metaphors that I've use is even if you love the car, you don't need to be in the car when the car crashes right and the other one is. In my opinion, the ship has already hit the iceberg. It's already Lisbon, but they got a camera that makes it look like it's level. It's a farce. Let's see what happens. It's got a break here by the way, I hope, I'm, wrong. Yeah I think you got a lot of money invested, Oh God, hope he returns for two years and I've been ranting and raving and telling them. You know this is a losing proposition and they're, probably tired of me telling that for two years, I hope that was wrong. You still have a hundred million dollars in that company and stock value at fifty dollars at 65. Bucks is a little more o 65. Let me recalculate, excuse me it's 130, but keep going, do you or have you ever watched, something like Kitchen Nightmares? No, you don't like that. It's good [ __ ] check it out good. You watch TV, you watch food shows most mostly sports sports sports guy. That must have been a real honor for you to get involved with that and it felt like a dream. Yeah that was lucky. Cuz I saw you what goes with those players, all smiles and you're an all on the field and doing all that I mean that must have been amazing. Yeah Peyton was great, Montana was great, marina was great, I mean JJ. Watt was great. We had a lot of fun without Jerry Jones the bus Jerome. He was great. You know Shaq's been great yeah Popish attack copy I, wanted to ask you about publish Shaq, we're not just having a fan of Shaq. Well, everybody's, a yeah, everyone like Joe yeah. We just got Farah what numbers gonna work. 34 36 are you know, but but don't was the Shaq deal facilitated that was after you were ousted right, yeah I had nothing. So. Is that a shame that you're, like damn I like Shaq I, wish? We could hang out absolutely I mean you ever talk to him. No I've never talked to Shawn I'm, a big Shaq fan. Jack sits on the board, but well I'm, not as close to Shaq as I was Peyton right. Gtalk. Do you talk to them? I talked to Peyton, you know and those guys on a need-to-know basis until I get this controversy resolved because I can't live, that's a liability for them and I can't put them in that position. Right and I haven't yeah but yeah what a complicated life you live. It's a shame. You never got to serve on the board the same time as Shaq right that would have been interesting. Yeah I know Shaq. Here's where Shaq and I agree with Papa John's. He wants to use his voice and the guys that are bees want to use the different voice like they did at Arby's I think they should use Shaq's voice. I really did I mean if you're gonna he's gonna be your spokesperson. Yeah is the only using 10-15 percent of the ads. That's where Shaq it's real. Where did you really get him in there? Folks were some put it in there and use his voice, but I agree with Shaq on those two, those two issues, but thank you all for having me. Thank you. Thank you for coming joy. As a pleasure was a marathon who went for a while how long we went no two and a half hours, Wow [Laughter]! Well, let's see you might owe me I'll be back. Yeah I'll be back as the as the CEO and founder of the world of the newest and biggest piece of chain. Rocco's mama mama bless all of us yeah. Well, thank you. Papa John, it's been a privilege. It's been an honor, it's been a dream fulfilled come to fruition. Eight years, eight years in the making baby you like it. Thank you so much. Thank you guys, we'll see you on Wednesday with PewDiePie, so we'll see you then or well on Thursday, but anyway, guys have a great God, have a Papa boss, [Music].