Three to welcome one and all to the h3 podcast, I'm your host ethan klein and with me my beautiful co-host, wife best friend and mom extraordinaire, not my mom, but our child's mom, a klein, looking sharp and beautiful as ever. Today's episode is sponsored by stitch, fix stamps, calm and hems. Now guys this is probably one of the best episodes we have ever made. So we're not gonna want to miss out not for a single second, because we have surprises throughout this episode. So if you skip ahead, you may miss those surprises. Now, let's start from the top I mean we've got an attenuation of scooter madness. You guys know that I've been fascinated with scooters, I can't get enough and they keep coming in fascinating, so we're gonna be getting to scooter madness as well as shopping for our ultimate scooter and buying it. I think we've got big plans for becoming scooter people ourselves as we as we hold them in such high regard. No, it's usually a disability mobility. What wouldn't your disability be that I'm fat, which is like 90% of all the people who ride scooters? To be honest, like that, I've got a bunch of videos here. They eat [, __ ] on the scooter, and then they just get up yeah. It's like dude you're, just fat like. Maybe, if you walked around you want to need the scooter. Sorry I, don't know if that makes me a fat person hater. But if you crashed your scooter and you stand up and walk away from the crash scene, maybe you don't need the scooter and are they fat every time? Yes exactly so. In short, that's my disability, I'm Tobie's, but before we get into that, I want to show you a product. That's really popping off on Twitter. Why? Why can't buy a river when you can camp on one, which is a interesting question too close and I? Think and I think I can answer it? Did you lower this yeah I can come music just in case I'm nice here, I'll just cut it yeah. So this is a tent that allows you to sleep on the water aka a watery tomb. This here is where you are guaranteed to die. Just imagine, okay. This is the dumbest thing ever. Okay, you, first of all, if it gets punctured, do you understand that it will deflate in the water and you will be encapsulated in it? Okay, you'll, be you will be your base? Do you know what you're doing you know the mob kills people and like puts them in bags and throws in a river. This is basically a convenient way of dumping, your own body in the river. Do you know what I'm saying I feel like it's something that like sounds really awesome, but then look at this idiot you exactly how pathetic it is I mean you look like that. Look at this idiot trying to make it look like convenient, so also there's no anchor. It's look at this there's no anchor you're, just gonna float, downriver aimlessly, you're gonna hit the bank you're gonna immediately crash into the bank, so you might as well be on land you're gonna go wander off into some Rapids probably takes like 5 hours. To put this thing together, it's gonna be dark when it comes with, so it doesn't come with an anchor and it comes with a foot pump to blow this thing up and it costs $2,000, no I would pump my hand. Do you understand I do just to put in perspective when we did the beach ball, video right, we had an electric pump and we stood on the side of the road. For probably over an hour yeah a foot pump, dude I used a hand pump. You know our flame thrown that's an hour by hand and that this would take you 20 out. More no I noticed this clip going viral lately on Twitter for some reason, but I have watched every episode of the Prophet yeah. We love that any prophet fan out there would recognize this was on the show yeah and my favorite part about it is that it didn't listen to Marcus Marcus suggested that he changes the name of the companies right now. It says Smith fly because he started with like products for fly fishing right, so Smith fly, but it doesn't make fishing stuff. It's just camping stuff. Now yeah, so you said, the whole episode was like: you got to change the name right and he never changed it. But to be frank, I, don't think the name is the problem here. She not I mean like, and just you know, maybe in defense against Marcus I, don't think dropping fly is gonna, make them successful out of the name. Well, we'll never know because he never tried it. That's a good point um. What could possibly go wrong? We've got a bunch of literature here, let's see, but in the end this is so good here. Watch this scene from the Prophet, so they're picking it to like outdoors world or something yeah, and so these guys are like start asking basic ask questions like you know it's a point of failure that, like we might be introducing, does it come with any type of anchors? It does not come with an anchor. No anchors are pretty specific to what water type you're on it's a weight anchors are specific to what type of water you on. What are they going in the ocean? You don't you know what I mean if you use that anywhere else on a lathe and ocean. If you go on a lake with this, how the [ __ ] are you gonna? Have an anchor you'd have to have like a 200-foot anchor? It's River only dude you cheap, [, __ ]. How do you put a cool upholders in it? It has speakers yes or no. No, we got a hundred million views of it right. It's a unique product. It's a tough, sell, I love when they say that we have a hundred million views. It's like all right! Well, clearly, nobody bought it and now that that viral sensation has passed and you're not successful. What do you want me to do? Well, Marcus invested. He bought half the company for a million billion dollars for 50%. That's a bad investment Marcus. No, the thing was that the guy who was actually you it was really good at creating this product. He has like boats that he makes and they look amazing. So if you listen to Marcus, it could have turned it into a successful business. If you would have just dropped the fly, you got to drop the flag Smith. Why look at Marcus he's like did I waste? My money there like problems talking about an anchor man? That's such a bad product should we buy it for dumb products mm just drown. Well, bye guys. It would be funny to take it out to like a river puncture it and then watch as we die like even with like first aid at the side. It would collapse around you. Do you underst suction, sealed? No, it's fantastic! So good luck to Marcus on his 1 million dollar investment who, by the way ghosted us on Twitter Marcus, was supposed to come on and he goes to me, but he's a busy man he's a very serious man in fact, kind of shy, pull up his Twitter profile. No I have no pride like Marcus. Why am I talking like talking [ __ ], right ela? What am I doing? That's right. Come on. Ethan have some [ __ ] class you're speaking of the guy indiana's. He was considered coming on now, you're trying to air the dirty laundry start: beef with Marcus right. There is no dirty laundry there's beef with me and Marcus house yo, okay. This is kind of a old clip, but I feel like I. Just now understood. Oh no! It's from this year, I just now understood how amazing this clip is so a pass, an officer passed away in the line of duty duty, not funny in the slightest bit. No, no, no so here's her name like Deidre men in doubt, or something Deidre, men, a'dope, okay and you know residence. Two men stole something so anyway, rest in peace to her, you know fallen all in the line of duty. We salute her. We think her first service, but this reporter got her name wrong. Let's hear it, the only recording exists I was like can can't we find the live of this. The only thing that exists is just this one: hero who filmed it on his [ __ ] phone, the original source doesn't exist, one dude just rewinded captured it. I preserved this moment for all humanity. I love mega dude, who is such an epic name. Oh I gotta start calling my mega Doo doos, see when I first saw this I thought it was trolling, but she actually just Oh Luke. We should clip this CD mega dude [Music] dan, you catch at the very end there she's she immediately is apologizing. It cuts off, unfortunately, but she's like I'm. Sorry, oh yeah, I wonder if somebody [ __ ] her on the teleprompter like burgundy style, you know what I mean cuz I, don't see how you can print from that do. Yo any time someone missed speaks from now on, I want to clip that soundbite and play DD mega doodoo anytime, someone miss speaks so make sure that gets to that. That's an important sound, buy it Roger that I, don't know what to say. I mean I'm trying to get comfortable over here and sometimes I got a lean back. Okay, stop bringing a claim, I sell. We got under five seconds if you say the lean back three times you get clamped mice you're in the clear all right. Well, rest in peace, -, DD, mega, doo doo. Let's move it on to the scooter madness. We of course have received numerous submissions of submissions continue to come and I would love to see more in the Trevor treasure trove, mm-hmm podcast, a trace, reproductions, comm scooter madness is a Trevor Trevor. If now it was Zach, I would play DD mega due to right. Cuz I got my you know: words mixed up mmm telling you guys are not ready for today's scooter segment and what keep doing these until we've watched every scooter segment. There is until you guys, are gonna absolutely love this come on. It doesn't get better, grandma, honest and I. Don't know. What's going to work without knowing what's gonna happen, it's already funny yeah! You got some old lady on a scooter holding onto a rope. Now. Why did this grandma is by herself in a mall? There's nobody in this mall she's, the only inhabitant of this giant space. Is this grandma on a scooter? How does that even happen? It's inexplicable, but what happens next will shock and awe and surprise and shake you to your very core dee dee mega doodoo I love that the dude who's recording this from the security camera is just silent. You can't hear him laugh or breathe, or even snort alike like breathe, have his nose from laughs he's like just silently. What imagine his face is just totally straight: hmm, what's happening is grandma's holding onto a rope and she clears her head she's going under it on a mobility scooter clear their head, but Nana doesn't cook doesn't realize that it catches on the headrest, and so she does a complete flip-flop and she eats [ __ ] hard baby in the bag. It's a mess and not hard, though it always seems like well fine she's got the headrest. The thing is that there's nobody in that mall, so she's gonna, be there till the morning. I didn't know: where's everybody, it's just her, and this one guy watching the security camera with this perfect fairy fence. I. Just imagine he's like this, which is kind of psycho yeah. That's a good one! I always love when the bag falls out. It's like such a compounding tragedy, but do you rate that one scooter fail? Oh I'd say beginner fail, not a high level. The fact that it's an Anna kind of makes it less fun too cuz you're like well, it's an old lady, but it's funny. I watch any scooter fail. I, don't give a [ __ ] I have one where people actually break their hips coming up, like literally they break their [ __ ] hip and it's hilarious I'm, sorry to say that. But what am I supposed to do? You know people go. There was just one clip where the guy on the wheelchair, like literally suicides, he dies, that's the one we're describing on the elevator and I'm like look. It's still hilarious. I didn't see his body splat. On that. You know what I mean. I didn't see the violent conclusion. That's not funny, but watching his little scooter disappear under the elevator door. After trying three times is [ __, ] hilarious and the fact that he died is kind of you know. Another story I see right, yeah you're talking about those. Oh, it's funny, you know, stop laughing, oh, he died. It's like well, it's still funny is this a this is where I'm this is where I'm dying. This is the hey this one's funny. This is a good. Well, you tell me you rate this one, this good of people in such a hurry that, like an airport, they don't know they don't learn the controls. They don't know what they're do you say it's still going, they don't know what they're doing and they can [ __ ] walk. So this woman's at an airport she's. In so much of a hurry, the sliding glass door open, she doesn't slow down. She comes. She comes slamming through the glass shatters everywhere and then what happens? She gets up immediately and walks and the scooter keeps moving. Let's watch this I think once we buy a scooter and use one, it will help us understand so much more. It's so complicated about a scooter. It's made for people with semi functional there's only like one function. They need to exactly there's go and stop. I mean it's not more complicated than that. Here we go she's just like she cannot fine, oh and then on the flower window. It says dude the huazi wipeout I. Guess she did the huazi wipeout, it's like an ad or something she just [ __ ] destroyed that glass door and she's gonna peace out to that. Well, I want his [ __ ] scooter so eat [, __ ]. She can walk. Look at her she's pushed. She can walk. There's no issue with her walking she's, not that overweight, even I would say pretty. No do you think people are just lazy like I, won't [ __ ], walk am I gonna scooter and then you give them the benefit of the doubt like you would never imagine that just well I didn't buy it. So ya know. There's no rules what's the problem, but we would you ever in your life. Imagine someone on a scooter was just a lazy. That's insane mm-hmm that is just insane but I'm afraid we might be having that like, like and I think they start to play it off as it's embarrassing. So they start to play off like they have a disability or something because it's unimaginable that you would just do that, because you're lazy. So then all the sudden, they start acting like there's something wrong with them, but they're just [, __, ], lazy, I, can't you know I, don't know, I didn't need to sound I. Don't need to hear this guy's white noise, yeah she's, totally [, __, ], fine and she doesn't seem very phase that she just literally drove through a glass window either you know and she pieces out, yeah she's like alright. Well, it's another day, she's like alright! Well, is there scooter insurance? You could do you think those people aren't sharable, they're sure to be like $10,000 a day. Those people are walking liability commuting liabilities. Can you imagine insuring one of these psychos? Oh this one's just great. This one is just iconic. It's just called backup. Terry I know if you watch this one, no okay good. So a dude in a wheelchair, letting a firework hold her hand see go he's lighting, a really big firework, sukar. Okay, so they're, like other cars, are coming, but that's life all right, so he's lighting it and I'm. Just gonna tell you what's happening for those who are listening. His wheelchair stops. Man, something about like people from the hood freaking out, is the funniest thing ever I got it. It reminds me of that one went to talk with the ball. Yeah I gotta play that outdoors I gotta find this other one cuz yeah he's good. That's so funny black lady with a dog [ __, ], Beach dude. This video I mean this is this: is I swear to God the funniest [ __ ] thing, I have dude I'm, not gonna, say [, __ ]. Let's watch this one yeah. This is the original [ __ ] box, her training directed by a proud owner mmm how exciting he minds so good, I wanna show you something get that ball over here about come on. Let's get you! Let's get your ball and play with it. Then what I want y'all to sing that you want oh, come on, bring it out. Alright, you see you work anyway. Over this way are gonna bring it on back, don't show them how good you do now I want you to show them. How good you know me come on I'm, waiting on you to throw your ball back to you boy. You just study right now come on. He got to do a little meditation. You know how dogs the years and all they have to thank a little bit ponder the whole situation. It's so good. The dog shits in the ocean. The ball gets in the dog, lays in the ship. It's like. How could that happen? Actually, no fine I always wondered if it was like a clip that the dude did voiceover - yeah cousin. So funny, do you guys think that's a genuine mom, it's hard to tell yeah I had the same thought that this might just be over light, but because, if somebody did that overlay I would want to take credit for that, because that's a stroke of comedic turns. Oh, my god. It's like it gets better like the guy's already funny, and then the dog shits in the ocean I'm lays in it [ __ ], oh and then this is another class. Just while we're here we're going out, YouTube YouTube autoplay get out of my life. You know I'm, saying and you're gonna play me some [ __ ], that's like you get media monetize you're like oh did you want to watch little girls in bikinis, autoplay, no I, don't even find the button where's the button. You two. Why you play me like this dude? Would you like to watch? Would you like to watch bikini watching naked vagina next autoplay I'm out of this I gotta, get this Jesus Christ? Do we want to all these? Oh I did haven't watched that clip in so long, oh man, so here's the one where people break their hip visit, [, __, ], so sweet. So in Netherlands, I love the Dutch man. These guys are on another level. Someone did a little Mario Kart at it, but basically they have old people on scooters. Doing a [, __ ] race bro, like the Dutch know. What's up, they already know what's up and they actually had to tone back the event here. I have some right up here: here's an article that ela was translated and was cracking up as if we laughing at and I'm a translator here for you before I play the video, because it's very short, first of all, you should play it for us. So look at the clip. They use some old fat lady looking down it, says: mobility, scooter adjusted next year due to broken hip participant. So here it is y'all ready, buckle up I kind of like it. You know I'm a Mario Kart. It is so much like Mario Kart. The similarity is insane dude. That was such a hard spill. This way eat [, __, ], [, __ ] and runs over a do. Yep I wish I had more footage, but that was all we could find so shout out to the Dutch who know what the hell they're doing last night when I was watching. All of these I could not stop laughing and then I wonder now, if it's not as funny just because you watched it already, I watch it already or is it not that funny dude? How dare you question that, although I don't hear them laughing him back, which makes me wonder, I'm laughing, okay, good, okay, but I've seen them all -, so good I feel like if one watch this at midnight like it's way more funny, that's true! We work we gotta, we gotta do the podcast I mean that's hard to Teeter on the edge, because on one hand you want to be surprised, I know, but on the other hand you don't want stinkers I need to know what we're talking about through him. You know you need to curate it for the audience right, yeah, but I like last night, when I after I watched this video and then I opened that article - you're crying saying that picture well. To be honest with you guys, it was at like - I think that was even probably 2 a.m. and then after that, just to put you in the time frame of our life right now, sleep has lost all meaning. We watched 2 hours of bachelor in paradise. Last night at 2:00 a.m. he was like, we should go to bed I'm like dude. What is sleep even mean anymore? I'm on Ashley paradise, I've been waiting, all [ __ ] day for this and yeah. It's worth this event. Oh, so we have the ultimate scooter clip we'll do that after the break, but essentially this lady gets on the freeway bro like some like some like Louisiana look in New Orleans, looking like Mardi Gras, scooter classic dude, so epic. So this this you don't go. You definitely don't want to miss where this goes high-speed chase. So we will be right back after this quick commercial break. You know describe your look in one word: is it casual sophisticated playful fire fire that wasn't an option but I like it? However, you dress stitch fix, has the expert personal stylist that can help you look your best. That includes fire. Okay, personal style is like a fingerprint: everyone's got their own. Whatever your style, the expert style says citrus are ready to help you express yourself, I, don't have a style, I refute that I. Think if you're like me, most guys are like just put clothes on me and make me presentable and go out into the world and that's the beauty of what stitch fix. Does it prevents you from having to go out in the world and it prevents you from having to interact with other human beings, which is what and for me is the number one priority at all my world I was gonna, make a reservation at a restaurant. Yesterday, I was like I'm gonna call him I have to call them tomorrow what a nightmare and then I said no I'm gonna go online and make a reservation. I bet, I can and I was right. That's what's district is for clothes. It's the restaurant reservation online, but for clothes. Does that make sense? You took a moment thinking: okay, but you're. There so stitch fix understands that they're gonna, give you a personal stylist, they're gonna set you up, you're gonna, take a questionnaire. You're gonna tell them. What's your style. What's your budget, what you like and they're gonna, send you a box of clothing that is hip stylish, beautiful, you're, gonna, look great, but here's where it gets even better. You try it on at home. If you don't like it, you send it back. You get a roll full refund, guys you're basically switched out the dressing room for your own home. Okay, give me a break here: stitch fix, calm, slash, h3, there's, no commitment required. You only pay for what you keep. Shipping exchanges and returns are always free, plus the $20 styling fee is automatically applied towards anything. You keep from your box Wow. You never have to think about looking good ever again with stitch fix, so get started today at stitch fix calm, /ht and you'll get an extra 25% off. When you keep everything in your box, that's stitch fix, dot-com, /, h3 stitch fix cob, / h3, nobody and I mean nobody has got time for the post-office you're busy. We're all busy who's got time for traffic parking luggage to go and mail a package. It's a hassle and I'll. Tell you what it's ancient technology, you're gonna trip over dinosaur bones on your way to the post office, it's out of control! That's why you need to go to stamps.com, it's the most popular time-saving tool for small businesses and guess what it's the future. Let's go to the Internet and do it right stamps I'll! Come he eliminates trips to the post office and saves you money with discounts that you couldn't even get at the post office stamps comm brings you all the amazing services of the United States Post Office write to your computer. We got simply use your computer to print all US postage 24/7 for any letter. Any package, any class of mail anywhere you'll want to send it once your mail is ready, just hand it to the mail carrier or drop it in a mailbox. It's really that simple. With stamps.com you get five cents off every first-class stamp and up to 40% off Priority Mail. So let me get this straight. It's cheaper and more convenient sign me up. Not to mention it's a fraction of the cost of it of those expensive postage meters, Sam calm is a no-brainer saves you time and money is a no wonder. That's 700 thousand small businesses already use stamps comp and check this out right now. Our listeners get a special offer that includes a four week, trial plus free postage, and you look ahead with the digital skill, and this is without any long-term commitment. That's a nice! Looking skill dang! Look at that skill. Oh snap! Look at that scale just go to stamps. Comm click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in h3 that stamps comm enter h3 ela. Did you know that 66% of men lose their hair by age? 35 I mean that is outrageous. That is unbelievable. We have to keep these men's beautiful heads of hair where they belong on their heads and not in the drain. I think it's outrageous that men turned to weird solutions or do nothing at all when they can turn to medicine and science, because guys, let's face it, a chia pet in full bloom is so much better than a fresh chia pet. Do you know what I'm saying you have no idea, you know everyone at home does because we've got four hems kaam a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for men, it's an American thing, the chia pet okay, you know it's like an animal where the sprouts grow out. Is it in my civics test? It's it is your servant. This is your civic step. Surprise thanks to science, baldness can be optional. Hems connects you with real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat your hair loss. We got well known generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions to help you keep your beautiful luscious hair. This is not any BS. This is prescription solutions backed by science prescribed by real doctors. There's no waiting room, no awkward and person, doctor visits, you're gonna save hours hours by going to four hems com, so easy answer. A few quick questions. Doctors will review and prescribe you stop worrying about sun block on that spalled spot of thinning hair and do something to help the dang hair come back. Help promote the hair growth products are shipped directly to your door right now order. Now our listeners will get a trial month of hems for just five dollars today, right freaking now, while supplies last, so you better hurry, see website for full details and safety information. This would cost hundreds if you went to a doctor or a pharmacy. But if you go to four hems dot-com / h3, that's fo r, hims, calm, /, h3, four humps four hems com such a tree is gonna cost you just five bucks for a one-month drought, [Music] [Music] [Music], what a treat I'm back from the break Wow. We have to acknowledge as we've talked about it on this show many times little nas ex, who held the title of longest-running number. One on Billboard was dethroned this week. Finally, by Billy, Eilish and Ian put together this great great little edit. To commemorate the occasion, so I told a and I said you have to add it edited by Ian, but he didn't want to factor. Ian didn't even want to play it, but I came in I said no. Ah we're gonna do this. We're gonna play this. This is important to commit to met. You know to commemorate the occasion and I will take credit. There was a moment where the Hat bounced on the ground that I thought was a pretty flavorful but other than that. That was all in so anyone who's like whoa. That bouncing effect was crazy. That was me. The rest was Ian. So we all appreciate that right, Ian, nice teamwork. It was a real master class. Were you impressed by my editing, be honest? I was like you came in slick, you fixed it real quick. Are you just giving me lip service? Are you serious, I'm being serious? Thank you. Well, I am I've, been editing up, I mean I'm, an editor I always say I'm an editor first and you don't get a how to bounce like that without years of experience, but I will say to your credit in your really good editor - yeah, you butch it up faster for your good man. Thank you appreciate it. Yeah yeah, so Cheers now back to scooter madness, mm-hmm the ultimate clip. This really is. If we can find anything to top this, then I'm gonna be impressed, but look at this situation here. This is a large woman. She's got a white wicker hat on I mean she looks like a southern gal she's, an oxygen tank -, that's pretty! Oh wow Vic forgot an oxygen tank rigged, forgotten oz for her scooter. It's like hydro booths for whatever yeah, durable, she's, a large lady and she's, really squeezed in there. Man I mean she's kind of spilling out. The sides got a basket, but she's looked like she dolled up for church or something right. So um I don't know. But here we go so she's in the middle of street and then some kind Souls like damn this lady's in danger, I better escort her, but the lady on the scooter don't want to have none of that she trying to lose it to her. She does want to be tailed trying to lose the tail. So what ensues is true madness and for all your viewing pleasure, she got a turn signal on this. Why are you okay, [Music]? This woman doesn't even want that so literally in the left, land traffic is building up behind a yeah. So let me skip ahead. There's like big rigs going by her, like you know, 16 wheeler, so I mean just skip ahead, a little bit to worse, something it's a long clip it's like 12, yeah, 11, minutes, yeah, and so let me just go so accident. She needs some help or did she know where she was going I'm we'll. Just let me know if you your signal. Let me know we gonna signal I'm still behind you, Marvel I, don't know where but I'm helping her, because they are look at her she's going around the traffic bro into an English balls deep into a red light, busy intersection fun. This is making a left turn on the red lights, but she did it like frogger, bro, she's Frogger, again, not a sweet little lady charging it through the. So what what's happen is Isaac open, a new window so what's happening now, is that she got on the [ __ ] freeway. They can't hear you so she's trying to catch up now. Here we go she's getting. Does she think she's in a car I mean she's driving like I, don't know you got flowers where's she going y'all I swear, I, don't put on her her either I know I didn't notice that the first time this woman is the same yeah. She really so then, when she called the police, the police show up- and this is when [ __ ] really gets out of hand. She gets shot dead, it's crazy, just I'm kidding the police just show up and shoot her. It's totally uncalled for. They just show up in pepper spray in the face. I wasn't even thinking about that, so they set up a roadblock and I, feel it, but nothing stuff in the scooter later can gone wherever she's gone. Communing beliefs are gonna, stop her think again. Some was driving blinking around the left. Everyone stop! So now the police is approaching her on foot and she hits it hard. She, she she's the [ __ ] out right around him, she's all about hey she's, going fast, the cop and now he's on foot running. She got too serious. She had the cut Wow the moment. The cop starts chasing a cartoon. You had to get where you're going man- hmm there, you have it that one is gonna, be hard to talk. No, now going talking about sorry yo am I hitting your night yard near Jays, um where's. The feedback about people were angry, that that I was sympathizing with mobility. Merry yeah, the I haven't seen it in our document. The messages yeah we're all link it to you, oh yeah, so there was a reaction, strong reaction to me not completely coming down on mobility, marriage, yeah, the terror of Santa, Monica and I wanted to read some of the feedback and comments we got because, apparently this woman is worse than Adolf Hitler. Do we have sound bytes of mobility? Marry mobility, marry I, don't know, okay, so here's some of the feedback we got from mobility, marry hi, Dan, I'm, actually Santa Monica, where Mary is from, and she has a bit of reputation here, kind of an urban legend. Most people got angry with her quickly because we all assumed she was wandering around town trying to sue. Also she's, not a little old lady she's, a scooter bound because she's obese I hope this helps. We called it well Hannah yeah kind of what we assumed but do not sympathize with Mary. She knows what she's doing. She can't be that socially clueless to know how to record for YouTube man. These people really there's real mobility, Mary hate. How can you hate someone who's? Providing such amazing content like what a treasure for us to behold laugh my ass off. She definitely goes out of her way to create problems in situations for videos. Yes, that's why you have to love and hate right notice, how all the bystanders were on the girl were on the girl with dog side. Everyone in the community knows Mary, and they know how Mary is what does that mean that, because she was trying to get people to help her and everyone was ignoring her? Oh yeah I know Ethan, stop sympathizing with this lunatic old lady dude have some glass man did. Was that not a joy and a pleasure? How much fun do we have enjoying that clip I'm supposed to hate her I want her out in the world doing her thing and recording it I want more can't get enough. I would pay her I won't put her on salary to get her ass out there I do find it crazy that she managed to make a youtube channel. That's actually a good point. She can't be that crazy, she's managing yeah, oh that nah, that woman in the scooter is crazy. She's looking for trouble, okay, man, she didn't kill anyone. I've I've encountered Mary three times. Well, she even passed me in one of her videos, while costing someone else she's a menace. I've, never once heard a verified account of her being attacked by a dog. The most she ever gets is a dog touching her scooter, she's a horrible woman. I understand she coolly has issues, but she makes life immensely worse for the people in her neighborhood come on. That's so epic that you've got this menace in your society, some fat, lady on a scooter, that's the best thing I ever heard. Why is Ethan defending this lady I swear, he's probably his grandma or something I wish my grandma's dead dude. So how [ __ ]? Dare you I only wish that my grandma could be on a scooter, harassing people right sure, straight-up I can't believe you are siding with her. Did this person super upset when you start with straight-up you hold on cuz this she's, the one putting herself in danger and being annoying. It's clear people know her and hate her. She literally had so much room on that last. Clip and she just purposely made a scene. She acts like people need to make a fifty foot wide [ __ ] bath. Just so she can get through absolutely horrible person. I bet she ain't old either she just fat and can't walk, which is another reason. I, don't feel bad. Also. She exterminated six million Jews. It's a little over the top that level of hate a little bit. I can't believe. I strayed like her mobility, married literally killed 20 million Russians in World War, two, she genocided, the Native, Americans I, love, mobility, marry no amount of feedback or hate or kickback will ever change me and I'm willing to put her on payroll right now. I, don't know how tech-savvy she is, but I swear to God marry you contact us podcast is racial. Productions.Com I will put you on payroll to go record. Videos of you, zipping around Santa, Monica I will I'll give you health insurance I'll, do an album and you know healthy water. First scooter bound obese, lady I'm telling you I'll, do it for you, I'm telling you you I could even just make a pod a live. Show I would be rich, just put a live feed on our hundred mobility. Scooter I'll get her a quicker one. Two that can do more damage that'd, be crazy. Liability did to be sued into the ground, but I'm willing to do it. I'm going to lose everything. I have interesting to get more fresh mobility motor going on that we were talking about buying our own scooter, yeah and Dan, and the family back here at h3 nation have put together some potentials, so we will review them and I think we have to make a decision because we are definitely buying a scooter. This is not go. We are buying a scooter, so let's say is in order to decide which one. So this was on the subreddit. Actually like this one, there's one driver seat and two: it's almost like a train car. Alright, it's like a little table and then, like wine, you know so this thing, unfortunately, I don't know where they bought or they got it custom-made lean. Well, it's called the limo Nemo. Well, how do you say that Lee mobilizer yeah I? Don't think it's like a limo mobilizer, Oh, limo, ok, mobilizer there you go no of Andy cat people. You could also. You know what to another name for an immobilizer a car anyway. So that's a no and I we came to buy it. I, don't know where to buy that. So here's one of Tucson wow this is a British company- has accomplished the Guinness record, their words longest mobility, scooter. What we just looked at I, think so, what's the cost but I'm telling you the prices on these things are really reasonable. Like look at this two seater, that's what I'm talking about $3,000 for I mean that's a slick thing either. Look at that cool Vespa front end. So my question is this one - cool 50 miles per hour? Probably it's too cool dude. It will hold passengers up to 600 pounds, I love that 200 - wait: - 600, pound dude, that's like the fattest personal I, like 600 pounds is like I, think the fattest person that ever lived, that's gotta, be total right. The 600 its to 300 passengers up -, yeah right - 300 years, is pretty big. So pretty can you met sick when you're 600 pounds they need to like crane your ass, a prayer out of bed I'm not kidding like here. Let me show you what a 600-pound person looks like in case. You are not appreciating how much weight that is so, but in the meantime, I feel like this. One almost looks too cool right, I, yes, I, agree, I'm, trying to find a photo that I can show my god this [ __ ] is crazy, but here these people are apparently 600 pounds of pop mmm, yeah, nice, so imagine scooters are gonna hold two of those. That's Oh Mike hit me up on support fastest two-person mobility, scooters. They see. You know it holds 600 pounds and can be an extra $100 off the scooter today. What it, what hi Mike? Can one 600-pound person fit on this scooter? Let's see, let's look, let's leave this open and, let's see if Mike does get back, Mike was pretty responsive yesterday, when I was doing my oh I, don't know it might have not been Mike, but on this site thing: okay, okay! Well, we'll see about that! Yeah! Next step will give Mike a chance to respond and we've got top mobility. Let's see Oh what that looks like the Batmobile like that purple is crazy. It's like a motorcycle 3000. Oh it's, cheap, 1000, yeah. Why Oregon? While these websites look like scams, you know like I, don't know man, because it's like they care to old people and old people get scammed so easily I, don't know what watch the scam I! Don't think it's a scam but I don't think it's a scam, it's kind of like FUBU for us by us old people shopping at old people like if you even go to this website. You can't look all hip and, like oh, it's a new dam. These guys have the same [, __ ]. All right leave me alone. Come on mom with my so okay I mean I. Do look at the customer support one. Some all dude like? Are you kidding me, but the headset on come on this last leg? I love the color selection yeah, it's pretty badass, but like they're, all cool I, don't really hot colors yeah like hot, pink, hot purple, hot green oyster target audience other than ice like cuz I, don't see an old person buying that I wanna have fun you wanna cruise in style. How fast is this one? This one is 18 miles per hour: whoa 45 mile drive range. Are you freakin kidding me? Do it? I can like charge to the airport and that thing down the 405 yeah all right, Oh Mike said. Yes, you can I'm I can't what about what about to six hundred pound people? We can get some clarity on this. This is good good, that's crazy! So I would have to probably remove the center divider if your one 600-pound right here he's typing. Let's, let's await his response here. This is exciting. This is a h3. Podcast live exciting interaction with Mike yeah. You give me a good thoughtful answer. The weight capacity in total is 600-pound. Okay, well garbage. What about one person that weighs 400 and one person that weighs 205 come on door goes here. You know, I mean I, love that all these web sites have an old person is the support picture. Yes, that would work. Oh, so Mike's, I'm, very good at math, so wait so you're saying I can go five pounds over capacity. Interesting! Oh wow! Look at this one yeah looking 400 and it's got like over now. This I'm already liking a lot more. This is like get the [ __ ]. Out of my way. It's more this you can. You can hate people and you're gonna stay fine right, they're, just gonna wipe off the shield. Yeah like this one I need speed, though 50 miles per hour, 40 miles drive range, that's crazy, 500, pounds of raw hardcore driving mobility. Yes, there you see these [ __ ]. Think they're in cars turn that's what I'm. Looking for oh [, __ ], you see Mary's new scooter. What are you so humiliated about there? It's like a is it a status symbol, and these, like retirement communities, might be right about that. Yeah! It's old I got the call Brad G. Look what my son bought me and you got the e there's. Some broke-ass old person was like a beat-up, barely functioning one, no thought people judge them. You seen that Cobra yeah yeah check over DT is the cool guy on Mike says yes on a large capacity. My model, a few pounds over will not harm the machine hell yeah. So what a so so how much over can I go? I, don't think it's that interesting there, how many more pounds you could go so if I weigh so if I weigh 650 is that? Okay, you don't like this conversation I'm trying to get to the bottom of this. You look I, think you're missing out cuz. You should keep checking out the links. Go the next one, oh wow, that looks scary. That looks menacing good. What that looks menacing? Oh lucky! Yes, it's listed at nine thousand, but it's only on today on this scam website. Four thousand mm-hmm. That thing looks really cool, wait, 10 miles per hour. What the [ __ ]! You took: what kind of scam were they running? Oh really I so slow. You know why you get this so slow is because you're like dude I, don't trust my grandma with 50 miles per hour, yeah they they all do actually have limiters for exactly that reason, so you can set them up and restrict them to like, but I'm surprised that this one is slower, it's more expensive, it's slower and has a lower range. It even has a coal. You know what it is, guys, hmm, actually no I'm wrong. It's 50 pounds, less, hmm, okay, no they're, just lacking on the code actually fragment next one is very classy, so mike says just to follow up. I'm gonna end it here, there's no specific amount, I'd say six 25 or so is gonna, be on the safe side. Thanks Mike, okay, thanks Mike you've been very helpful. [Laughter] [Music], I'm very large, now close the window, quick I would love to take you on a scooter ride and it's beautiful. Well, you accompany a come, come accompany me. There will not be much room so I that mega do to help your weight is not very high. Can we move on under under 100 no I like the scooter combo, not good I, don't know how much of a good show it is for people to listen to type all right. Where are we what's new? It's getting about it, so the next one I like a lot and the next next one I like a lot which we on the Maverick? Yes, oh, this is Logan paws, scooter and something's, actually calling them. Retro girl looks like a chopper yep. The front is like a chopper. Oh wait! Sorry! We know we were under one above it. We haven't. We go back to that one, but this one again 9.5 miles per hour. Okay, I'm gonna hurt people. No, you know I mean that's my prime objective they're. Not we don't look at the Cobra GT yeah. We looked at the heavy-duty off-road tires. Oh sure, this one's 4,000, oh I, really like the look where we were going. Off-Roading huh go hiking on a scooter. Hello did this bat nine point three miles per hour, top speed yeah, but the joke is probably really good. It's for climbing at 500 pounds what the [ __ ] man I, feel like the same person owns all these ones: okay, cuz, they all wear the spam. Look at here's another old guy, yeah I mean any time. This is all once can't. I know. Marketing I know, I, know this world, it's the same dude who owns all these websites. He imports these scooters, probably from China, and he just slings him to every single person and he gets a little Commission yeah I guarantee that's what's happening. Mike says like it's typing a response, so it won't port back on that gila maverick we don't like the Maverick, no, the dual sitter so far, I'm not really a super magnet. Oh my goodness look at this like a tractor. Now these people are not even the sable. These are like filthy looking people yeah. What but check out the sit it can Oh it swivels wait. How do you drive? How are they driving if the seat swivels to the side? It doesn't matter anyway, you mean you be in the seat, driving and then you'd have to be like this pretty much how they drive anyway, so dude, why are you so you can't? Surely it doesn't swivel why you drive right? No really I I was assuming it would. But how can you also? Why are these people so young and happy, then max speed, 10 miles per hour? I think my my requirement is testimonials on the bottom. Mike said sorry I'm over 100. How much do you weigh and I'm gonna ask Mike? How much do you weigh scroll down to the bottom yeah more yeah yeah, look at this old people, a big! Thank you to all you guys that progress mobility, my scooter arrived in only three days and I, absolutely love it. Your service from start to finish, has been excellent. The other day I fell off the side of the curb and broke my hip. It wasn't the scooters fault, but thank you Mike said it's. How much do you weigh Mike said enough? So it's a real person. Do you drive one of these scooters Mike? You know I think this must be the actual owner yeah because it goes to his phone I. Think it's one guy I think so too. It's one guy who owns all these sites, there's not that much track. I've heard about this support chat, it's just it just pops up on your phone. Well also. The way he's interacting with me is like he's like doing something else he's like watching sports or something that Mike d/dr on these scooters. He says: I do not! Oh, why were you listening to him? My I'm I'm, afraid you've lost all credibility, I've lost all respect, wait like I'm, afraid, you've lost all credibility. This guy's, like all right, you've, really entertained. Me I appreciate that what else we got so that Gatsby that sounds crazy. The Gatsby bro, it's like a look. It's like a cream yeah! Oh my god, Dean powered Otto locomotive train, it's called the Gatsby, the old gasps Wow. You know, there's book, The, Great, Gatsby, yeah he's the old and dangerous Gatsby. This is lit. Okay, to prove my point. This is the same picture. This is the same old dude who's doing top mobility. Unless we've been to the psychic analogy, which is possible of this color, because you can't move yourself technology in the movies you're badass whoa, you can lean it back, don't say it three times give me Montez lean back. That's two off your green, so it's pretty fordable 3,500! Well, let's oh wow! Let's see how fast does it go? I mean that's really after that is the big question. Looks their storage in the front, for the engineer would be all right, 10 miles per hour, get the [ __ ] in there are all 10 miles. No, there were some 15 ones in the beginning, oh yeah, yeah last week, I remember I need one that goes fast. The fast ones all look cool, though hold on Mike, said: okay, yeah I said Mike. If I'm afraid you've lost all credibility. He said: okay, maybe he's not going there now, okay, Wow, so yeah Ethan follow up and okay, the first one goes up to 15 miles per hour, but it it just looks like a scooter like a lame right. They get rid of the. If speeds the priority there, the there's one more yeah on the way thousand yeah, it's you're gonna pay for that speed, whoa. What is this yeah yo? This is like such a flexible. Oh my god, it looks like a snowmobile. This [ __ ] goes 20 miles an hour. Whoa. This guy is flexing hard at the old photo yeah. You know all those guys hate him, that guy guess all the old [ __ ] he's got a he's, got a toe too many options, then okay! Well, this is the one I mean, but at 20 miles per hour, it's in our budget, eight thousand dollars for a gag for stupid guy. The problem with this one Dan is that it's almost not even a mobility scooter. It's like a four-wheeler, TV I, think I read down below that um. It's street-legal because of how they write it on streets up 35 mile per hour. Wait! Wait! It doesn't dollars! You can buy a car. You could buy like a pretty decent car at 8,000. Wait hold on! What's what's the mileage on this baby, it's the same old guy! Okay, it's the same way! Specifications, let's get to the bottom, is 50 miles per charge. 20 miles per hour, bro they a climbing power, 30% incline. What is that Oh? Like a third percent angle, you can hit it. No I think I. Think you pins before the engine, ground clearance, weight capacity bro it could be a hamster turning radius. It can hold this in 726 pounds dude, oh wow, that is like dude. You could drive yourself told you man. This is like the mack daddy. This is the this. Is the big boys good home control, this program, big yeah, it's such it's I would just buy a car, but it's kind of dope. You could I mean it's so big you're, just on a TV disguised as a mobility, scooter right, yeah, yeah, pretty much. You need a license for that. Okay! Well, look guys! I, know what we're getting out of control. I! Think what we really need is something classic something: iconic I. Can we named a lot like it's just we kind of need like seven over them yeah, but I've been Evo whose words that money coming from you know like um, seven car garage. We need a so yeah need a sponsorship. Yes Stan. Now there there is a video of the Gatsby and it it might. It might sell you on it that one's pretty epic super cool um, oh yeah, let's watch it I see here now, I watch this last night. You know you did a title of the video caught my eye because it's not all the video read it for the six four seven eight yep for Biden. Please go to two zero. Six, three seven! Eighty three calm yeah the title of it is just two: oh six, four, seven, eight! So there you have it so in the in the back half of this video there's a demo and it's you know you can see how cool you look. It's just copyrighted music, I'm, pretty sure it's uh royalty-free, because I've heard it on a million YouTube videos. I mean it's funny. How when you're, when you get all of you becomes almost like a kid right. Just looks like good toy for a kid: this one's free dough but Lord there. You go your feet in an elevator yeah that other one would it do you think this one, this one's almost too cool, though Dan? No but like it's not intimidating, I want one that says. Do you think I think that's good goes one cool, [, __, ], I'm! Sorry, it's too good Gatsby, The, Great Gatsby. We should do a vote. Well, yeah. We got a narrow it down, though the Gatsby's they're like a Twitter pool, yeah hate Twitter will Ian what would you vote I'm going with the you? Did the Gatsby or the two-seater, the one that swivels do? We have any more questions for Mike before we close this, you said: okay, all right, Mike! Well, can you ask him about the swivel one? Is it the same website? We saw one on another website, Oh, considering the business of mobility. Tell me and my wife she liked to be able to see our surroundings. Look around always good, I kind of like this. This the classic, though, because you know, mobility marry when you see this classic scooter coming I hate your JS again. That's when you know you're in trouble this one. Well, this one's not classic this one's out of [ __ ] game I'll, tell you which one is classic mmm recreational scooter! Oh this one's pretty classic! No, this one's, not quite this one's psycho, - yeah in the Gatsby everyone's gonna vote for the Gatsby. Well, you guys have mentioned wanting to potentially trick this thing out. I feel like the Gatsby has a lot of sorry. It's already tricked yeah I! Guess that's true! It's already tricked yeah! You got to find some normal ones. Cuz. You got all the crazy-ass ones. There are some normies in there I mean the UW 36 right any W 30 times. Oh, that's the colored one I mean other than the color. That's pretty special, but yeah I guess. So what do you love? Yeah, yeah? What oh come on our chairs, yeah [Laughter], wait. I want to see him! Oh [, __, ], nice! No wine! Look! How why that baby is hold on I want to find it. Why just one I guess this one: let's get more info yo, that one's pricey, five thousand look at the size of that thing. Well, what does its do? Stand your ass up? Oh it does it yeah jazzy elite. It's called jazzy elite, I! Don't know! If I'd call that jazz, you might do it jazzy elite, HD, heavy duty power, chair, HD, see what the weight capacity is and he liked what I was saying before. Just because you fell down an elevator shaft. Oh my God, look at this pop-up I got oh, oh they're, pushing that 70% off. Let me enter my you're emailed in oh man, sir, the podcast one. If you get a crazy coupon code for the Gatsby, then we'll buy it yeah. Okay, get my offers they're on it. I just sent that email that email just will be uncheck about forever. Now, hmm that email dress just got sold to a thousand Chinese spammers. They also have a bunch of accessories. Like a cup holder, I'm gonna scooter, no just go to accessories, where's Mike! Yes, you got the bin, you got what the [ __ ], you know, someone's gonna be driving around with that thing on take a weather protector. Why do you have your scooter outside I? Guess, good, no mmm! Where would you put it yeah? Well, I! Think we've I think it's the Gatsby! Unfortunately I don't know if I like the Gatsby, but well. If that's what I'm talking about I, think you gotta get I, think you gotta get four wheel: I, don't like a bit three like this looks pretty powerful for will full-sized mobility scooter? Oh, that's a performance scooter, that's all--that's! They do tricks and [ __ ]. Okay, show me the speed 7.5 get the [ __ ] out of here. 11! That's pretty good! That's the thing you kept emphasizing speeds! Well, what am I trying to get somewhere man, so I'm saying die before you get to your destination for 7 8, 5, 20, mother, [, __, ] I, like this one mega mega neighborhood electric vehicle with solid roof, there's [ __ ] ten thousand dollars. You could buy it almost a new car, a new car for that price. Get out of here 7.5? What is this look at this? Do you see this is called ten baskets on it? Alright, this is out of control. This is what I want. Do you see? This is a normal scooter, yeah five miles per hour. That is where we started originally, why is it so slow dan I want one that looks oh whoa all right. This is it? Are you seeing this it's a little self-contained I've, never seen anything like that in my life. This would talk about turning heads. Look at this to the picture somewhere. Anyone owns this I, don't think anyone's ever, but there's one review five stars. Well, let's see what they said: I love the scooter I now can get out in any way there and the tires go right through the snow. It's like having a small electric car with all the features of a car. Did this work, so this person gave it a five on appearance, a four for quality and price, a one-star for portability, oof yeah maneuverability, a three you could hit those turns a little harder, their ability, a for taking some heat, all right, I! Think we've been on this too long, yeah where's Mike does Mike have anything else to say: I'm over Mike I think we're both over each other, but in short, I want something like this dan I'm just gonna buy it. This one goes I. Think then miles is fine. Ten is good. I want. Ten I was having trouble finding 10. This one is seven and a half seven I'll take something out. Oh look at the umbrella, oh yeah, it's only $100,000. Let's get the [ __ ], okay, on this [ __ ] to limo. In short, we're gonna buy scooter, I'm curious. What you guys think, though, like a classic scooter, a two-seater or the Gatsby, maybe like yeah and that'll, be the the pole all right, fair enough. Okay to theater win the swivel. No, not this one! No, this one! This was stupid. You can't swim over drive. It I like this one. It's not stupid! What, if you're at a parade? Wait! I like this one: okay, wait: okay, lo you're one behind I, don't know way: yeah yeah! How did they make it? Look like it yeah each other. This doesn't it's just dangle it's kind of cool, so you can [ __ ] with people, while I Drive you can like throw kicks. You can put it over behind you all right. Well, let's see what the people think. Whatever the people decide, we are literally gonna buy a scooter. Okay, okay! Well, we're better! In our 2002 talk about the YouTube Seuss thing: that's the main story right! So YouTube is okay! You two, you know open a can of whoop-ass on click farms. These farms that are out there Manuel claiming videos for even a split second of using copyrighted [, __, ], questionable tactics and YouTube is striking back against copyright. Trolls and the continuation of the story is that YouTube is suing a particular individual, a copyright troll who use DMCA, strikes and tried to extort money from youtubers. Now this is one of these guys that goes around just making up claims. He goes. He like it's crazy, that the system even allows that this is just some dude who says: hey I strike your video there's, no content in it that he owns he's just a guy yeah, and so this guy was going around giving people strikes and then saying. Send me a hundred fifty bucks on PayPal or I'll have your channel removed, and he and he could do that by giving someone three yea strikes it's unbelievable. It's this antiquated DMCA law. It's not really YouTube's fault, so they're going after this guy YouTube is using the fraudulent claim provision of the DMCA to sue Chris Brady, a man who allegedly used DMCA two-strike to gaming channels, Kenzo and OB raids. He also contacted the youtubers directly and threatened to issue a third strike if they did not pay him one hundred and fifty dollars. The issue came to light in February when it was reported by by The Verge. It all kicked off when Obie tweeted about it back in January when it went viral I. Actually, like this sweet, - I, don't call it because this stuff was happening all the time, but here's the message he was sending people hi Obie. We strikes you. Our request is 150 PayPal or 75 Bitcoin. It's a good value. You may send the money via good services. You do not think we will cancel or hold up our end of the deal. Once you receive our payment, we will cancel both strikes on your channel again. You are free to charge back if we don't but assure you, we will well I like the guarantees. She's. Okay, we'll provide a service here. I mean come on we're reputable. Is there not honor? Do not trust me? If you decide not to pay us, we will file a third strike. Vipre MC ownership team won't be able to help you but go ahead and try we'll give you a very short amount of time to make your decision. If you have any questions, send us a quick message back crazy right yep. So the guy I think he just tweeted that he's paying them and and- and you know, that's not a terrible decision to make. No, actually that that second image was, they saw that he tweeted about it and threatened him further said bad news, quality kind of thing: hey. We saw you tweet about us, not sure why you thought that was a good idea or if you thought you would remotely get any help, but this has violated any potential. Geale enjoy your third copyright strike and we'll be making jam for your Twitter to get suspended too. Well, you know that's all on this guy right there, man, what a piece of [ __ ] holy crap- and you know, he's not the only one you can. Anyone can do this apparently I mean YouTube's getting speiser about it. Now. I think probably can't be done now, but back on the day it could and YouTube remembers, and this guy think he got away with it, but now YouTube's coming back hard and if you think, when YouTube Google alphabet lawyers, when they open the gates on you, you are done. This is a horde of lawyers that I would I would rather I would rather live in exile from this country that I love that face a horde of Google lawyers and telling you it's that crazy, YouTube investigate it and remove the strikes on this channel, but Brady continued to issue fraudulent DMCA at least four more times he allegedly sent for copyright, takedown doses to YouTube between June 29th in July 3rd, stating that the youtuber excellence and kids got to work on his name. A little bit. Zyxel looks in infringe on his content and that so this is this part, absolutely blew my mind. He then went on to use the personal information of this guy acquired via the DMCA takedown to swat him. So for those of you that don't know the DMCA process requires that you put in your address and phone number when you either file or counter the dispute and I quickly realized a my YouTube career early on how terrifying that was because I first, when I first was met with that forum. I was like. Oh, this must just be for YouTube's. Internal use. Yeah right, like I, was like there's no way you're kind of beefing with someone exactly. Why would I send that person my information? They do not make it at all clear at all. I'm like okay, well sending this info to this person who strike my video would be unimaginably insane, so I'm sure it's just for their internal use, so the lawsuit or something legal happens. They know what happened nope. They send it directly to the other person and so you'd. They say put in your your address, put in your telephone number put in your email and when you're you know young and impressionable, and these forms are really scary. You and I did this too in the beginning, I would put in that information. Like my exact information, my real [ __ ] and when I found out it went to the other person. I was actually terrified. I was scared, so what I started doing was putting a pillbox and my accountants phone number mm-hmm, the location of our business. You know, but it's it's it it's terrifying and and- and this worst fear came true for this poor guy, like I, used the info to SWAT him. That is beyond insane, so I wonder if they have proof for everything, I mean and then I wonder how old is he because that's a serious offense right, just watch someone yeah, that's definitely illegal, but I, wonder if there's a statute of limitation, because there's stuff all happened a long time ago? Hmm! No! Not that long ago, just a few months ago, no I'm pretty sure, wait. The lawsuit was filed, or this all happened. The lawsuit was filed, - hold on I mean it was just filed, but um. Let me see when the street was made. This tweet was made. It was like February of this year. Oh yeah February this year, yeah and the was this was in yeah. Well, he probably will be okay. I doubt the police were even aware, like YouTube is the one bringing all of this information forward yeah. So they filed a complaint against this guy and he is going down hard and I love. It I mean this: guy is rock bottom scum, yeah, so I think swatting, someone should be attempted. Murder, I think well go to jail, it's so dangerous. They show up at your door with guns, people have died, yeah and the guy went to jail for murder right so good point. It stands to think that it's the one you should be charged with attempted murder yeah. There should be no tolerance for that. I agree and then also be charged for they're, also wasting everyone's time to shop with helicopters and a whole team and prison walking the streets. It's crazy prison for ten years, at least for that bye, bye, neck, try again in ten try again in a decade, [ __, ], so stupidest thing to do. I mean I, can't even imagine being in the headspace of someone to actually swap it's beyond and saying, YouTube personally dissed him in the complaint. They say: Brady's, extortionate and harassing activities described here, maybe in at least part motivated by his failings as a minecraft youtuber. The lawsuit reads: how epic is that I love that a previous precedent over fraudulent DMCA takedowns awarded the plaintiffs? 25,000 per single fraudulent claim, the suit alleges Chris Brady, issued at least eight, so it could be on the hook for at least two hundred thousand dollars of penalties. I, don't think those hundred fifty dollar charges are gonna stack up to something tells me that didn't pay off for you, so YouTube is stepping it up in a huge, huge way and I'm so happy to see that, because these this is like they're going after the perfect guy too, because this is rock bottom rock bottom. Scum, er, II I think it's so great they're that they're doing something, and it's really feels like they're, making a change. Fine, really yeah, they're, actually doing stuff. No, it's fantastic I mean imagine anyone out there who's doing who's, doing activity like this. All the sudden is like Oh, a billion dollars worth of lawyers was just unleashed to ruin this guy's life. Maybe I should rethink this because up until this point up until this lawsuit was filed, there was no accountability. There was no consequence to many of this problem. Is that it is that serious. But if you're just a kid you you don't understand, maybe the how serious these things are. It's hard to feel the consequence like this is a cyber crimes. This is kind of a new frontier yeah. It's hard to track. It's hard to understand it so, but we're getting better at it and YouTube isn't gonna, be coming to you buddy all these kids swatting to they think that, like they do it and honestly the FBI can find your ass bro. You know the guys have got something and they do. You know the guy who got someone killed with swatting. The FBI found his asked him like five [ __ ] days and guess what he's in prison for jail. So if you think your cute ass is Anonymous for Gail, what'd, I say prison for jail. Yeah I'll get too excited he's in prison, yeah they locked his ass away for murder. So if you think your cute ass calling on skype, can SWAT someone and not be found out, not the case, you will go down so get your head out of your ass and a wash your face brush your [ __ ] teeth and build a Minecraft house and living it. I, don't know, but I'm happy. These people are worse man, I'm, very happy, so I applaud YouTube I, thank them for their efforts and I wish them well. I wish them continued I'm with them on this war. This battle I'm, taking down these motherf Ricker's right right and finally, PewDiePie friend of the show friend of ours, king of YouTube's, biggest dick in the game, totally unfair, I, don't understand. Pewdiepie he's handsome he's charismatic he's good at making videos he's rich I mean. Why is it that? And it's still yet everybody loves him. It seems paradoxical: what's going on with this guy, why is it that the N cells are not wise? The insult army not after PewDiePie? Yet they love him. They all love him. Everybody loves PewDiePie. What is happening. Everybody loves PewDiePie, including his now-wife Marzia they've, been Wed and holy matrimony, and we give here to honor him PewDiePie and his wedding day. Ah beautiful. What do you think of the black suit I like it? What I love her dress? Yes, dress. They got good taste I knew they were gonna, come out sharp the venue looks really beautiful too. Every blowing bubbles mm-hmm, of course, they're all picturesque, [, __ ]. You know what I'm happy for even [ __ ] you Felix right I mean like everyone's got an m1 and be like like [ __ ], you right, you guys know what I'm talking about look at his hair he's got like perfect hair like what the [ __ ]. Why did? How can you know I mean hopefully he's dick small or something? Oh, please got like a 300. You know like up. Hopefully his penis looks like a pencil eraser anyway, they're beautiful, they're, happy I'm, happy for them and let me see the rock. Oh, that's a stone right there right! That's a fat diamond, hmm I'm supposed to be the one that looks of the ring. Well, I'm! Just you know nosy well, what do you think of the ring? Be nice, it's beautiful! Oh, these are little diamonds, - whoa, that's a you'd rock dude yeah. That looks really beautiful. Look at this so picturesque and beautiful doing like a greenhouse or some [, __, ] yeah. Really nice fairy tale how to be PewDiePie. No I'm very happy with my life I'm very satisfied with every aspect: love it I'm, just saying I'm sure, there's a lot of people to [, __ ] hate his guts, but also love them. Cuz. Everyone loves food bye. So congratulations to the newlyweds. There's some fun responses to his uh ela say: congratulations with the! Why are you winking I was curious. I thought it was cute, hmm cuz it cuz. The wink implies somehow that you're. Like almost you, don't mean it. You like congratulations, but you did mean it Einstein. Instead, I just thought was a cute face. Ethan, okay, here I made a comment and our mochi games are scray in fire. Lately, congratulations wishing you both lifelong comfort and joy and pooping with the door open which I'm proud to say that we now mean he would now enjoy that luxury together, I poop with the door open, because you are mid-conversation a lot of times. You know I really don't mind it as long as I'm not liking. Yet don't watch me yeah. If I'm not in front of you, don't put up, put a chair down and watch me [, __ ], you know I'm, [, __, ] and I guess also. Maybe I would have minded it when we used to live in a tiny apartment. I could see that no escape from the smell and the sound yeah. So I could see that being a problem, but today yeah we just leave the door open. Well, not every time, but it's just not I'm willing to do that with you. That's where we are, which I wish them that level of comfort in their lives as well. They may already have that comfort in joy, but in true, let's see lots of oh wow, that's an inappropriate when racists get married come on dude. Why is that at the top, even like Twitter's, like yeah? Let's put that at the top shut up dude a lot of that's what dude? This is a conspiracy theory. It has 300 likes all these have like tens of thousands. Mine has a lot of comments. Maybe it said you know people went crazy for that. One by the way, I, don't I mean who's. This ethan klein with 55,000 likes whoa who's, that guy bomb athletes, apparently, who did I believe in bomb tweets holy [, __ ]. Let me check out his profile. It says, let's see the replies that I'm gonna get into it. Do you think Marc sees a racist because she's a telling it in you races, mmm-hmm, that's an interesting argument. Okay, Shane is happy. Jack's film is happy. Jeff made some Minecraft edits. Now, that's a wedding venue. Well, he recreated every photo in Minecraft man, you gotta love it give it up for Jeff, Swiper people. Keemstar. Put all this effort into a very heartfelt message. He couldn't even be bothered to write out. Congratulations. He simply said congrats no punctuation just congrats. So, thank you for the thoughtful message to keemstar, not impressed I'm, a youth football coach Legend. So wake me up when you have two championship rings, which are infinitely more valuable than wedding rings. It's fair enough! Cinnamon toast can with the Flex. He was at the wedding thanks for having it being at PewDiePie's. Wedding is like the Last Supper. You know, Cooper's is in the middle and then they painted it like the closeness is how important you are so cinnamon toast was at the supper table. So congratulations to you and so on and so forth. What is this congratulations? This is totally unrelated, but toilet paper. Areum I want to wipe your tears away. Oh I, like that, that's cool! Oh it's, not even earrings, just a clip, that's awesome! I would buy that anyway. We wish you well baby bye and, on a serious note, congratulations, I. I, really truly think that they have a strong, meaningful relationship. They've been together for so long. You know, and it's pretty cool actually to see them like I'm, seeing them together. For so long I mean my god. How long have they been together like who knows? Probably seven years yeah, that's great I, think it's beautiful, I, think I love to see a role model like Felix can show that a happy fulfilling long-term relationship as possible mm-hmm and that it could be meaningful and sustainable mm-hmm, because I really do think that. Well, you know with you: I have a love. Is they really love you compared to when you see someone with a different girl every week, which is kind of the norm? These days? Maybe I don't know, but him being like the number biggest internet star, handsome young man he's settling down and well she's a catch to listen, yeah man, you know Google search, says they've been together since 2011, so yeah, it's like eight years, yeah I'd, like it I, think he's a I. Think he's a good boy. It's a good message. Yeah, it is I, think he's a good role model in that way. Although the insoles would say it's just his bone structure, so depends how you look and she's a gold digger yeah she's so depends how you looking anyway, congratulations to pewdiepie. We love you. We appreciate you wish you all the very best in life and all the things to come and Marzia as well. Mm-Hmm I'm, a fan of Marcia she's, a real sweet I mean she out here apart in Seoul. We have this story about the huge Amazon fires. But let's talk about that on Friday. Shall we Dan mm-hmm sounds good. We've got the beach buggy. We've got the fan mail from the salmon and next week we're gonna do Arby's taste test advert, verse reality I'm, looking farted that actually yes, very much because the truth is the fat guy and me just wants to eat. Arby's like I secretly just want to eat fast food, not that secretly yeah, it's not I literally am so yeah the week after that, we're gonna be doing a chat box reality verse. How are you doing on your diet? What would you say that ELA no I'm kidding I'm down I'm still trending downwards? Okay, that's good I'm I talk about I, look I'm doing it on Noom, no I'll give updates on the next sponsor I read: ok, I got a lot to report, though it's exciting. Ask me: okay, you don't look excited. Why are you doing this I can't believe you've done this, you should show off your necklace before we go. I, don't know if you guys can zoom can see, but we could see it pretty well like a blinged-out teddy bear teddy bear it's pretty dope. It's [, __, ] sick. Don't get fooled, it's not actual! Don't Romans I personally, don't see the value in real diamonds. Just as good thing is. If that was real diamonds, it would cost like two hundred thousand dollars. It would look exactly the same and you would be paranoid and scared shitless, but damn we'll put a pole so we'll decide which one to buy and maybe next time we'll just have the scooter right then well, we're done. I know she turned it down before we go. Can we see your shoes? No, she called me fat, so I'm denying her shoe, can I call you fat, well, I, think you're, giving update on your diet. I wanted to follow up. You live with me. You know my dad is not a stranger [Applause], [Applause] [Music].