Hello: everybody, it's yours, truly ethan klein of the h3 podcast today's episode, it's sponsored by yours, truly at Teddy fresh. We got a lot of fascinating things to get to II love courses with me say what up my damnation, mom nation, my mom named Scooter named Scooter nation, but so first of all, I need to talk about this pop eyes. First chick-fil-a battle now I'm doing this at the top of the show, because I don't wanna get food poisoning and these sandwiches been sitting out already for two and a half hours. When we did the Arby's challenge. I had diarrhea for three days and I'm, not I'm, not saying that, like oh I had Arby's that I had diarrhea I had diarrhea for three days: I, don't know if that was the Arby's or the fact that was sitting out for like three hours before I got to it. I think it should be able to last three hours, though yeah I, think the food regulation in a restaurants for right can only be sitting out for four, so we were in the window for I, don't think so. But everything I've read is like you can't even leave chicken out for an hour well check it well. Does it check what about what about steamed roast beef? So Popeyes has come out with the chicken sandwich now. Popeyes is a chicken place. People have long held chick-fil-a to be the gold standard of chicken sandwiches I, don't know what took Popeyes so long to figure out that they should make a chicken sandwich, but hey here they are 2019 making a chicken sandwich and people are losing their mind. For example, ian was at Popeyes at 10:30 in the morning. Not a breakfast item. Ian. Tell me about your experience at Popeyes this morning. At 10:30, it was like packed line, was basically out the door 10:00 a.m. and like a minute wait. Are you doing a sandwich right now, I was I had to try it, which one did you talk about it which one the Popeyes yeah yeah alright. Well, save your thoughts, your you you're gonna participate right. You've got a chick-fil-a back there, - yeah, okay, good, but go ahead. Sorry I, just you were eating and I had to. It was like a 30-minute wait at 10:00 a.m. for a chicken sandwich, so dude I crazy. It's not limited time. It's just everyone's going crazy over this popeyes chicken sandwich I even saw quavo of uh of what's his. What's his band name, Oh migas amigos here you go slinging them for $1000. At the back of the car, expect we have more I was expecting when he open his trunk to have like a thousand man. I tell you these guys. I, don't understand. I mean they speak at another. Got 1,000 a chicken thousand that part of the Glenridge. Now electric on the broom, cuz I heard cardi B doing that is it Ian? Is that mean chicken or is that just kind of a it could mean a lot of different things? I think it's just the chicken don't play for real cuz. That's what chickens say, because I've heard cardi B using that expression and various situation really good versus I did good, didn't I! You love, yeah, yeah, glad you'll! You try. I can't do that. Try but I think it's an english-speaking thing that oh really cuz. It's like the are! Maybe I'm wrong, maybe I, don't know the I think I just suck anyway. We don't need to go to quavo for a thousand. We got Ian in line at 10:30, Bay, okay, so chick-fil-a is that you can play some Popeyes was a lot burger, no Popeye's Chicken, so they never made the chicken sandwich. Even though they've been around for decades. They never thought they'd, never thought of it, but [ __ ]. So chick-fil-a is these Christian owned. I. Think it's like the in and out of chicken and I have to I got to eat some crow a little bit here, because when we did our fast-food rating I put your flat low because we never really tried it. I got it. I cut a lot of [ __, ], yeah and I have to tell you guys, I've since gone to chick-fil-a, yeah and I have to place them up. I would place them up at AAA after after eating there, because the service, the quality I, mean the the whole experience of going there and I'll tell you. I do I uh, III, misspoke, okay, I caution. I got a lot of [ __, ] and I agreed that I should have given more respect to chick-fil-a apologies to everyone. All these people who are unsubscribed get the word out, know that I've corrected the record. So no, what about Popeyes? Have you ever I've had Popeyes a long time ago, but it's it's like it's a chicken place. I mean what do they sell? You guys just like chicken on the bone, like KFC style, yeah, exactly they're, purists, I guess, and they said the sandwich is below the quality of chicken that we serve here at Popeyes. Interesting, as the name indicates, it's a classy joint, the Twitter accounts started beefy. Even so, chick-fil-a took a dig at Popeyes. They said bun chicken pickles, where the original all the love for the original Wow, so they're, the original they're saying well, it's a chicken sandwich I mean guys. It's not that revolutionary I don't know if you can claim credit for bread and chicken and pickles, but Popeye says y'all good and I. That's a little too Street for me decipher what that means. But I think what they're saying is like why you trippin okay. Is that correct? It's like essentially just yeah, cuz I've got a lot of likes and retweets. So certainly there's a lot of meaning packed into the they say like you guys got a problem. Yes, yeah right right, you got a problem and then, in the comments is for all-out war, drag their Trump supporting asses, oh wow, it's the the sandwich. Wars become political, come on, I mean Popeyes right now. Here you go. You know this is right. Now, no, you know you're not baby, and it's okay, you're, not good. It's! Okay, it's okay! To not be good! There you go. There was one I wanted to show you guys. Oh wow, that's a really awful edit. There was one reaction, gif that shocked the hell out of me. That was like so vulgar. I want to find it here. This one I was like what is rogue these girls dude. This is they go Popeyes gang we ride out at midnight is what they said and listen to what these girls say. Cuz, it scares me I felt that very they're, spitting, they're grabbing the hair, they're beating I mean I, don't know, I, didn't it's good, that's cool! He was down. She likes that call-and-response she's, but I like it too. We look. Wendy's tried to jump in, but Wendy's I mean seriously just [ __ ] stay in your lane. Dude she's go away. Wendy's, please y'all out here fighting about which of these fools as the second best sandwich. You know. What's the real truth, it's the same social media guy, managing all three accounts. I've long said that it's I hate it I hate most of all, I hate, the one Ds guy just shut up good. Does the brands are so annoying yeah stop saying y'all I mean it's really just hello, fellow children. Would you like to try my KFC people are falling for it, though people love this [ __ ], they love, but it's literally just some dude in a suit trying to pretend to be hip to sell you, a chicken sandwich, hello in a suit I. Think it's a kid. No, it's a kid, but you understand the man. Usa Today ran a scientific poll, a very scientific poll on Twitter chick-fil-a, actually edged out, which is surprising because I mostly see your eyes is better, which is yeah, I mean so you're saying people think Popeyes is better. That's what I'm seeing yeah most people are seem to be saying that Popeyes is better. Now, there's even conspiracies around that poll. People are saying it's being brigaded by christian groups because they support chick-fil-a. It's all very political review. Brah even dead are anticipated this legend on empty food. You know that helpful I mean I'm still a fan of chick-fil-a I gotta say both of these are equally I mean they're. Both they're, both good okay I, have to tell you this what he says: chick-fil-a edges out right, uh yeah, you seen yeah. He gave the slight edge to chick-fil-a, but it's very scientific about it, though. Yes, as he I love how he just fired. I'm gonna do secret. If I only eats it. There's the pickle. You know it's time you tomato the one thing compared to the chick-fil-a sandwich. That's a huge way! This is my favorite part of this review. Let's see which one is better here we go. This is my favorite part turn it up turn it up sit back you turning it up, I ever cranked, yeah good, you know is that how arias Amara started from review? Brah yeah she loved. It he's not afraid to take the time to focus in and give a fair evaluation. So there you have it. He gave a slight edge to chick-fil-a and then so I mean his opinion holds a lot of weight in this world of feud reviews, but, frankly, I don't think anyone can can end. This debate, like me, I'm a fat guy I, eat way too much fast. Food I'm, a fat mother, I, think I love chicken, sandwiches, I love all food, in fact, and I'm ready to do this test and ela, on the other hand, is very picky and she did man's quality. She demands attention to detail, so I think this is gonna, be a really good test. Now is there what's the? What are we testing against? So here's one sandwich from Popeyes now right off the bat I like the packaging of chick-fil-a I, agree: I, don't like the bag. Yeah reminds me of getting food from like 7-eleven hold on now. What did you're dissing the bag, but the bag has a foil lining, I noticed which kept it much hotter. Okay over time, all right, the flimsy little usually usually don't wait three hours to eat mine, that's true! So this this is just the classic I just see pickles and mayo. This is Popeyes. Okay. Here we go. What a great show I could get a bite pickle. You know, I, don't belong for a second bar I mean no surprise. Mm-Hmm, no surprise you. What am I seem that impressed it's pretty much exactly what you'd expect? Are you going for a third we're, just tasting you? No, no. We got a show to run. That's a taste for me, I'm serious, the guy who's doing these [ __ ] just eat fast food from you, I think the bread is nice. The pickles is nice. There's a nice harmony. There's a nice, balanced simplicity, mm-hmm! It's a good sandwich! The bread is super chewy and nice and I like that. It's not oily on the outside. Now that is not a bite because it tastes of the pickles chicken, the bread, no but I'm, trying to not eat in front of a thousand people, a million piercings like all right. Well, what do you think? It's a good, no I! Think if we're going over to this. This is the apples. Apples, okay, this one's smaller I'll, tell you right off the bat. Oh there's no condiments on it. Is that meant to be that's just the plain chicken sandwiches, Wow, no condiments, okay, just pickles under it or thing I mean I, honestly, would say: they're identical, they're, literally identical I, like that. There's condiments on that one though I feel like the flavor is what I need to taste. It's the same thing I feel like it was good. Actually, the bread is non-drying how you gotta taste that one we're doing a taste test, I tasted it all right. You didn't taste the chick-fil-a one, no I know. What do you mean there's two different sandwiches. This is Popeyes. This is chick-fil-a. No! Yes, oh, it is yeah. When did you grab I thought everything in the bag in the bag? Okay, guys I'm, not just eating for a hobby, really I know you think I am cuz. I thought chick-fil-a was in a box that one is that's the deluxe that will could be getting to next. Okay, okay, so go ahead! This is a chick-fil-a. Alright, goodbye right down the middle Paul Pius is bear wow. You are instant I want to break it down better flavor Wow holy [, __ ] I mean I'm so on the fence, but I'll say I'm, Popeyes credit, it's bigger, he's put together, I think there's more going on there. I, like the condiment I, think I could give it to pop I still I think that chicken tastes better chick-fil-a. It's got like a weird flavor I, don't like how this I don't like it's like look chicken and bread and pickles it's a little too simple. For me, let's move it on to the deluxe I feel like this is the real test is the chick-fil-a spicy Deluxe? Now this is more my speed here. You got a spicy chicken and we have this from Popeyes. Yes, okay, you got the lettuce of tomato. The cheese that looks like a commercial I have to say that yeah perfectly constructed from chick for a look at that. It's picturesque, yeah Arby's, take note that looks amazing [Laughter]. That is a bite out of the commercial by that one for sure. Hmm, okay, give that give that here. Do they here girl, yeah? We can't do this segments I'm, sorry, mmm, I'm, not down. How is anyone watching this? Yes, yeah? You guys gotta help me Arby's uh, yes, I'm, trying Ethan what am I supposed to I'm getting lost in the sauce sandwich. I get that sandwich of five a five out of ten it's good, okay, Popeyes hi! This gonna be hard to top. This is the last of this kind of segments we do or bees whatever I'm, really just printer foot down man, all right. You lose the boss now, okay, so this is their premium. It's just got some like spicy mayo and by the way Popeyes. That's a pit. Cold coverage is weak as [ __ ], and doesn't look good, yeah, chick-fil-a presentation. Ten, it's sad I mean it's a pig. It's like a commercial yeah, all right God. You want to see how to take a bite. Okay, every once in my life, yes, hmm, the Julie did not elicit that kind of reaction from that was better. That is viscera and I say immediately. Popeyes is about I, never expected that sandwich is so bomb no chick-fil-a. It looks okay, but come on wear it to eat. Oh it's like! Oh and it's legit, spicy too, the chick-fil-a spice is like. Oh no. You look in here. I knew that I never had anything that delicious any one more bite. Okay, this is my life. I passed the Sam. This is my line of the podcast anymore. That sandwich I'm, not slaying girl, yeah chick-fil-a doesn't make me okay. That crazy no way am I. Crazy, am I crazy, or is this crazy? No, this is yeah I'm with you. Thank you got your back no next time. Next time, when I ask how is the diet going? Maybe you guys won't be so upset at me because I saw people saying, like not cool. With that comment, really I thought people thought it was funny. I thought was nothing: oh, my god, okay Popeye's so blows it away holy crap by far I have to say the presentation on that spicy deluxe I was like come on. House Popeyes gonna beat this. That Popeyes sandwich wouldn't hit your mouth. It's got the spice, it's not the pickle. Let me go in for another bite. No, no I'm kidding chick-fil-a flavor is so weird I. Never liked it. I'll tell you what this the texture of the chicken has a little strange thing and the chick-fil-a to it. It's weird Wow Popeyes there you have it folks, that's it there's nothing else to say, and if you want my I didn't like one of the best I've tasted. If you want my recommendation that spicy chicken sandwich from Popeyes, it's crazy, dude ah hold on. Let me pull this up to it. I'm with these girls right now. Let me join there. Yo yo chick-fil-a I got a message for you. I'ma stop on her face and when I I'm gonna fit in her mouth I'm a poop in her face. I need this to wake up every morning, I want Popeye gang yeah. Oh how long we know we break or we're keep going. Let's see, we got about six more minutes break down. Whoa that was intense. I. Tell you that spicy didn't it shocked the hell out of me. You know I gotta say you know: I've been a vegetarian for a long time, so I don't really have a horse in this race. However, back in the day when I was between like KFC and Popeyes, Popeyes has always been waiver, so I never had Paul bite its head up once or twice a time in. Do you have any thoughts on this cuz you're participating as well? I. Think chick-fil-a is the most overrated fast-food place ever oh [, __ ]. This is excuse me. It's America. We fooled by what we drove all the way to chick-fil-a in Agoura Hills from the valley and it's [ __ ] closed on Sunday I was like [ __ ]. If you got to be a church, gets fire, some juice, they'll work on Sunday or something you get that [ __ ] in Israel. Why did I move here right and Israel everything's closed on the weekends I'm American? Well, you know this is it's like. The flood gate is open to criticize chick-fil-a. All of a sudden. Now all the haters come out of the woodwork I. Don't like their fries, you that you would think that you wouldn't be able to mess up Chris cut fries what they suck the chick-fil-a sauce, though, is it's a 1? It's the best mayonnaise there's a do. We have any day and I grab some horsey sauce. It's like well, anyway, Popeyes! Congratulations! We wish you well I'm gonna go burn down a chick Blaine stomp that hoe. Meanwhile, there is something else that I think would beat. All of them recently stumbled across this home, cooking video, it's probably for royalty free. But what you have here is a deep-fried be be cute chicken, pepperoni, deep-dish, quesadillas sandwich. It has 20 million views and you'll see why, when I was watching this house, like- oh it's just like you describe what it is, it's just so it's ground chicken with barbecue and now they're, adding some onion and cilantro and green onion and I was like yeah. It's like a barbecue chicken, quesadilla I, don't understand. What's the big deal push down some tortilla? What do you call that baking? It's like one of the flute, the baking flute or something she's, laying down a ton of chicken a lot of bark, very saucy, yeah I, want to say too little too saucy Tong Marchese, another quesadilla, I'm, pressing it down what just the door to you. Quesadilla, oh yeah, just said: yeah we've got a little sauce here. Why not it's one of these videos that just keeps going yeah some del powder that part I, don't really get the del powder know that already looks like an abomination. It's like a case. It barbeque chicken quesadilla. That's like an inch thick inch and a half thick. So now she takes a fat slice and pan basically batters it with powder an egg and breads it. Why I'm assuming she's gonna deep-fry it yeah, now we're deep frying the like in in a half chicken quesadilla into now what looks like a pie by now. You've got the whole quesadilla deep-fried on a pizza dish and she's, putting marinara sauce a lot cheese and pepperonis and baked it again. So here you go this monstrosity. The the beep deep-fried Biba cube chicken pepperoni deep-dish quesadilla sandwich. Oh my god, I think that's gotta be well a for effort, certainly I'm sure it tastes like ass, though, because you have like so much barbecue sauce in there remember just nasty one slice is that is like ten thousand Colorado yeah, but I mean props. They did it good. So there you have it right, I! Guess you always got to push the push it further, I wonder where they could have probably taken it further. You know to be great once it's a pizza blend it up and turn into a smooth that something says and Wendy. Oh yeah, just undo it all. What you do is, after you do all that work. You blend it up, add breadcrumbs and then turn it into like a meatball or something just start all over all right. Well, let's take a quick break. I need to lay down after all that, how long do I eat a lot of chicken right now, I had to do it for the game. I had to give up that I had to give Lila. You saw the excitement. You saw how weapons on the line can evaluate on a little chicken bite. Okay, a little nibble- maybe here I'm here to entertain I'm just glad it was all on video and everyone can see what I see was it that crazy go ahead? You guys could tell me you got you got a twinkle in your eye for sure. Well, yeah, there's a flash they reminded me of when Bilbo wants the ring. Well more! Yes, thank you before we go to break. We. We haven't just discussed this, but you tweeted something this weekend. Well, I! It's on my dock! Oh you were gonna, bring it up. Yeah, of course talk about my nudes, of course, but I'll give the whole backstory to that. So we'll be right back I'm gonna, take a quick nap, we're gonna, come back talk about PewDiePie, hitting a hundred million and we're eating me to edit it's gonna be so much fun. We got all my nudes have been leaked, I'm gonna talk about that I mean guys. This whole episode of your life. It's not just easy. Okay, we got. We got real contest all right. Today's episode is sponsored by yours, truly, okay, Simpson, no, not OJ, Simpson, illa Cline, all right. Basically, what I'm saying is that we don't have any sponsors today and I need to waste about three or four minutes, so that I can run to the bathroom right now and heat. Let me take this time to tell you about Teddy fresh we've got a new collection out check out this man. Yeah you're gonna want this look at this patchwork hoodie. First of all, one of the nicest items I think we've ever made. You got the Sun Rise and, of course, the sunset now, don't even get me started on these elastic fleece, patchwork pants, which are frankly a technical master. Either. Tell me about the construction of these. It took us a while to decide how to proportion the all the squares, because across the different sizes it changes right right. It's like we go from extra small to 3x own, so we had to pick something that would work for all the sizes, so it took a few tries and then on the side of the short I like how there is a seam that goes only on under the pocket, and then it stops. So the panel can continue without a seam so like if you show a model picture of the short from the side here you can see so you see how the blue doesn't have a seam. It doesn't have a cut in the middle yeah, some some serious geometry going on here, yeah. So that was all we got. We got two designers and we've all been working hard round the clock around the clock and it came out really nice and some people I saw people wonder in what kind of fabric wait this one? Is it's not as heavy as the color-block? No, it's a it's. A lighter weight and I kind of think it works better because of all the panels mm-hmm, it would be to like the panel's come where yeah yeah so but I think this is just I love it. It's so good, it's so nice so well made. You can love this another item. We got here new ride or die baby mock neck yeah I, really like how these came out and we got to work up with this graphic, more yeah. We are. We have the etiquette that originally said ride or die, which I like a lot for the graphic, but we had to you got a brand. It so and then yeah it started getting messy because you'll go right or die, then you want to put Teddy fresh somewhere. So I do want to work with the rider dye concept. With this graphic we do, we will have a long sleeve coming up. That does have it all. This leaves yeah I want to make like a jacquard sweater with ride-or-die on the front with like flames and [ __ ]. You know sick [, __, ], epic, this shirt, I'm wearing right now, dude. This shirt is so sick. Let me get a here, so this is a heavy gauge. The fabric is unbelievable. The embroidery is so clean. It's so nice. The flame I mean this. R embroidery came out so clean dude, everything's just and then so. You've got the blue and the purple and you got the pink and the white which I mean forget about it. You know what I'm saying pink and white such a wonderful color, combo I'm, just mm-hmm yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, love, love, love, love, love! We did this. We did this last year in Paris, which was also really nice change. Some photos, these don't look very Peres, see those are just yeah. These ones have Paris there. You go, there's life--all Tower mm-hmm, some other efforts yeah. Besides the Eiffel Tower like how do we show us in Paris, so they go get their bike at yeah. You go to a cafe with a baguette yeah this one yeah they're like look we're in Paris forget about. We got tons of new bags. Besides those garments, this is the crossbody in two colors, but bada-bing and bada-boom. All of them they're called black backpack. That was this is full I made to everyone's demand. People kept asking: why do we only make the meaning backpack? They wanted a full size. So, for this fits a laptop yes Stan inch laptop. Maybe you should write full size here, because they kind of it's kind of confusing, like you could almost click on it. You see, I, think full size, color block full size. Backpack would be maybe more okay, more expressive for people. You know, because then any backpack, which is ahead, especially with the ladies mm-hmm ladies love, that many cuz the size is so great. It really fits everything. It's lighter! It's easy! You can take the straps off and carry out like a bag. The fanny pack forget about it, I mean who you're kidding huh and then also these hats, weren't or no - right mm-hmm. This really is very pretty. Okay, there's a lot coming up until the end of the year. There's a lot coming did we're up to ten employees. Now at Eddie fresh, we are not kidding around. We are working around the clock this and you know what work yeah we're slamming we're really fun. Well, it's fun to feel like you're, actually building a real business. You know like, as they would say, on Shark Tank. Are you a Juan Trippe renewer or an entrepreneur and I think we may be waiting in the territory of not being a Juan Trippe renew or my will see? I love the one troponin yeah I know it's the ultimate dis of Cuban you're, a water preneur. Should we say the ribbon dip, collab date, sure and location sure so, September 20th, there's gonna be a mate angry and pop-up shop in New, York City. And why see you, the new rippin dip? Collab collection is coming out. We will be there in person. We're gonna do faces with Prince Theodor, that's a little a there at the me. He will not be at the meeting, but I'm already nervous about packing, like how do you pack for a baby, I, don't know, and it's gonna be fun to happy in New York with them, though cuz like better, you can't really bring. No, which is sad and so it's but then Theodore- we're gonna, be in Central Park with little Bing bong. It's me so nice to push him through Central, Park and fun, so we're bringing out my mom and my sister yeah they're gonna watch, babysitter Patrol yeah and we're very excited yeah. So if you are in the New York area, New York, City area, you're, not gonna, want to miss this epic, epic pop-up. It's a full store concept. We are coming out hard. When is it again, September 20, it's a Friday, October 20! That's right! That's like a month away, I know holy freaking crap that you fast Dan. How long have we been going a long time? Seven minutes what this isn't really an ad. This is just cast all right. Well, I! Guess that's enough that so we will be right back from the bathroom and right back in to the podcast. Welcome back everybody on this beautiful Tuesday afternoon. Blessed golden it'll never come again, so seize the day enjoy the time this is the motivational I was thinking about something motivational to talk about yeah, oh yeah, I! Remember what it was I was saying, I think about this from time to time, and it's a little it's a little anecdote from my life that I wanted to share with you guys in the hopes that maybe it will hold some value to you now, as you guys know, and I've said it time and time again and I'm not saying this to embarrass you or flattered you, I'm, just saying, as a matter of fact, that meeting ela has has been the cause of everything good in my life, I mean besides having a loving fulfilling partnership life partnership. It's also led me down the path of being an entertainer, which is something I can almost certainly say. I would never have explored or achieved on my own, as you guys know the catalyst for that was that you was in our class and she had to make videos yadda-yadda-yadda long story short now. If you go back to when I first met ela in Israel, it was in the myths of my most severe years of anxiety, disorder. I was pretty much dysfunctional when I think back to myself. I had so much anxiety and dysfunction. I mean how even holding a conversation was was was extremely challenging to me and I. Remember. It was so bad some days. I would just stay in my room, sick, because I told him I wasn't feeling well, because I just honestly could not muster the strength to go out and be with this group of strangers. Frankly and I wasn't really clicking with anyone, because I was just a mess anyway, and so before I connected with ela. There was a young man on the group who was a paranoid schizophrenic and apparently he had probably lost his medicine or forgot it or just stopped taking it, and he started going into a very severe episode of of mania and psychosis. I was during the first week of the birth right, where I wasn't part of it. Yet right because um I was the soldier that they bring onto the group- and you guys were there for two weeks and we came in on the second week right so that either wasn't there I didn't know her I didn't matter, but for some reason I was ended. Up hitting it off with this I ended up, hitting it off with this guy a little bit before before the episode kicked in because he was kind of a loner and he was having trouble socializing and I. Think I, just gravitated to him. Cuz I [Music], well probably a little bit because I identified with him that I was kind of suffering the same thing but also I wanted to you know: I felt bad for him and so I gravitated to him a little bit. That was before the episode then, once he started losing his mind, I get to other something wrong with the guy, because I remember the exact moment he lost it. We were at some tomb and he we were. The whole group was there and it was kind of confusing because it was this whole mountain. They called it like the unknown soldiers tomb or something well, there wasn't really like a specific tomb was more like a space and he raises his hand, and he goes uh. Is this the tomb and she goes? Oh, he says. Where is the tomb and she says oh we're at the tomb now and everyone laughs at him. Yeah I thought I was like what kind of a valid question. I was confused about a tilt. Everyone started laughing at him and giving him [ __ ], which is weird cuz they're, all kind of like in their 20s and I was walking with them, and one of these [ __ ] kids goes by coast, who I'll just call him uh I, don't want to use his real name, I'll, just call him uh Michael Karl. He goes hey Karl where's the tomb, oh just like a total, like I said I mean it was so douchey I was blown away, and from that moment he started acting super weird. We got on the bus, he was like totally out of it. We got on the bus I'm sitting next to him. He turns to me he goes the devil talks to me and tells me to do bad things. That was what he's told me and I immediately was like oh dude. This guy's like unhinged right now, I, don't know and he's slowly deteriorating on the bus he's like grabbing people in front of him, not like hostile or just weird he's trying to talk to people and he's hallucinating he's talking about he's having like and I'm a little scared for myself and the safety of others. When he told me the devil, talks to him and tells him to do bad things, I was like like what mm-hmm like. Why don't you tell me like what? But then he says something like he says something like innocent like oh, if I smoke a cigarette, then I'll die or something like that. Then he starts talking about how he tell he starts telling me yeah, I'm schizophrenic, I got diagnosed but and I thought it was better, but you know he started telling he was really dark dude. He started talking to me about like how he was gonna. You want he he wanted to kill himself. They didn't have the courage to do it. Well, I was like [ __, ] I felt so bad for this dude. Apparently he was doing pretty well back home on his meds and he was working holding out a job but I think just putting him in this. It was a very stressful atmosphere for him. He wasn't connecting with anyone. People were making fun of him for Christ's sake, so ridiculous. So on the bus I tell the guys is like hey something's, going on with with homie, and we've got to check him out and he's just he's out of it he's totally glued he's out of it. Like there's no question about it like he starts struggling with the tour guide and he doesn't want to get off the bus and eventually we pulled him over and the police come and they handcuff him and we go to the police and so I'm the only one that knows him and they want they like are asking for someone to help so I volunteered to go help we go to like the police station. You handcuffed. Why is he handcuffed because he was just acting erratic you're, unpredictable okay I mean he thought. Oh yeah right. One of our tour guides. He thought was the devil and he punched him in the face Wow he goes you're the devil and he punched him in the face. He wasn't a small guy either, so he was acting like violent. Actually at one point and well, I'm gonna tell this whole story because interesting, but I'm gonna come back and and make a point of it. So we're in the police station they're trying to a right they're trying to get a hold of his family to arrange home a ride home for him. They don't know how they're gonna put him on a plane because he's having an episode. They really don't know what to do with the guy and it was crazy on the way to the PlayStation they pulled over. For some reason: I, don't remember why they pulled over well, he got out of the car and you ran and jumped the fence into like an orchid and disappeared. It was the craziest [ __ ], one of the craziest things I've ever witnessed, and the tour guide and the police officer are running. They say stay out by the car and they running into the orchid. I can't see anyone now on the side of the freeway, the orchard. You know it was like lemon trees and [ __ ]. You can't see anything and after like 20 minutes nobody's coming, he comes wandering out by himself they're, not with him and I'll. Never forget. There was a fence there and he kept trying to jump over it, but he couldn't and then slightly to the right. There is a hole, a giant hole that you could easily walk through and he keeps trying to get out and then he walks right by the hole, mm-hmm and he's trying to jump over the fence right next to the hole. So eventually they show up, they get him. They handcuff him to get back in the car and I said to the tour guide. I said: listen all I, Bob I, honestly I I volunteer to fly back with them and cut my my trip short and well. They they event eventually, I didn't have to do that. They figured something out, but I was ready to leave. I was ready to go home and I mean the the difference that would have made in my life and is immeasurable. I mean like serious yeah that that I would never have crossed that that crossed that crossroad with you mm-hmm, and so he left and soon afterwards, you came on the group and I was in the midst of dealing with all this I mean I was so [ __ ] up I wasn't sleeping I could barely function. I was just a total [ __ ] mess, and this situation was just even weirder. On top of all that, mm-hmm and like somehow through. All of that, like I, was able to muster the strength somehow to talk to you and I think it was probably good in a way that you couldn't speak English only because, like I was able to be more comfortable and that yeah I was gonna, say I couldn't tell well yeah. Most people probably couldn't tell that I was dealing with that [ __ ], no idea, but anyway, what pursuit? What ensued was that we hit it off. Obviously, and the rest is history, but the point is that thinking back on that is that, like just pushing through and forcing yourself to to do things that, are you don't want to do whether you know you should do whether that's talking to a girl, you think's, pretty or staying on, are working through social anxiety or something outside your comfort as something outside your comfort like no matter what shitty circumstance you're and you have to push through it, no matter what and- and the truth is that, if you can't push through that uncomfortable circumstance that impossible circumstance, it will pay off every time mm-hmm it will get better, it will pay off. You got to face your fears and you've got to just push through it. Looking back I, don't know how I did it for me. It was just like. Did he try to talk you into non-living, the guys they told me yeah? They did so like you just stay. You know. You've helped enough, like that's ridiculous whatever, but I was ready to do it I. Just you know. Part of me wanted to leave too frankly, because I was like so over it mm-hmm, but when I saw you and I and I kind of got over all that and just tried connecting with you was uh and even going on the trip to begin with, because I didn't want to do that. Just the point is that if you can't get work through all this stuff force yourself, it will it will pay off every time, mm-hmm and if I would have just succumbed to my anxiety and the situation and the circumstance that I was found myself in and just been like. You know, I'm not in the right mood I'm. Just this pathetic anxious fat, [, __, ], bearded, loser and I. Don't even try to talk to this girl or orange. You know come on this trip at all. My life would wouldn't would be somewhere else, far less good. Sure of that. So I, hopefully think about that that crossroad in my life, because there was so much going on and I'm very proud of myself in retrospect for being able to still connect, make a connection with you know somehow mm-hmm. So that's just my little story that maybe is useful. Just coming out there I mean I feel like I can see myself in those situations a lot when I look back and I always see that been the result of pushing through down comfort like even the idea of being in videos at first was like just not even an option for me and then look today and like I, don't know, I still, I still can't watch myself, but like I hate, watching myself, mm-hmm, but obviously I'm trying to work on that mmm. Obviously, it's insane Hey, but I'm so happy that we did that stuff and a lot of times. You pushed me to even withdrawing, and you pushed me through doing more and not being shy and just like I've on so many aspects, wherever I see that I I can I can point to myself at a time when I did something that I know, I was uncomfortable, doing and I push through it. I always I can see now like how much it paid back always I would even look to people out there and and and to myself, and you it's like when you feel uncomfortable about doing something. Sometimes that's your cue that you should do that day. There's something that makes you uncomfortable, then maybe that's the thing you should be attacking if it's something you want to do, if it's something you see yourself doing, but there's something holding you back. You know yeah, even with Eddie fresh like because I got to work with people, and sometimes those meetings with other people seem so impossible to me right and give me anxiety just the idea of meeting with a team right, but then every time I do it and I come back and it's like. Oh, the meeting was so great yeah, so good, so productive yeah. This podcast is an example for almost like up until maybe just now, every episode was like, oh, like I felt I got so anxious before and I was so worried about. Everything and I will come out feeling like [, __ ], but I knew it was worth it and and ultimately, a good thing. Mm-Hmm I'm very happy that we we've be able to build this podcast as well, which was something I was very uncomfortable with from the beginning, mm-hmm the thought of being in front of a camera unfiltered raw baby, stuffing my face with chicken getting drunk I've learned, not to get drunk and maybe not to stuff yourself with chicken we're working on that I ever stopped that. But you guys know what I'm saying yeah and you you you know, that's it. That's all I got to say and most of all don't go on Twitter when you're on ambien write down it's good advice. Thank you, the ambien part! Well that just came out I guess it was the chicken all the chicken sandwich today it or something but share that story. Yeah was that Popeyes spicy sauce that me got me feeling that I can't emotional believe it like when I think about co-vice on birthright. It just feels like a different lifetime. Well, we're just a bunch of stupid kids we're so young you were 19. I was 21. You know I'm 34, you guys I'm 31, so that was a long time ago. Yeah and you are not very long in the tooth at 19 to 21. You know what I mean you're, just kids, then yeah yeah I mean I, see I, see that air of our relationship, there's like that era, and then there's the yeah, the Santa Cruz era and then there's the Israel area. That's kind of it's all! Well, there's the Israel era, there's a layer, but that's like the serious yeah. It's all part of the same story for me, Ezreal feels like a like a dream. I mean really I. Think if I really lived there for five years and I, it's just like a dream to me. Like that, it's all just a haze life is so weird. It really is, and we've only been doing, YouTube remember this, because this trips me out we've only been doing this professionally for like four five years. Five, probably it's not that long! That's! Basically how long I was in college mm-hmm. That feels like a haze. I can't remember a single [, __ ] thing from college yeah world of warcraft huh lots of World of Warcraft. Well, that's it PewDiePie hit 100 million. Do we have a ins Edit to first kind of launch in this to this conversation? I do believe we do where's. Can you play tours? No, my computer. No, we got it we'll. Take it away. Go ahead! Is my mic open? Yes, okay, so young in put this together, celebrate no! You didn't have enough time to complete itself he's fighting t-shirts. T-Shirts did beat him, we realized, but he's overcoming controversy. That's him on the bridge he's overcome tear series. The monetization minecraft is, of course, his greatest ally Ian. This looks so ridiculously good. What was that Wall Street Journal Bob, that is the vibe though he overcame at all- and here we are YouTube rewind- does refuses to acknowledge him, yet he overcame at all. Very nice work there and on that, we're all very proud of you mmm-hmm. Thank you. So he hit a hundred million I. Remember him once told me that he was gonna delete his channel when he hit 100 million. Oh yeah I. Don't see that happening no where's the delete PewDiePie give us all the rest of us a chance how unbelievable million million and what? What can you even say so ridiculous? Well, the guy the guy, certainly earns it Yeah right, the hustle that man he's clearly a good collaborator and manager of people, because he has a team of editors that have worked with him for a long time. He's built a a workflow that that is functional. That allows him to still live his life and making content every day. I mean the guy he's got a guy's got a talent not just as an entertainer, but as a manager as a businessman. It's hard to find that threat about people are so successful. It's always a combination of so many things well, I feel like a lot of times. People don't get credit for like I. Think about, for example, someone like Kim Kardashian mm I, don't really know what she does yeah, but you know that she's gotta be like a shark like yeah. How do you get so big here? Oh you're, you're right. There is so much involved, there's so much more than just like having up that body or that face yeah, because there's a million people that have got the body or the face, yeah I think you're you're. Definitely right, there's always the what you see is just the tip of the iceberg. That's certainly the case with with both Felix as well I'm sure of it. Although I think people give him credit, but I think what you say is definitely fair about people like him, but something I wanted to specifically talk about other than just congratulating him and is that all these articles I see them all over the internet. On my newsfeed on Twitter on my home page everywhere, or all these articles from all these tech companies, congratulating announcing that PewDiePie has hit a hundred million subscribers, yet they cannot help themselves. They all have the same exact paragraph about how what a controversial figure he is. It's like. They can't help themselves. It's like on one hand, they don't know what to do. Should they celebrate him, but they have to also cover their ass, so they don't get any [ __ ], controversial youtuber everybody becomes the words first. So a creator to hate 100 million subscribers Eurogamer. What a month to celebrate and congratulations to PewDiePie. Then here you go. Here's a here. The paragraph petaboys rise to fame hasn't always been without controversy. Disney maker studio dropped him following Nazi, jokes and anti-semitic slurs. It really sounds so much worse when they write it like that. There's like no context if you were just reading that you also lay them at the moment. You know things are kind of like questionable, like it's not clear if it is anti-semitic or not right, that's the controversy each time yeah, but then now when they report it, it's like. Oh yeah, it was anti-semitic for sure. Oh yeah yeah, exactly well, no I mean it just kind of like because they're just they're just trying to get a juicy story here and they're, not gonna, spend the time to explain any nuance. You know what I mean he made Nazi jokes and anti-semitic slurs. It's like okay, he hates Jews. Then another incident, including a racial slur, prompted Firewatch developer to file a DMCA takedown he's worse than a closeted racist he's, a propagator of despicable garbage that does real damage to the culture around this industry. Wow, that's the quote. You found all the sudden they turn into a hip piece. That's what that's my point. It's like they're all celebrating they want those juicy PewDiePie Clips! That's all it is. They want to show up in my home feet and everybody's clicking it. But then, when you get in the article, it's they can't help themselves. It's all like! Yes, thank you for clicking, but now I'm here to remind you about all the terrible things he's done without Eddie nuanced at all, in 2018, Peter buy promised he'd delete his channel if he had 50 million subs any trolled. The internet. Oh, is that is that. Are we charging him with that? No, what is this? What does that have to do with anything? So that's that was a Eurogamer than the verge Peter becomes the first individual YouTube creator to hit 100 million subscribers. That's the literally the same huh, it's the same title and then here's the let's see here, but his fame has been hampered by controversies using racial language and anti-semitic imagery, the subscriber milestone, nearly nine years after the publication of his first video, oh okay. Well, they think they kept it pretty. They didn't quote anybody at least yeah, like the worst possible quote ever and by the way that guy who filed a DMCA on his videos is [ __, ], [, __ ] as a legal girl weirdo. But it's like okay, Thank, You Virg, the gamer PewDiePie's hit 100,000 subscribers we're all doomed. What is that angle? How they mmm, how are we doomed, let's see? Well, he may have lost the mean field battle with Indian music channel t-series. He still remains the first individual youtuber to reach 100 million. Mr. beast helped him despite his success in the platform PewDiePie on YouTube have their own rocky history. Following past controversies, YouTube canceled, beautifly's, YouTube, read, show I removed him from Google preferred advertising after he paid men on Fiverr to hold up an anti-semitic phrase as a joke, well--don't has a little joke: yeah yeah, that's such an important piece, those other ones we're like Oh without context to make it look way. Worse still, YouTube tweeted out a congratulatory message. There you go but I, don't what did you read this? Why we all doomed dan I, don't know why we're doomed because he had under million I like that click, they thought we should do that. We should name it die. Let's name, this clip PewDiePie hits 100 million subscribers and we're all doing business. Insider PewDiePie becomes the first solo youtuber to reach 200 million subscribers. Wow I've read that the title three times already, the phrase subscribed to PewDiePie itself became controversial earlier this year after a man who killed 51 people at two mosques and Chris Church hice, they went there. No one else went there yet said it during a live stream of the shooting, PewDiePie asked fans to stop using the phrase and said he felt absolutely sick and nothing his name used during the attack, for he was also found chalked across a world war ii. Memorial flown on a banner across Manhattan posted The, Wall, Street Journal's website and displayed on more than a hundred thousand printers Turing. Hacking and PewDiePie has also separately been accused of racism in multiple scandals. In past years, in 2017 PewDiePie lost a partnership with Disney I mean it just. It ends up just turning into an article about what about all the [ __ ] up yeah they're like it's like congratulations, PewDiePie and then that's like the first sentence and then the following five paragraphs are about his anti-semitism and controversy. Polygon PewDiePie reaches 100 million subscribers now in YouTube's, good grace, death to a 2015 YouTube dropped him from Google preferred these actions were taken after he held up a sign on Fiverr that read death of all Jews. He asked freelancers the hold up, signed death toll Jews and to surprise the workers did exactly that. The controversy in combination with instance, like when he said the n-word on streams, seem to have push you to to give his biggest personality a cold shoulder there. You have it that one was a little more fair mm-hmm and then, of course, the subscribe to PewDiePie was the mantra of the mass shooter. They say that's a little over the top, a mantra like it's all he says: that's he's like subscribe to. Pewdiepie subscribe, be beautiful, I know it says the subscribe to PD by mantra was hijacked saying it was it wasn't his mantra, it was just was a mantra: okay, come on, don't don't talk, censor when they say was hijacked by mass shooters. Wasn't it just wine? Oh yeah, why are they saying? Plural I mean mass shooters, ma hijacked that mantra I think there maybe was a second. It's really. What I look that up right now. I know right: I, I kind of vaguely remember that, but it could be wrong. Oh maybe it was in the manifesto of one of them. I thought it was just the Christ Church guy I think he's the only one that actually said it mmm I think maybe another guy. That's got to be a little scary for Felix, like alright till ya. Pewdiepie hundred million subscribers and surprising YouTube pays in tribute yada yada yada. He has controversies the Han, weird fiber and Taysom attic Gaga. It's like he will never escape this [ __ ] The Guardian battery beautify passes under million subscribers. It's like this same [, __, ], anti-semitic, jokes, Nazi, imagery, embraced by far-right figures. Now, that's not how that is fault. He was embraced by far-right figures, including the Christ Church shooter. That's not a far-right figure. That's all [ __ ] fart into outer space figure he's so right. He's not right. He's just gone he's in outer space who urged viewers on a live stream of New Zealand mass shootings to subscribe to PewDiePie. They act like that was done in a vacuum. One of his videos, repaired man hired by YouTube, held up signed death to all Jews there. You have it so the media congratulate you, the mainstream media, congratulate you Felix. This is every single article can yeah. As an author, are you able to write like how can you approach this in a way? That's like? Are you all belated to bring these things up when every time we talk about PewDiePie like what do you think I, don't know I feel like at this point just choose: if you want a report about him or not, they want the clicks. That's why they're doing if you're so yeah, exactly like you got a pic? No, but they wanted they want to. You know they want to muddy him up so for them, it's the opportunity to get clicks and muddy him up. Hmm, but you could just say: PewDiePie hit a hundred million subscribers. You know trying to think if you cannot mention it. Despite the rocky year did he face last year, I, don't know rocky out. Everyone knows yeah. Well, congratulations! Nonetheless, yeah I think it was the PewDiePie week. Married hundred million I got control. I was at marriage, photos and videos are like a real. A royal wedding happen. Oh dude. They got married under what could only be described as the most beautiful gazebo I hope that gazebo real yeah look at this gazebo bro. Well, I, don't know if they got married on there, but this picture holy [, __, ], yeah, yeah yeah, that's a nice I gotta ask that it Kazee Bogata photoshopped them out, so we can use it on Twitter yeah on the beach. No less! That's gonna be hard to me like keep it looking nice, it's all moist, yes, cells, it's short, yeah! No, it's a gazebo! You know what I'm saying like its next level: yeah, it's a next level, bow physique I'm, trying to think of a funny name for a but yeah. That's that brick! Oh great! I, just closed my document, everybody's gotta wait for them. Ten minutes now, I, just don't even understand. I was a scoop. I was over here, go ahead and talk you'll think the way anyway, I just wanted to say again. Congratulations to Felix and Moritz yeah, not just Felix I feel like we only talked about him. Congratulations to both of them. That's right, mm, keep going doing great. You guys ever met her yeah. We did yeah boy super nice, so rude, oh yeah! She was nice of course, she's a sweet man super nice when they were here, I think they were actually shooting the YouTube red serious right. I was in it yeah we were in, we were in it, yeah, no canceled, probably for the best it was. It was weird I mean not. It was fun doing it with Felix, but the whole thing was weird because you have a ton of these actors. A'm beats. You remember the premise of the show right. It was like a real-life horror game escape, but they're just actors- and you know nothing happens and you're just running and trying to act like they're real. They want you to act like they're real. Are you supposed to act like you didn't know that they were they're kind of supposed to go along with it? You know, I couldn't do it like I? Couldn't your to Mara, yeah, I, couldn't I, think I ruined that I. Think I was really challenging for them to work with. Who knows? Maybe it was funny I, don't know, I will never know. We shall never know the truth. Yeah it's crazy, but the budget was insane like I mean they probably spent a couple Millian that episode alone and they just buried it right. I mean they just totally give up on that [ __, ], very snowy, I, dia, yeah, I, think yeah, but I was I was talking about PewDiePie last week or when he got married. I was like you know what [ __ ] this guy and now I got a double down on that even more you hit 100 million. He got married and, like the same week, [ __ ] this guy dude he's handsome he's rich he's the most popular youtuber in the world. Everybody loves him except you know, you know the Guardian and Eurogamer, and you know the gamer mm-hmm Business Insider polygon, whatever on YouTube loads, and that's all that matters. That's all that exists so YouTube they tweeted their friends again. Yeah I thought that was really sweet. Everyone's like oh, they act like he doesn't exist thing, but to get a little info, Matt hmm get excited wow. They were together since 10,000 subs, that's crazy Thanks. So she wasn't even like she wasn't. Even like a fan pick up, I mean he only had 10,000 subs at the time, so I gotta catch that again. Okay, you can play now do Twitter is killing me anytime. You pause yeah yeah. If you just bounce out a full screen in back, they don't want you imagine if they just included the bridge video and now he's playing Minecraft again. What happened? What is this world Sark? Oh I know? Is he still making Minecraft videos as far as I've seen on his channel yeah? Let me see I mean: is he still just full minecraft minecraft? No cuz? He was like only Minecraft videos for like a couple months. Let's see yeah dude what the [ __ ], you still just making wait. No sorry, oh yeah! Well, okay, whatever [, __, ], I gotta get out of this mmm. Congratulations well, I have a bigger question: when it can, we ever just talk about PewDiePie without bringing this stuff up, as in like the media like, when do we forgive somebody? When do we collectively move on it's a good question in general, with the council culture right, like people can [ __ ] up and then you can move on. Let me just does he have to kill his cross? Actually, not every [, __ ] has the same weight. You know like how bad is and to be fair. He like compared to things people have done anything. He did wasn't really. It was more like a faux pas. It was like a social goof. Nah II didn't really harmony whatever it's all under the umbrella of entertainment and comedy. Yes, he did actually go and punch someone in the face. He did not know he didn't attack any Jews and he didn't even like masturbate in front of anyone like like flex a little glass look at louis c.k. He jerked off in front of girls. So is he condemned forever yeah points that even louis c.k is not forever I? Don't think it should be forever I wonder how long before it's like OD, oh man, remember that louis c.k got was jerking off in front of all those girls and be like what I didn't know that, like the good old days in Hollywood like Weinstein and Les, Moonves man, you could just be raping girls for like 30 like three decades and everyone's like that's just less. You know these guys. It's crazy, and now you can't even jerk off in front of someone. Yeah times are different. How long ago was the Christchurch shooting is what I wonder who feels like it was like a year ago? I, don't think it was that long ago, I think it was no I, don't think it was March March 15th of this year, so yeah we're talking six months but again I mean no and I'm, not I'm, not putting that on him, but as far as you know, time for the public to move on sure. That's probably not long enough. Yeah I feel that Association, it did feel I mean I'm I'm. You know, I, don't watch PewDiePie's content, all the time or anything, but I have noticed there. There doesn't seem to be any controversy since then I think that was probably a wake-up call for him to be a little bit more careful. The last controversy. Well, it's funny because I feel, like he cleaned up a lot and then the n-word thing happened on the livestream mmm that was before the shooting. Oh, they should well. The shooting was out of his hand, no I, but yeah I see what you're saying all right: the the shooting certainly I affected him I'm sure of it. Yeah I, guess, you're right, cosmically speaking, and not that much time has passed. Since all that's happened. Right, so you know if he, if he continues on this path, that he's on now just putting out minecraft wholesome my content for another year. People probably move on the good thing about for Felix is that he works for himself. Someone like Lucy Kay, like the door was shut, the rug was pulled, the lights were turned off the big. You know, cartoon cane drag them off stage right, but I mean well gong, show I'm, not gonna, say I could say, what's fair or not, but yeah I do think that people should be able to, of course, depending on what they did. But I like our Kelly, should go to prison forever. Well, he was committing crimes, yeah um, but it's actions versus words, yeah yeah I, think it depends on what they've done and I think I. Don't think people need to be cancelled forever. I'm grateful for that uh-huh. The Chappelle had this great line and his new stand-up. He goes. You haven't seen it yet yeah I know he goes uh near Netflix Chapelle. Yes, it was so good. He goes. Uh I didn't know his aria. Yeah he's like with all this canceled culture and all this he's like I, don't think I've done anything wrong, but we'll see we'll see. That's how I feel well, nothing that people don't already know about cuz. He talked about like Kevin, Hart I did see that part yeah, and it's so true, the guy okay, you made. You know bad comments that he regretted you regretted he apologized he moved on and he doesn't say that kind of stuff anymore. So he learned from his mistake and he got better. You know mhm and now we can't forgive him. So how is anyone supposed to like that's his point and she was like he's like I'm gonna: do an oppression, worker I'm, gonna watch everything you do for 20 years and if I'm find anything you've ever done bad in your whole life, I'm gonna, try ruin your life. I'm gonna follow you everywhere, he's like you, guys know who that was and then there's someone in the crowds like Trump he's like it's you it's all of you, the audience, the worst [ __ ] audience ever yeah people love hearing up people to retell other funnier people's joke just going. It's good. I already saw a Vice article about how you can skip this one because it just proves that he's transphobic he doubles down on transphobia and I was like God I mean you watched. It is that that's not fair way to characterize it. I'm assuming not, but wait that is transphobic yeah I mean. Is it based in anything? I haven't seen it yet so I'm just asking he well. He he acknowledges that trans people I don't want to say transfer. He gets a lot of [ __ ] for his trans, jokes and but he doesn't like apologize for it. I mean he makes more trans jokes I, don't I didn't find him transphobic. Nor did I find any of his other jokes transphobic, but I've been accused of being transphobic, because I made a joke about cutting my dick off and renamed and taking on a female name and I got skewered somehow, for that I didn't even know was a bit of a stretch. Thank you. Thank you for that mm-hmm. Well, in short, PewDiePie blessings upon you and all the best James Charles posted nude, now Dan. This is what you wanted to talk about. Hey I can't show any these photos cuz it's way too hot for television, but James Charles. He posted while read it to Dan. Don't show the monitor because I'm about to open this link, okay, okay, good you can show it, it didn't open it. He said: hi I got my account back just in case I've ever hacked again. Here's the only nude I've ever taken can't threaten me with it now get a life, and so it's a picture of him I'm just showing off his ass, which I have to be frank with you guys. It looks like he has a simp Lance, because it is way too intense way too. Voluptuous and he is tiny, like a tiny little twink like skinny little twink and it looks like he's a head ass implants. So but it's fat dude is a badass dude everyone's like whoa, so James Charles was trending. I was like what's going on and then I see this and I was like boy. You know, there's a fat ass and it's got two hundred. It's got a lot of likes, but everyone's kind of just clowning on it cuz everyone's like this is not what I wanted to see right now, but I think everyone kind of sensed that he just really wanted to share this nude of himself because what's-her-name did it well. It started with Bella Thorne Bella, Thorne yeah. It started with her and then we had um Whitney, Cummings, yeah, right right and and in someone's becoming a thing known so I think just both your nodes, yeah I, think he felt left out. So I was watching. This sounds like man, I gotta, [, __, ] post, my own nude [, __ ]. This guy did you show him what these assets really looked like I was in the bathroom. Taking a post, Arby's, diarrhea I think it was on Friday evening. I can't show it I wish I could no I'm. Just it's only on Twitter. You got to have to follow me on Twitter and hbhb productions to see my moods and so I copy pasta de got my count back just in case I ever got hacked again. Here's the only live every day. I mean I'll, get a life and I squeeze my ass cheeks really hard. No bathroom like he went to poop or something yeah and I was taking care of theater, and he sent me on like a text message check out my Twitter as you weren't consulted, no okay, I opened it and I was like wait like it took me. A moment like this is public. Oh he's, just sending it to me and I was like wait. Well, I got it ended up getting a hundred and eighty-seven thousand likes. So my ass is almost as famous as Jim Charles. That's true, but I want to say that I I had to squeeze him together because it wasn't funny otherwise I had to make it interest and like eel Allah. I can do this thing with my ass cheeks, I guess: cuz I'm, sorry that are like thick I mean no. If I squeeze them together, it gets like rock-hard bro, like you can't tell looking at it like. If you touch it effect, would bounce a quarter yeah. If you touch that in the picture, it's like oh well, yeah, so you know always laughs when I do that and I make her touch. My ass and it's like would so I hid it for hit one for the bullet. For the you know the world and I sent out there and everyone appreciated it. So I don't know. What's all the hubbub about 187 187 thousand likes? How do you feel that so many people saw that I think it's hilarious I mean I'm, not showing I'm just showing my ass I ain't. Butt-Naked, though how are you so someone said: okay with wouldn't anything, someone said it looks like two walnuts, kissing, um I, don't know. I, just I just do it for the comedy you know. I was like this is funny, because I was trying to think of a good response to him and I had one like me like shirtless, but I was like come on. This isn't good and I. Also thought like James Charles is showing off his ass implants. I mean it's kind of corny. I got a show. I got to show what a real man looks, so I hit him with the regula and I and I, and you know I thought it was funny right. It was definitely funny I'm, not very funny, and then they put you on ice ice cream cone yeah. Oh, that one was beautiful and the Hank Hill ass, okay, wait. I, didn't see any of those. What really yeah? Oh that was my favorite [ __ ], but then I had people photoshop my ass on James Charles and actually Joey salads delivered the best one unsurprising twist where's the Hank Hill one I didn't see any I mean if you just just Google Hank Hills ass I mean I've, seen Hank Hills ass, no way, I'm thick he's flat. Get the [ __ ] out of here, damn it's not about the thickness. It's about the shape. Yes, the exactly yeah I've said: I have seen its Danka idea, I've seen its assets hilarious. So there you have it guys, never mention anything to me about it. I mean what did you guys think when I first came across that I personally I was thinking about contacting HR, but then I realized. We don't have it. There is no way yeah I'm, HR, [, __, ], Ian and I have a joke that we don't have HR. We have an H K. Were you shocked? Were you guys both discover? No, we didn't discover it together. Over the weekend, right I was with a group of people, though I was looking at my phone and start laughing. We're here and they're like what's up share. I was like Ian how I was seeing my news. I was out at breakfast with my family was like oh there's, my boss, I want to ask, were you? Were you at least partially? Maybe not inspired, but given the confidence to do this by by Bert, because Bert just the other week posted a picture of his [ __ ] nut sack on Twitter, no I didn't think about it's yours like tame and compete yeah. Well, no, no I wasn't I. Just thought. I was like. Do it it's just my ass. You can't see anything else. You can't even see the front of my body. I was, and this smile on my face is genuine. Cuz I was looking in the mirror and I I am so disgusting like I have back folds back rolls. My ass is like a disaster. Were you having to set aside the ego for the comedy? That's the that's the joy for sure, and it's very brave of you to do positive and I know that asked looks like a [ __ ] train wreck bro, but obviously my F doesn't look like that. I swear, I am thicker than a snicker, a shame that people can't touch it because that's the real [ __ ], the real yeah it was fun. I thought it was a great time and then I tweeted, something in support of ela and everyone's like like an hour yeah. We can't just pretend like the James Charles picture, that's unreal. I didn't like his. We are I mean I, didn't it's not that I didn't like it, but it inspired me because his was absolutely humorless. He was just showing off his ass, no I think it's a simple I think it's an implant situation, yeah. What were you saying? You, though, just that it's so unreal, like the shape of his body, yeah I mean I, look I could be wrong and I don't want to take away this guy's hard work if you're doing crunches all day but I mean I, don't think I don't see it. Although the thighs are very thick, maybe oh man, it could be real. I, don't take away the boys hard work, but I, don't think so. I feel like I could see his butthole from his ass cheek we're just crazy because it's like a profile shot. That's all a very exciting, yeah, thrilling stuff. Here, sir, there you have it we're coming to the oh. No weather we got so I want to discuss this meme. That was popular on the subreddit um. This one was making its rounds three thousand likes Ethan. You should have stopped abusing Ian before it's too late. I, don't know what they're talking about I really don't know. Do you feel that we've been abusing you in know before I? Guess they they assume you're gonna, yes, yeah happening to you and it's what you're going to do. Yeah well, I, I, can't I know what they're talking about who's the general like we're. Always we treat in so bad. It's just as much respect as anyone here. Well. I. Think now is a good time, for we actually have a couple new sound bites. So no go ahead. If Dan can bust those out, gotta have to be so bad Oh. Weird I have to pee so bad I'm, squeezing my dick, because that's a piece of it look Ian I got no problem with the pee, so bad, it's I'm, not the one. That's running from by the way jack is the one that started it all. But here today, why are you attacking me for you in I'm, on your side, I told you I always tell Zach eight, you know go light on the ANP soundbites I. Don't remember that you can ride those sound bites. I, don't mind it. I don't have access they don't. Let me well, there's no allowed below your pay grade. People don't think we pay you too I. Think more, because we call you the intern people think that your unpaid shout-out to the fan, who emailed me with the specific episode and time stamps of times Ethan said I got a piece. That's super legit, that's hilarious! It was like an early episode to. He was watching like an early episode, and so when you were talking about how bad you had to pee I think I was drinking or something yeah. It was with posts. So yes, [Music] Ian, you are paid. That is correct, yes, and you have benefits. That is also correct. Okay, by the way I can verify yeah. Thank you and by the way, people there such thing as a paid internship I know it's like a rarity here in America, because people like you to work for free, I, think when you say intern people just assumed he was always paid and he was always treated with the most utmost respect. Ian is a celebrated member of this of this cast this production team and we we cherish him and we hold him in highest regard possible and because he has a small bladder doesn't mean. Does it I, don't understand how that has any effect on anything? What do you I? Just don't know what they're talking about Dan. Can you hit those sound bites real, quick for me. We love you in everybody, loves Ian I mean come on. What does it have to say? I mean Ian. This is your time if you mean I'm, giving you the platform. Now, if you want to hear out anything or talk to me or you have any complaints, I mean certainly I, don't want it to be too late. Quote I've got nothing right now, good, empty bladder, chillin, C bladder fulfilled heart. You feel a chicken you find your way to my chicken I feel really bad right. Yeah. That got me good too, but you're you're feel you feel fulfilled in your work. Yes, yes, mm-hmm I was a suspicious. Yes, yes, those years all right, while classic is back moving right along World of Warcraft World of Warcraft World of Warcraft classic is back, the original is back, and it's so nostalgic and it's so cool people have been begging Blizzard to do this forever. You guys don't know world Warcraft is the biggest MMO ever made me like many other people got totally hooked to it back in the what was it mm early to die? Don't know like new mm yeah Michigan 2004 I mean I. Can I can credit World of Warcraft solely for the responsibility of me, dropping out of college I, used to skip class and play all at the time I flunked out and had to do a fifth-year, but it was so fun. It was so fantastic and for many of us gamers you cannot match the nostalgia and the beauty of that fresh server. It's so exciting, with having everybody in there and you're all starting from the ground, zero you're, starting with zero, and it's like- and it's just it's so the adventure, the spirit of not knowing what's gonna happen, and it's it's just so exciting and it's so fun now Blizzard has been putting this off because they thought it was all waste of time. And oh, would you be interested? Well, let me put it this way. I remember even John, John Sean made a made a video on his channel rant thing about Blizzard because they had a fan-made server that was uh what they call vanilla and and blizzard shut it down for copyright, infringement and they're like okay. If you're gonna shut us down at least make it for us, so we can pay you. We want to pay you and they're like [, __ ], you I'm, Blizzard mm-hmm. We used to be good, but now we're [, __ ] and though now several years later, they're finally doing it well immediately shot up to the top of twitch, with almost 700 thousand viewers, I heard it was up over a million I'm sure did. That was a that was like an hour to into it a chick twitch and it was already way so. Let's say it had over a million followed people following or watching streams for tonight, for example, had 120 now the game will be patched just as it was when the first expansion came out, the game originally released in 2004 there you go when the most popular video games of all times those millions of players. However, many people dislike how the game changed over time, so Blizzard created the classic, so the game still exists, but it changed so now they keep adding more content and it changes the game. Fundamentally, it wasn't just that they added it. They they remove the original world. Now that was like the big reason. It was pointless because they made it so easy to level up, so you can participate in death and game. Even beyond that they one of the expansions, it was like a doomsday thing happens in the world and every and the whole world was changed so like mmm. The game that you played in college literally did not exist anymore. You can play it. You can like visit those old locations, they just wiped it all out, which is why everybody was like just let us play when we used to be able to play so I think it's half that half nacelle part part that part out and then mostly just the I, think the it's just so exciting and fun to start fresh like from zero with everybody. It's just really excite. You look really good in that bucket. So do it if I had more time, I'd I would log on that [, __, ] and I would [ __ ] play forever. You would never see me again, but I know that I just can't do not allowed Dan. Just to give you an example of how many people are playing this dan logged in after work on, was it Friday or was yesterday yesterday, yeah- and here here was the queue to log in now this this happened in the beginning, so everyone's joking about how it's a real launch experience to get into the world. It says the realm is full, your position is, can queue is ten thousand five hundred and eighty four estimated wait? Two hundred and thirty seven minutes do you have to actually leave the game? Open, yeah, wait. Yes, people were saying they would go to sleep, wait! Yes, it's both! The servers are full to capacity. It's just totally. The people want to play this game so bad. That was like the average. A lot of them had it worse than that even yeah. Here's some other ones, I saw some really bad ones. Oh here we go number of players in queue. You can see. Oh yeah, look at that. The last one at the bottom, 24,000 people waiting main 24,000 and and the wait time is a thousand minutes mm-hmm it's like 16 hours or so a thousand minutes and by the way you uh. This is a subscription-based game, so everyone that's signing up, has to sign up for like a 15 per month. Dollar subscription, so Blizzard is raking. It Wow. So even if you have the game installed and you've already bought the game, Vega laughs yeah, another 15. You got to pay a monthly charge like Netflix, but a game, and that's worth it well, because the game is they're constantly adding stuff and it's online I mean there's a lot going on. It requires a lot of I've, never heard of that. Everquest was uh. It's got a bygone era thing, though, because nowadays, everything everything free of boxes and [, __, ] they've, found different ways to make I think I would far prefer to play to pay, because you know you're getting a fair and a complete game. Experience. Yeah free games, free games, sake, games of ruin, gaming I slowed up twitch, it's still by far number one, so see how long how many people watching a 500,000 a lot fortnight has a hundred thousand by comparison. So definitely so well and also they're. Just watching people like grind bores, like there's, nothing actually fun to watch about Warcraft. That's the kicker is it's. It is a 15 year old game and it and it shows yeah, maybe I'll, finally have a computer that can run it now. Oh I forgot to tell you that I just left, I Alta I, actually went and got dinner and came back while I was waiting to log in when I finally got in. It was like okay cool. Let's check this out, I went into the graphics settings and turned everything up to max in it crashed yeah, you can do it. I was after four hours and you had to get back in queue yep. That's it didn't take that long. The second time, though, that's so yeah back in the day I had to like turn down the the distance you could see in the graphics cuz I was playing like on a laptop dude. It was bad and then, when I won, first went to a friend's house that had a decent computer and saw what it's supposed to look like. I was like holy [, __ ]. This game is amazing and you have a good computer. Then I mean you could play over the potato now yeah I'd say anything to play it now. Okay, it's so old, yeah I mean that's the thing and nobody's gone back to actually play this game for what it is. It's a fifteen-year-old game. You know it's pretty dated, but it's solid. It's that yeah! It's fine! It's fine, but it's the nostalgia. You know like I, said we'll see how long it lasts. Yeah I think I think it will happily obviously won't be as popular, but it will it will lie. The fun thing is that it's like a progression server. So when you fully unlock all the content and the original and clear all the bosses and end game bosses, then the net the expansion opens up and it keeps it keeps progressing as people get further into the game. Very cool, clever, clever I, mean okie said they gotta be raking in so much money. It's crazy! Then there was this great thing. It's so crowded on these servers. I've got one more thing. I want to show you guys. If I may look at this, my friends and I had to kill a specific NPC for a quest. There are so many people doing the same quest we had to take terms turns I, never expected to see this level of organization in an MMO, so people were forming a line to get the question mark. Look at this. This is happening all over. Isn't that amazing forming a line in a virtual world? You guys mm-hmm, here's another one same [, __, ], okay, look at this line! Wow! Isn't that awesome? That's this is the magic I remember of EverQuest, of like you're in a real virtual world with real people. Dude, so does this line really um? It's a real line. You're like they're, really waiting for something? Yes, yeah they're. They have a quest to kill a specific mob monster, but there's so many people in the server. That's amazing that they, they all decided to form a line. I mean you could cut to the front and try to get it. I, don't know what yeah that's a way to get blacklisted for life, yeah, really cool, it's pretty fun! It's it's cool I got honestly love to play it with you huh, but I like dude. That would be so fun to make to look I'll be a tank you'll be healer. You want me to play yes we'll play together. You would love it because it's so simple from the beginning, - I can try, and but I did you like I'm not compatible with this stuff yeah. It's just it's very time-consuming super well, but I think we might have a lot of fun. Maybe there is a big element of designing your character and choosing what they look like, which a lot of people there are a lot of reading in the game. No I mean you can basically it's up to you: I, don't reach [ __ ] yeah I, never reach it. [ __, ] stupid these people that read all the books and all about the Laura Mike. Do it it's stupid. We will read a book. I promise, it's way better written. You know these people act like they don't know that books exist. It's way better. I think what could be fun. We can try. What what do you like to play? Well, you might enjoy I think you would like the this. The easy kind of smash mmm, the smashing I like smashing or you could be a row with the backstabbing. Hmm. You could be a hunter with the bow I. Don't like bows, you don't like bows. One of us needs to be healer. I could be like a druid, Oh kind of all-purpose, the roof. Literally I. Don't know the language like. What's a druid you'll get into the world baby, it's like magic. It's like a nature, the priests of nature. You turn into a cat or a bear. I think don't worry about that. It's very with the the warrior and the rogue is very simple. You smash yes stab I like that yeah I thought you would like simplicity, yeah smash, boom, smash and grab baby I have a feeling you'll play for 10 minutes to be like who the [ __ ], who plays this cuz? You have to go, kill a bunch of cats and then you go to a guy yeah cats like bored, [, __, ], [, __ ], and then you go to them busy the liquor yeah. You killed. Ten boys, here's a gauntlet, some gloves and you're like cig there's a lot of boar killing I was either reminded about that when I logged in just like oh wow, this is just a lot of boars mostly what you're doing there's people everywhere and you could say hi to that we can try and wave. You know you could say what a show off your gloves should stream it. That I mean I could be more go, get [, __, ] high good note, I mean nobody should watch someone grinding board. It could be fun, though I like to play a game with you. Okay, I have the mandalorian, but [ __ ] them. We can talk about it later for space crime, [, __, ] them fish food. Let's hold this [ __ ] off to fret, because I'm, dumb god yeah we're uh about an hour. Fifty we should be playing World of Warcraft there you go, wrap it up and go home. I think you should be honest. I think you should be a rogue is fun cuz. He does a lot of damage a lot of damage. A mage is fun to could hear you do magic. But it's simple answer: you don't like magic. You shoot fireballs, it's just cool magic show. You just shoot a cool magic down. It's basically the same as good, but just shooting down the magic but I'm just trying to tell you it's not complicated. It's just you're like a new Nukem is called you just blast them with fire, but there's like different magics and then you're gonna learn all that. But it's slowly it's slowly. You just want to stab [ __ ]. What are their melee classes? There's warrior the Brogue there's paladin [ __ ] that nothing. You know what clients so should be torrent, I think both torrent right, I, don't even know what that is. That's my problem with this game. It's like a big bowl character, sick I, like the torrent area to Thunder, Bluff I, think it was called well. That's it guys. Thank you for watching. We appreciate you being here if you made it through, gonna have to be so bad if you, if you made it through the munching and the crunch, and the Warcraft thing I have to pee so bad, it doesn't even sound like me. They like the thing about what about in hand islands like these sound, it's indistinguishable, yeah like I, don't know why those don't sound like carnac, yeah and sorry be like that's it going to play. The I have to be so bad [Music], barely hear it over the 10 other clips. You got only two. Are we wrapping this up right? Yes, even write it thanks, everybody can see you on Friday. It's been real [Applause].