Welcome h3 army. Today we go to war with facts, knowledge logic. No, we don't know those are. There are allies in war, those are our allies. Yeah. We go to war with everything else. Today's episode is sponsored by hellofresh, kaptara and honey. I am joined by the ever beautiful pregnant luscious eel klein stand up, ela Kleiner's, you don't really I mean metaphorically speaking, you can, but they go. Let's see I mean it is getting so crazy. The the baby bump because ILA's due June 6 and that gives us basically almost a month I mean we're almost a month away. Oh the last month of our previous life. That's right. It's gonna be just different post Theodore work. We did a hospital tour recently and although it was nice because the facility's nice I was happy, it was also terrifying because they're like you, could be spending three days here. Yeah and I was like. Oh, my god, I feel, like sorry, I feel like I'm to be getting on a flight. I got that feeling like yeah I, really enjoyed the part where they said that if I'm gonna take epidural, you they're gonna. Let the husband go for a walk, because some husbands have fainted before just from looking yeah I was really quiet, the whole tour and then when she said that I was verbal. It was like. Oh my gosh, but I was, like you know, I'm gonna, take the walk. Doctor recommends a walk. I, don't need to watch nothing because the epidural is pretty insane. That's the painkiller that they they plug into your spine, yeah waiting, so I do plan to take. If anyone is wondering, let me tell you right now: I am taking it well, they say that will take your pain down from like a nine or ten to a one or two yeah which one or two um I can I think I can handle. You live consular with one or two just by living with me. You know: I mean their normal state of being I. If I was you I would take the epidural yeah plug me into the maker boy and then because you're so dumb, you can't pee. So that's put a catheter yeah but she's like you can't but you're so numb they don't even know. What's going on once you get plugged in, you have to lay on your side and you can't move anymore yeah. You could [ __ ] yourself, even in Delk, just clean it up quietly. That is true. You just show yourself, though it's all service baby. You should [ __ ] yourself, you piss yourself, all good-bye, my dream too bad. We can't bring shredder yeah, but an you imagine shredder in there. Oh my god. No, but it's really nice. It's getting very, very real. The doors kicked right, he's supposed to move like ten times every hour, because you had said he wasn't moving much loud, not every hour, but they say to watch for at least ten movements in one hour and they, but he does more than that. I had a dream. I had a such a vivid, powerful dream that Theodore was born and he had Ella's eyes. He had blue eyes and I said in my dream: I started like crying. It was crazy, so it was a good dream. Yeah. It was a great dream. I was just so happy. He was so beautiful and he had your eyes. So I feel like he will have your eyes. I feel like you will have your eyes. Well, look like you. It's gonna be a little. You I think it'll. Look like me with your eyes, because there's a 50/50 chance that he's brown and blue yeah you can do either your parents have blue eyes mm-hmm. So it's 50/50 his dad is very proud to be a blue eyes, not gonna, be his eyes. They'll, be your eyes. She's, always like high-fiving me cuz we're in the blue eyed class. So he he goes as long as the baby of blue eyes. You sound like you're Aryan bro. What do you end up with freaking, not see you Janet Jew Genesis [Laughter]? Today we were supposed to be joined by M Chamberlin. She is sick and couldn't make it but was best wishes to her and God bless. Yesterday, we've got so much to get to guys. I mean come on you've seen the title. We got prank evasion, we got it, we've got Kanye and Kim we've got DJ. Khaled is back, but before that yesterday, I had a very important meeting. I want to talk to you guys about with two sweet young men, Ross and Jarrett. Now we had joked recently or not recently, but a while ago about who would want to ever make a wish for us. You know, as I met you could see anybody you would you would waste a wish on. My look at my look at my stupid face, but so somehow we had it where they both came in at the same exact time, because we've never done make-a-wish before, but these two guys came in at the same exact time, so we saw them both on the same day, but we were there for like five hours so long there and Ross and Jarrett these kids well Ross. This was Ross, he's freaking, awesome dude. Why did it go? What the hell, how do I scroll to the next picture? I just push to the right button? It shows Jimmy Kimmel. Yes, his mom was showing me that he throws up the babe nation every photo he's just like a hardcore. Ela kleiner showed up his merch. It was just so sweet and humbling that it's sometimes it's easy to forget. Cuz me and he'll just sit in a room like right now. It's just me kneel in a room and you can hear Dan laughing outside of cages and which is nice mm-hmm, but at home we're sitting in a studio. It's just the two of us and you forget that there's actually people watching him that you actually yeah that you actually do affect people's lives and I. Think for it was probably was very important to me. It was very nice to get that a very, very nervous before I was nervous till it feels so important. I was nervous. I was nervous because it's like dude this kid. This is your wish. I mean yeah. Then you don't want to disappoint. They came out with their whole family's on like a week-long trip. The whole purpose of that trip was to meet and spend time with us crazy mm-hmm, but it is so humbling for that to realize, like the gravity of that decision, you know to meet us. So I thought it was a fantastic experience. They're both so awesome too. That's Ross the legend, throwing it up and that's jarett the legend under fupa shot football day, throwing it up all day long, oh ice, and then this is what the make-a-wish have put together. Like an itinerary, we had to take a picture. This looks so official yeah I love that yeah. It was awesome and these guys roll and yeah he just was great. It was a totally great experience, so nice, so nice of them, you know to come out, spend their time and and the make-a-wish Foundation. These people are incredible. It's amazing what the heck, what how is their people, so nice and and generous, and their hearts are so full I mean to fly out a whole family pay for everything, everything they go to Universal to and do like fun stuff here, oh paid for everything, I think we said they even gave them like a thousand dollars right, we're spending bending. So it's super easy for us. We just had to show up. It's unbelievable design was like these people are so kind. There's a whole organization just to make these kids wish come. True I was like what I wouldn't let my cold bitter heart would never follow through on something that beautiful. You know what I mean it's something I would daydream about, but I would never follow through him, like you have like daydreams you're, like man, I wish. Somebody would try to right now, I'll be the hero or I wish. Some would try to rob this cafe right now, I choke him out, save everybody. You every call the guys out. There know what I'm talking about right. Yeah, you fantasize about like someone robbing the restaurant and you being the hero here at the office. Actually I fantasize about it all day, someone breaking in and you being the hero, yeah yeah exactly and poor young yoon-hee would ya. What would he do? Yeah Ian would be helpless and Dan would say. How do you feel about that Ian? Would you be helpless in the event of a hostel entrance yeah die instantly. Yes, you would just drop to the floor pretty much just curl up butyl position and just don't let it happen, but have you fantasized about that in I mean seriously? What would you do? Do you think that you would rise to the occasion or do you think Dan would take care of the trash? I mean it's, so you really have to experience it to see. I, don't know, I don't know. So let me paint a scenario so you're in the kitchen, someone comes in with a gun, he's got a gun pointed at Han, but he doesn't know you're there. Yet so you have the opportunity to walk out a kitchen and flank him from the side, but there's a chance. You might turn to meet you and your. How do you handle that situation? Do you cower in the kitchen or do you attempt to disarm the guard? The gunman I'd attempt to I'd I'd grab the hot coffee, coffee good you've thought about that. Don't actually give him sorry for under us, I mean Union. Was that off the cuff or have you fantasized about that? That was off the cuff. You told me I'm in the kitchen, I adapt I overcome and Zach. Would you rise to the occasion? What do you think you do? I mean you wouldn't know to you get in that situation, but I'd probably go for a knife or something like that. You have a knife on you, no not on me, but what the hell you gonna do like what how you gonna get enough. If you're in the kitchen there's just butter or do we have steak knives I think you may just have you may be limited a butter knife I think we have a bread knife yeah. You know it's got that little serrated, some kind of just like sharp object, I guess yeah, you would be shot dead. You would be shot dead. Everyone be executed three months me one time when I was younger. I had a friend over at my parents house, but we were alone afternoon like after school and it was kind of a windy day and we were just watching TV in the living room and all of a sudden, the front door just like opened like super scary and and it just stayed open, I guess because of the wind. But we were like what the [ __ ]. We thought someone was there and we were just wondering what do you do and I ran and grabbed the the bread knife? That's why never mind like the big bread knife? Oh so, and so the bread knife in Israel is actually scary. No, it's not is a. It has a rounded edge you'd have to like saw him where they have did not yeah. Well, it's a serious one word it's long and rounded at the end, so you there's literally no there's almost no, but the challah bread is pretty tough to get through yeah so, and we have stairs that go like there's like a small stairway that goes down to the front door and a smaller one that goes up to the second level. So I had the knife and I was like okay, you, you go up and watch the door and I go down with the knife. We had this whole like. How are we gonna? Do this tactically ascertaining the city? We were terrified, that's funny, it's like a n and we made it to the door and it was no one. There was the wind Wow when I was a kid I used to I used to stay up horrified. Every night, cuz I was just obsessed over enemy set and he sound I've ever heard, because I was always I. Don't know why I was so obsessed that we were getting broken into I was so afraid that our house was broken into at night when we were all there and I would only get to sleep when, like the Sun started to come up and I was like no one's gonna break in now, hmm so my stuff, but a couple of nights I would hear someone like shuffle like one of my family members shuffling through the night and I didn't know they're out and I was just like. In my mind, I was like this: is it we're all gonna die so terrified yeah, but in my mind, so now we're at home and I'm an adult and anytime I fantasize about this about what I would do I, always I I'm, being realistic. I cannot stop an intruder. That's why I bought a gun, because I cannot stop an intruder. Well, I've got a baseball bat I've got it up fire escape ladder in my mind, I lose every time. So that's why I bought a freakin, shotgun and I've got it ready, because that fantasy, I always win, or at least I, have a 50% chance of winning. You know what I mean: that's why I got to be real dude I'm, not I'm, not the hero that thinks he is. Do you come up with any like catchphrases and you're like fantasy, like go in that event like Arnold, no I'm scared and I'm shooting and I'm praying to die like it get to the chopper. I should think of something they'll get slammed Barry ooh his name's Barry gets slammed Barry yeah I like owning a gun. It makes me feel very safe, but I own, so actually I was very when I was shopping around for a gun for home defense, no other purpose for it. It was recommended to me to get a shotgun which surprised me a lot. I was thinking that you would want to get a handgun or something, but apparently handguns are more dangerous, because it's one singular shot. That's more powerful that can go through walls and potentially hit your neighbors or or other people in other rooms. Where the shotgun is you know it sprays and it's harder to miss and it does not go through walls. So for home defense, the shotgun is definitely mm-hmm. It's definitely superior and I got like a I got a seven shot, semi-automatic baby yeah. So even so so even you know, with my experience with my experience, I have a pretty good chance of taking out even John wicks. If he comes into my house, I have a 25% chance. That's it and I have defensible high ground too. Hmm I made sure we had that when we found a new house so guys I have fantasized about this at great length and I always lose that's the problem. We have a new video on h3 h3 about Kim and Kanye and their new sinks. If you guys haven't watched it, it's up. There, apologies to Ian, um, I, know Ian is a super. Kanye fan, I warned him before Kim. Are you a super Kim fan in or I mean it's mostly Kanye and because he's married to Kim, therefore you're a fan of Kim yeah yeah, exactly I, am are where you petrified Ian I mean be honest. When you saw her new video. Well, you made it out lights. I, always think if you want your kids to old and disgusted or had it wasn't that bad yeah wasn't that bad I was just afraid of what you may, you know say and you're a little unhinged you're a little crazy, so I wasn't sure what effect here's this here's this, the part about their sink, that your kids to know I want my kids to be kind. The water go, the water look at this sink, there's no hole there. Okay! Well! Well! So Kim goes on to explain like it's hard to see that there's a hole here. Apparently this was the hole, but so here I was like well there's no hole here. There is a hole here, but it looked like it was just like part of the water are well, but so so here's Kim this is kind of an update. A follow up to our video explaining how her sinks work, so I thought this was pretty interesting, your okay. So since everyone is a little bit confused about our sinks, I thought I would just show you guys a little tour of our bathroom. That's our patio out there. Our whole ceiling is a light box. Bathtub, it's all of our cake. Our whole ceiling is a light box. The bathtub is card from Jade. Wait, the back. That's the patio yeah, it doesn't turn very spacious for pet. It doesn't look very private for a bathroom. Well, that's just that's a great point and probably there's nobody. It's not a nobody! Yeah, there's nobody! There Jesus! Nobody goes wandering around it. Yeah. What the hell gardener the roof is edges, yeah get a hole. Well, it's nothing! We haven't already seen right in and be honest. You've watched the Kim Kardashian sex tape. Wait what sorry you've watched the Kim Kardashian sex tape right, no I've never was okay in so lame because he's so deep into the Kanye community. That he's afraid to admit to anything there could be, you know, potentially compromising to the community. That's not watching and now aware of his existence, so anytime I asked him a question. He's just take bleeds the fifth and it's so lame. I know you beat off to that sex tape Ian. Why would you and all of them have rightfully I mean it's her claim to fame? Correct me if I'm wrong, I haven't beat off to it. It's not I mean I've. Seen it it's not good. Okay, maybe I haven't beat off all it, but you've watched it as you. Everyone have sinned it in must have sinned it. Eally. Have you seen it I don't know. I may have actually you've seen it was like before I was aware of came in Konya and the whole Ian. Please just admit to me, tell me you: could you don't have to tell me what you think, but at least tell me that you've seen it so I know you're, not full of crap I have seen. Thank you, wow dude, that's super disrespectful account. No Kanye says that he used to beat off to it in that video that boat video he knew. Kim was the one when he saw her in a paparazzi pic wait: Paris, oh yeah, with Paris Hilton, that's okay to Konya doesn't give a single Frick he's such a troll in that video. So at any rate, there's a couple of dudes in that Bush beating off right now, probably oh [Laughter] ceiling is a light box. Bathtub, it's all of our kids. The bathtub is made from the ivory of a thousand elephants and shower so okay. So this thing's con me through this Kanye Axl, vibora and clapping. She says: don't knock Axl before I mean it's not that crazy, like Kanye, drew this Axl of or dreamed it up and no actual vort once time hit his head and trimmed it up. When it was passed out in the hospital trunk that redid this sink and Claudia was the one that should be separated from the wall cause, he wrote it up against the wall, but we thought it would be cooler this way. So so let me get this straight, but you use you, don't actually walk back there, because the waters rising not anymore an axial octavo vault did agree with her. Now what she said it used to be against this the wall and then they moved back, which means they tore it out and read it right and then moved in that could have been better. They got to make the sink like 360, so you can use the water from the other side. It's already gonna, be mm-hmm approachable from that side. Mm-Hmm Ian's comment because he didn't hear you, but it does actually like slightly sloped on that you can kind of see and there's a slit for the water. You can honors high pressures, you want and no backsplash will come up, see: I, don't I don't buy that yeah I'm, fine, totally get back you something else. So, oh yeah I don't bind the whole room. Wait it one time. I think I missed it, but she says there was like eight iterations of it. Hello. Let me go back. Cuz, yeah, sorry, I know Axl before we gotta get a somebody for saying, Axl, ofwar, sorry, I won't pause anymore. Sync and claudia was the one that should be separated from the wall because I used to be against the wall. Big Axl was okay with Nicola this audio Phone 8 version prototypes sync was made eight versions: it's not that serious erecting slits in it. Apparently their house cost. Seventy million now I know why I spent 10 million just trying to Maxwell board and Claudia going back and forth on the slits and the distance from the wall. So you telling me anyone is using this room. Cuz, there's no like toothbrush. There's! No towel! That's a great point! There's no evidence of anyone living there. Ian I, don't know heard their toothbrushes. She's right, she's got a point. There's no evidence of anyone living there. I thought you were a superfan, so Kim and Kanye don't brush their teeth. Man, they don't believe in a toothbrush. There's people that have fluoride conspiracies. Did you know that they think fluoride is a mind, control and there's fluoride in their water yeah, this Floyd in the water? So don't drink, tap water yeah, maybe that's them. Yeah they're light switches are not good by the way yeah. It looks just like unfinished, like cable wires and they go on dim and off and there's no box I'm. Sorry. But this is such a try-hard house and there's no box around it. Okay, I'm all for like cool designed houses, but this is just trihard, absolutely three buttons and also they look like steampunk. They look like old operator buttons from like the nineteen like 50s. It doesn't look nice three little nubs I, don't like the nubs and also. Why are they? You know if you've got the whole white pure thing? What was Dan steel like brass I? Don't think it fits I, don't know what axle will work thinks about it, but I don't think it fits Ian. What do you think about the buttons if they're axial I, like it I, have a feeling that maybe audio anyway I think their house is annoying I? Think if axle, maybe it would be like three rocks yeah. Three second girl would be three stones I'm over it, oh yeah, and then there was a kind of a follow-up Kardashian story that I thought was funny now Ian. You show this to me whose birthday was this from Kourtney Kardashian yesterday and on their napkins. It says: Kim, there are people that are dying now. Is there context to this Ian that I'm unaware of no I, don't I, don't know? What's up with this Tim, there are people that are dying and like printed on the napkin, so I think there were multiple quotes from different family members, but I. Don't that's a weird thing to put on a napkin. I, don't know okay, so they were honoring each other by putting quotes all over the place. I mean I. Think so, because I saw a different napkin. That said, something else: hmm I guess it's funny. They probably took late stupid statements that, from the show they've made yeah. Okay yeah with the napkin yeah I'm, not American, doesn't bother me as much as the father sink and the buttons on the wall should get those buttons to yourself. Kim, I'm, gonna cry Mac. We should call up Axl oveur I, wonder what can we have him? Do I want to have him design like a mega vape. For me, you know what I mean mm-hmm I'll be sick, all right! Well enough! Bs, let's get to the show at hand. Prank invasion has gone worldwide. His incest, prank, was, was was received by everyone now, by the way he he doesn't give me credit, I'm, pretty sure that story broke after we mention it. In our video cuz, we had a tweet exchange, yeah, yeah, I'm, sorry, I, don't happening only after I I think that we can take full credit, as always for his exposure in his success. Hmm so prank invasion came at me recently or over the past week on Twitter talking, mad [, __, ] and I had to dunk on him hard hard and furious and fast. Because you got to keep that stuff, you gotta, you got to control the narrative before it gets out of control because he started challenging me to chess matches. He went also flow on me. It's like come up with your own ideas. Why are you still from Soflo? He challenged me to a chess match for a hundred thousand dollars. I was like that is very so flowing of you. Well anyway, we've got a ton of articles of all these people covering it. We've got these tweets. We've got the beef all laid out like Thanksgiving dinner, for who eats what did you eat beef on Easter dinner, Christmas dinner I played no need to be. We got the ham all spread out, but we got to take a quick commercial break when we come back, there's so much to talk about. Let's get it on baby. Hello, fresh is a meal kit, delivery service that shops plans and deliver step-by-step recipes and pre-measured ingredients, so you can just cook eat and enjoy how the fresh does all the meal planning shopping and prepping. So you can focus on a healthier you and a happier well-fed, beautiful family, fresh pre-measured ingredients and easy-to-follow six step picture dress. The cards are delivered to your door each week and a special insulated box that is beautiful. You get this beautiful box with like an ice pack in it. It is not gonna go bad folks, that's my guarantee to you three plans to choose from classic veggie and family with the option to switch between them. When your tastes change, you know what I love about it too. Is it gets you out of that rut, because sometimes you get stuck eating the same thing over and over and over, and you don't know what to cook they're gonna spice it up. They're gonna. Send you all kinds of different things to get you out of your comfort zone, discovering new, delicious recipes, I love, this hello, fresh and I'll. Tell you it's so fun? Yes, I! Sometimes I want to cook, but I want to go to the grocery store. I, don't want to look up a recipe and I, don't know what to make so they take all the tedious crap out of it and what you're left is just the fun part. They send you all the ingredients, all packaged up, beautiful meat, beautiful recipe, you cook it up by the bing bada boom. You've got a delicious meal with all the hassle forget about it. Huh my favorite dish was the sesame beef, tacos, Oh, mmm, so good, so bomb. Ah and we've got a special offer for you, $80 off your first month of hellofresh. If you go to hellofresh, calm, slash, pastry, podcast 80 and enter the code h3 podcast 80. That's go to hello, fresh comm, slash issue, podcast 80 and enter the code h3 podcast 80, you that's like receiving eight meals for free. That's ample opportunity to give it a shot. You're gonna fall in love with it. I guarantee it. It's fresh, beautiful, healthy, come on forget about it. Huh we've all read some surprising online reviews right whether you're trying to get a sweet deal on something you've been saving for. Are you trying to find the best happy hour in town? It's generally a good idea to read the reviews first. So why should finding the right software for your business be any different, read thousands of real software reviews and find the right software for your business at kaptara, comm, /, h3 kaptara is the leading free online sword resource to help you find the best software solution for your business, with over 750 thousand reviews of products from real software users discover everything you need to make an informed decision, search from more than 700 specific categories of software, everything from project management to email, marketing to yoga studio management software that is niche as it gets no matter what kind of software your business needs. Kaptara makes it easy to discover the right solution. A fast joy, the millions of people use kaptara each month to find the right tools for their business. Now, we've you've kaptara recently we're looking for accounting software just something to help on a personal level to help you know, keep track of our itemized deductions, because it's such a pain in the ass like putting it in Excel. But that's the beautiful thing. Whatever you need. They've got the best software they've got the reviews. You're gonna be shocked by how helpful this website is so visit. Kaptara COMSOL sh3 for free to date to find the tools to make an informed software decision for your business, kappa terre des hommes, / h3, that's kaptara, capt e, RR a.com, slash h3, kaptara software selections, simplified. You know what rhymes with honey, ela free money. That's right! You ever buy something online only find out later you missed a discount. Yes, it has happened to me and I have not let the anger go from it. That is the worst feeling in the world, but you don't have to experience that anymore, because I don't overspend anymore thanks to honey. Honey is a free browser add-on that finds me. The best deals online that magically Auto applies. The best deal to my cart at checkout, honey finds discounts and coupons across 37,000 websites, Amazon Sephora, Best, Buy, Nordstrom's and more they've got all of them with honey. I, don't even worry about missing a deal. I just shop like normal and hoodie handles the rest. Look over here on this coupon. We at recently bought some outdoor furniture all of a sudden Bob's your uncle shopping, like normal at the checkout boo, twenty bucks, saving that I wouldn't have saved otherwise, because I don't spend 30 minutes scouring the internet for coupons like a lunatic honey. Saves you the time and effort. You don't have to be that neurotic anymore honey has saved it's 10 million members, an average of twenty eight dollars. Honey members have already saved more than eight hundred million dollars, not bad for something. That's completely free and takes just two clicks to install honey is over a hundred thousand five star reviews on Google, Chrome store and Time magazine calls honey, basically free money. Look there's really no reason not to try honey, it's free to use it's easy to install it. Just takes two clicks people: let's shop with confidence, let's get honey for Christ's sake. Honey is free, go to join honeycomb, slash a tree. That's join honey, calm, /h Street, it's gonna change the game up for you save that money save that time eat that honey. Let's go boy brotherly love, youtuber reveals it was. It really was his sister. He snogged and prank, video and fans are horrified now by the way, every time that one of these articles tries to be like prank invasion confirms it was his sister, it's just them going. So was it your sister and he's like yeah? That's it doesn't prove anything. You know why, because in their minds since they're not familiar with him, they go. Why would anyone lie making out with their own sister? But what we know about Chris is that that exactly he would lie about. You know, there's 0% chance, that's his sister like if you go back in time and all their social medias, there's no mention even of any of them before and all of a sudden. It's like hey it's my sister and from out of town that really and apparently she's got pictures of him in her room. Come on sorry who has that's so creepy? Why would anyone have a picture of like their brother and and when they live at the same house at this age? -? It's not like Oh, a picture of us, his kids yeah. This was posted the day before by the way the prank. So nice investigating the son, that's a tablet right yeah, so, but they did a hole right up. Man and I loved I love, this picture of Chris he's so bronzed. Really thank you in the 90s I think is missing. His frosted tips and I would definitely I would definitely go elbow deep in his ass. If you have frosted tips so there you have it there's so many articles like this, the son there's some really funny ones the Univision, which is American spanish-language. This is a big. This is a big show right. Univision, look at this I. Don't know why they got it. Looking like Chris is popping a pimple on the floor. Bessel's. Ah su hermana and boco como blow ma para, so Brenda a sous, say Gwen Doris, native-speaker man, sure yeah. Could you tell sin royal uh there you have it prank evasion around the world. This one is great. You read it so bad I figure I could wear that. You want to give it a shot. Go ahead. What the hell do I know just phonetically go ahead, go ahead, but vessel is su hermana and boca como broma I. Don't think it's better, maybe it says bad well. I! Don't think that your net use, you didn't like come out with this beautiful Spanish, no I'm not gonna, try to well. You have to read it like a football announcer Bessel's. Ah su hermana and Boca whoa no got roll the arse a little more mana for my 9 la boca yeah there you go that sounds racist, calm down exactly that's a mana, this one's great, the Daily, Mail snapchat story. This is a fantastic headline. You guys will love this incest alert sound. The bell, I love that there's an alert for it and says alert: YouTube prankster, horrifies fans by passionately kissing his sister for video. Yes, sir incest alert I love that rat sound. The alarms. What's not excited, there's been these DMS floating around I'm, not gonna, show it because who knows, but apparently he's been approaching people to shoot pornography. There's these DMS going around it. He offered some girl five thousand dollars to shoot a porn which is not that I mean he basically does already shoot porn. So it doesn't shock me hmm, but where's he going where's. He posting his porn to cuz. That's the question right cuz. As far as I'm aware, I haven't seen any pornography. Maybe, but maybe it's the hot new thing. Maybe it's just some bro pranking me just started pornhub channel that be sick, that's probably common! Why? Why is it not coming literally you God uh. Can you imagine [Music] [Laughter] Holly. There was another prankster that did end up going. The porn route. Well, Vitaly was in a horn before his prank days and he couldn't get it famously. He could not get it a ride. Yeah it was great. He was, did a bang bang bus with his one of his buddies and his buddies, who got hard and was able to perform and Vitaly was just there stuck jerking off his limp [ __ ] in the corner of the bus yeah, it's pretty good, pretty great. It's pretty wild I mean if you're gonna bro. If you're gonna go on a bang bus, you better be able to get it up, but I, just love that he went on to you, know prank fame and now there's a picture of him jerking off his limp. Dick yeah, it's a good watch, so this one gets good. He tweeted at me unprovoked um. Last week. Let me go back here. First, he says: hey h3h3 productions. You declined a boxing match with me, fair enough, you're, not stupid how about a chess match for $100,000 you're much smarter. So it should be easy money right, where'd you go to college again, [ __, ] idiot! So first of all he's I, guess: I, don't know before I break this down. I, don't know how serious he is our how much she's trolling it's hard to tell. But like we had spoken with him previously, we had tried to get him on the show and he was very strange and very not self-aware and not. He was very unsound. Let's put it that way, and so I part of me thinks that he is for real yeah I. Think, even even if he's like trying to be funny or whatever I think the essence is still him being real. Yeah I think he thinks that him being good at chess is evidence so we're like. Where did you go to college again, like he's actually trying to make fun of where you want to call it? Yeah? Yes, yes, yes, yes! Yes! Definitely! So there's a couple assertions here, one being that if you're smart, you're, inherently good at chess, like you don't need to practice, you don't need to know anything about it. You're, just inherently good and then too I guess College makes going to a good college means you're, smart. So somebody said you need to go to college to be smart and he said this is the best. In my opinion, he goes reread my statement. Your reply is a logical fail. I would know, because I scored a 174 on the L ast L ast, which got me into northwestern law after graduating, with top honors from UC Berkeley. By the way, the L SAT is an exam and logic. That's like straight out of time, fourteen this deep. So again when I read that I was like man is this guy for real? You know. Yes, thank you. A year of Maya is a logical, fail. It's hard to use the word logical, not sound, like a like. In the context, so anyway, he said so to his initial offer. A challenge. I said this I challenge you to an SD STD test that went over great on Twitter. Actually, as alright believable I, like cried, like I, was getting like text and DM from people being like man. That was a great tweet yeah. Thank you, Gould, almost 140,000 likes on that saw was I was feeling very, very precious on that day. I remember when you first told to me before you tweeted it she laughed out loud. It was a real life which is rare. I was like oh [, __ ] I was like ela I'm thinking about writing, I detest and she laughed out loud. I was like oh good. First about a lot of tweets and the tough cookies, sometimes I'll, just stare at him he's no smiley. This is how I know it's bad I give I pitched something and she goes tough crowd. She's, a tough crowd, so got lots of kudos there and then it Chris kind of devolved into the madness. As usual and I quote tweeted his response about logical, fail. I said, since you were studying to be a lawyer, maybe you can tell me the laws regarding boning, your sister. It is illegal by the way you know what I learned kind of interesting it's illegal to have sex with your sister, but it's not illegal to have sex with your brother if you're a guy so because I guess when they wrote this law in like 1800, whoever they didn't. Even it was too monstrous to imagine a brother sleeping with her brother mm-hmm that blessed that's blossom. That's like nuclear blasphemy, so so, technically speaking, it is legal. If you are brothers to have sex or sisters, you just can't cross, you can't breed I! Guess that's the good part! You don't want that baby in the world. You don't want in suspect, shout out to my brother Shawn. No, but Chris Chris was melting down on Twitter. He had a lot of he started going here. I'll show you the rest of his tweets. He started going on and on about like thanks for the exposure. I had a brand deal, but they said my Twitter engagement was too low and now I got the brand I'm like shut up. That's how Brad deals work like oh, come on. It's not letting me look at his tweets because it's not here. It is thanks invaders. My brand deal confirmed a nice bonus due to these awesome Twitter stats. By the way it has 38 likes, awesome engagement, bro, nice bonus. Do these awesome, Twitter stats and I've never even promoted my Twitter from YouTube once damn he got you. He got you so good. He goes he's not owned. He goes. You see that magic. The brand dia wanted to pay me 25,000, but they said my Twitter impressions were low compared to my YouTube Instagram boom I engineered this and played you fools daddy got his check now. 80 likes engineered us bro. That is not how brand deals work and then his latest tweet 21 likes. So that's he's kind of he's. His normal engagement was like six likes before all this happened, so I'm sure that his brand deal who's gonna pay him. Twenty five thousand is like all right, dude. You! Finally, got enough Twitter impressions: this is a go. We're green lighting, this yeah. This got really go to law, school, you're, [, __, ], kidding me I, don't think so he said. Thank you. That's you said he got into law school, but he preferred alternative career path. Engineered life. Yeah he's great. He scares me a little bit. I made it you mad. No man, I love it. He keeps saying [ __ ] to me like beat me in a box mess or chess mess. I'll give you a hundred thousand dollars and delete my channel. It's like bro. How many times you ever say I do not want you to delete your channel. That's the last thing. I want you to do. I! Want you to keep doing your thing as usual and keep getting that beautiful tan. That's nearly black place to be honest, yeah love them! Congratulations, Chris and all your exposure and on the brand deal I'm happy. We could help you out, how's your chess game. Anything bad I, don't know how to play chess. You're, smart right, you're, smart right, so you could beat me at chess. No, do you know, watch Rico, Morty, mm-hmm I, do what that's a fair point. I have watched every episode of Rick amore. That is all the training I need. What's something I could be Chris a beak prank evasion in views, popularity, Zaku dignity, dignity, yeah, probably well, yeah, probably dignity and, and and and I, don't I'm, not saying I have much of it, but I. Think even Bill Cosby at this point has more dignity than men, prank invasion. I think prank evasion went 4-0 dignity when he did mommy make out. They I wonder if all these new stories that were like he, he he verified it's his sister I've seen mommy make out there. You know I bet that they did not yeah, there's also pregnant. They know what was it. Oh yeah pregnancy days are absolute lie. I mean come on mmm, kissing, pranks, gay addition, gay this fantastic [Music], so they're there, the beef is fresh, its new Chris, I love. You I, welcome you back to the fray, keep making them keep pushing it. He always finds new territory which I'm excited about incest. What's next, just straight a pedo addition that would be that would be the next level we're making out with my 12 year old cousin. You know he did high school addition. He did one of my favorite videos of yours ever on that's right, yeah, yeah, closer, look, I think he needs to lower the age. He needs to go middle school edition. Yeah gotta push the boundaries, I mean. What else could he do at this point? The top incest edition, mom edition Zach, says newborn edition. Elderly elderly would be good and not legal or not illegal elderly would be dope, but I don't want to cuz he's done. Milfs I, don't want seem else. I want you like now like 70. What's the problem with that? Is that I? Don't think anyone wants to watch that, like all these little kids be there me, don't do not want to watch that, maybe small, very small I'm sure we already hired a cougar champ. There is a demo for it. Yeah I want to see a kid edition. Convalescent home edition, like in a in a hospice, would be next level funeral edition in front of a final case edition last kiss Edition god. How do you top it corpse Edition corpse, Edition I want it probably has a list like that yeah we're doing now spits all day doing his life like. What do you call this place where they keep corpses more more MORE Morgenstern mortuary edition now, where they keep them in the freezer? All right, yeah, work, yeah, morgue edition I want him to share that dock with us mmm. How much would you pay for that hundred thousand I'm hurtin to delete his channel and I'll become the new prank invasion that documents blank by the way? I, don't think, there's much going on in that document, so something interesting happened. Ela said she saw a picture of Ben Affleck's back tattoo. You showed me, I showed it to her, because I was like what I was like man. You guys see this Ben Affleck. Has this huge crazy back tattoo of I? Guess it's like a phoenix I, don't really know, but it's huge it curves its whole freakin back super colorful! It's it's well done for what it is, but it's like you just! You would never expect it so and ela told me I'm, shocked. I can't believe this is real. It's real baby I think this is the worst tattoo I have ever seen and I'm in it. She said really a minute. Well, she said Ethan I think this may be the worst tattoo I've ever seen now. I feel like that, can't be true. Can it? Why do you hate it so much? It's just awful I like where do I begin. I, don't know the character like ways that the call these Phoenix the fact, but it's all over his back right. It's the size that bothers you, it's the color! It's the it's just way too much. It's like if I had to put a visual next to the word awful mm-hmm, Wow. Well, I trust ela. She knows what she's talking about, but what the thought I had was like well hold on. I bet you I can find worse tattoos. So we put together segments here of bad tattoos. We have celebrities and general bad ones alike, and ela is gonna. Ask us here and tell us: is it worse than Ben Affleck's back tattoo, so I'm gonna put this one right here and I'm gonna open up the new ones and we'll look at him side by side. I wonder what age did he get? It I think it was a midlife crisis thing like something you would get at 18 and then no he got quit it. No, he got it when he was already like mature I. Think he maybe you can look that up you guys, I. That is a good question, but I pretty sure was a midlife crisis move. So here we go Ed Sheeran's chest tattoo. Now, when I saw this eel I think you might have a run for your money here. I think this one's worse, I actually do, and you tell me what you think- oh my god, so so ed sherene has a huge alliance while I agreed this is so bad. I still think Ben Affleck is worth really I. Feel like the art on this. One is worse, like it kind of it's like a down downy lion. Also, what's with the purple, I always feel like. This is ironic, though it's you do Brody you don't do you really. You put a huge lion on your chest. Ironically, it's like where you have your head chest hair. It's always funny. Oh I, didn't thought about that. Why is all this chest? Hair, purple and yeah, it's probably from the process of making he probably had to bail cuz doing the chest area is really painful to get tattooed. Oh look he's got a teddy bear on his own I, see that that's cool, so hilo likes this one better and I still don't like it, but it's not as yeah. Okay, hey I have a pretty funny update on this and a half like that dude. So, okay, apparently it was seen publicly for the first time in 2015 and he was asked about an interview and he said it was fake for a movie. He denied that it was real and then that picture is from late last year. It's real that it's real, so I think he's aware that it's bad lately. He was denying that it was tattoo yeah yeah and more recently he lied about it. I love that. How does that make it worse, break it down, shame about it publicly. He lied Wow, but it's a real. What? What year did you say? Well, it was first seen in 2015 according to this article 2015 in so what age was he then in 2015 uh, let's see that's what four years ago, yep he's currently 46, so 42 yeah I mean that's been life crisis he's got ten years on me. Can you imagine me showing up one day with that? No well that's what he did. Okay, so I present to you now, II, look for your consideration, Chris Brown's tattoo of Rihanna on his neck! Now, one thing I mean I can already tell you're, not as mad okay. Well, why does she it's weird cuz? It looks like she has a black eye hi. Where is it? Yes? No, it's literally the shot from when he beat her up. He got a tattooed on his neck, no yeah! No! You say no cause it's just so insane. Yes, that is the case. Are you serious? No I. Don't believe that? That's not true! Oh my god. You I, don't believe that you have to prove that what that's humbly, no there's that's not possible. Then you're saying he got the mug shot of Rihanna all beat up that he did to her tattoo on his neck. Are you [, __ ] with me I mean that's my understanding of the situation. That's not true! That can't be true. Well, I mean no one. Let's go I'm, looking it up right now to confirm, but that that is the impression that I got dude. There's no there's absolutely no way. That's true! I will I will die if that's true right now on the spot. Well, buildings about to collapse. So it looks like he's denied it, but I mean we probably don't want to show the picture of her on the podcast. But you do a comparison back. Yeah yeah I mean pretty similar. What um? How can that be true? I guess they are I. Think he's representative said that it's a tattoo of a sugar call something completely unlike a Mexican, a Mexican celebration of the Day of the Dead. Really you look at a comparison of the it's hard to tell it's, not a very photorealistic tattoo, but the resemblance is certainly there I mean a the Mexican elements, don't like on them. Those things the stitches yeah, but it looks like a girl with a black eye. Was there was her mouth busted up, Dan uh, yeah yeah her lips are cracked I'm. Looking at the photo right now, it's [ __ ] up yeah. It is it's rough to look at that yeah um, that if that I mean that's, I mean that's like it's like. Oh it's I, don't know, I mean I, even know what to say about that. Like people are still I'm flabbergasted, I'm speechless that I refute I can't but again he's putting I mean this woman has a cracked lip in a black eye so, and he did that famously to another woman yeah, though I mean I I do recognize the resemblance to the Day of the Dead yeah, it's as if it were like a two-faced kind of thing, like one half is that and one half is not, but at the same time you got to be a little sensitive yeah when you're, when you're, almost most famous for being [ __ ] out of this woman, maybe not get a woman with the black guy in the neck. I think it's not her. If you ask me, it's veteran I feel, like that's I mean I mean dude. If he goes out there and tattoos Rihanna beat up on his neck. Who I? Would you see? That's like how does he go on with his life like I know, yeah, there's no way right, no, okay, so you're rating on this one, not as bad yeah. No, that's bad I'm with you. It was interesting, though, none though so this one uh, this one's, pretty bad, lena Dunham's, weird-ass, cheeto, Odeon tattoo, now Dan. What is the background this, because I didn't even understand what I was looking at as I pulled out? The background is that it's a restaurant in New York that she's a big fan of, and they have like kind of a orange neon sign. Why does it look like it's raised not as been already time. It looks like puffy Cheetos. Why is it look raised? What it's not right, and it's probably just because right afterwards, I think it's fresh yeah hell and that Mercer must be bomb. We gotta go to the Odeon to go to the Odeon okay, yeah I I was pretty surprised. I was like well, okay, awful Mark Wahlberg's shoulder tattoo. He recently got one of them professionally removed, yeah Walbert Oh. What am I even looking at here? Nobody was film Wahlberg, oh wow, mark wall. Guys initials! Is that his birthday or is that yeah I think so what a dumbass he got his birthday and his initials and his name wait are, we sure, maybe like is I someone with died in his family? Well that so Dan? Don't they get the right, because I'm gonna look like an [ __ ], if that's true yeah, what's his birthday, 1971 June, that's his birthday! Thank God yeah! That's [! __ ]! Why don't you just at that point tattoo, your ID, your driver's license, so not as mad I was bad thoughts. Chris is I. Tell us funny: okay, I, don't know you too much I, don't know it's like. The idea was to be ironic with this well he's having them professionally removed, but I'm, giving people the benefit of the doubt except Ben cuz. That one cannot be ironic. Even he said that right right, right, there's no room for doubt. Okay, so Ben still is the the winner here, not it we're moving. All of you, I meant it when I saw it I believe you so we're moving on from the celebs now going to general bad. So we've entered the general population because you said worst of all time and I'm holding you to that. Okay. So, let's move on to this ocarina of time, tattoo, okay, here it's a Nintendo 64 controller with the nipple as the d-pad go, the analog. The other analog stick thoughts feel: oh nice man really I like how the cable is going into his skin, like it's plugged directly into his heart, just play with his nipples. What he's saying I think is the message he loves nipple play not as bad it's it's again. It's ironic! It is come on. Okay, alright, I hear you and it's not like I. Also just think this one is so ugly, like I'm I, hear you that previous one, you just showed not as a great me at least I'm right there with you I'm only here to prod your brain and get your thoughts. Next, we have a rip MJ tattoo. So here we go rest in peace to Michael Jackson 1958 to 2008 he was stopping. The show to take a picture of show horse rider is sleeping, so this one is up there. So what we have is a portrait of a woman that, like a bra I, think it's a Brian. What we've got here is a rest rest in peace with a portrait of Michael Jackson that it looks like it was drip, Retton, humming, drum Drent, drawn by a 5th grader yeah, we're truly awful, truly truly awful. They hear that being said. I can still tell it's Michael Jackson, that's true! So that's a tough one I would still I put the second. The thing is because come on, because Ben is Ben, it makes his much their whole package yeah. You have to take a whole package, yeah yeah, okay, this is number two well we got close, and this is just the first of the plebs so or the second. Now this one Neela you're gonna be I, feel like you're gonna, be challenged here. Alright, this one's called the cow hole and I think it's a cow and a huge hole on his on his belly button that looks like a giant: gaping cow, [, __, ] I have no idea why anyone would think not to this on themselves. I mean I, guess they think it's funny and there's flies going around it. Yeah yeah awful yeah, it's ironic. Already, though it is, but here the problem is that it's so not funny that and he thought it was funny yeah. He thinks I have a problem there. The tattoo itself is good great. No, the lights are good. No, no huh I, don't know no. You got to place it here. Let me hit you with the tension music. Is it 1, 2 or 3, the cow hole, Ben, Affleck, cow hole or rest in peace, Michael, Jackson I think this one goes number two now. Okay, so Benz I thought about it. A lot. It's a tough one, yeah I, don't know I mean. If you saw someone shirtless with this verse, what Ben has well again, it's Ben. You have to consider that it is Ben Affleck yeah, not just some random bro. This is Batman we're talking about. Who is this he's a fart? The guy, probably you know, has a farm literally right, so I get I, see what you're saying and she's. You are putting a lot of thought to this. So people at home, who are who are in disbelief ela, is thinking very strongly about this. And finally, our final entry is Marilyn Monroe portrait. So here we go Aaron Monroe adorned by roses and smile after she was beat up by Chris Brown. It looks like she had a face transplant- oh my god. Alright with that tension, music, it's not up there. The toughest one was become. Definitely the calm and really really hates that tattoo. Well guys, if you have any other tattoos to stream a you're like Ben Affleck is like you know, probably so many girls look up to him. These two two alone make him undatable I. Think most girls would think it's cool, no I, don't think so. I have to think that the answer is no I. Think most girls would look past that I'm saying you're, not most girls, I'm, not saying I disagree because you are different than most girls. You look but I think many girls would still squirt all over him at the first chance they got, including myself. I was back if you saw Scarlett Johansson and she had this tattoo on her back. I heard guys are not the same guys we'll look through everything. No but I I'm Kate, yeah, I'm, capable of seeing where you're coming from I mean it means a lot like about his personality too. He is pretty crazy I. Could this makes me think that is nuts he is nuts unstable he is, he is I mean he. Yes, he is that's what I think too. You know they say you, women, who are crazy, have the best sex I, don't know that that translates to men. You know what I mean I say: women are crazy, [, __, ], the best I, don't think. That's true, like Ben Affleck, like with this tattoo, like what kind of kinky [ __ ]. Does he do when when someone like this, you end up like our Kelly yeah, that's what I think that's what happened because I know he's a drinker and so I think you get a black robe yeah, a sex cult and they gotta call you daddy, yeah crazy, doesn't work the same way with men. It's just scary, yeah, alright! Well there you have it. Congratulations, you love and we'll give it to that cow, so -, I'm, still I'm gonna lose sleep tonight on if I made the right call to show and do some thinking. Meanwhile, everybody, if you have some great tattoos, you want to submit to us podcast a h3 reproductions, calm, I, love to see your entries I want this to be ongoing, because Allah she's got her work cut out for her here and I. Think that there's a lot of there's a lot of thoughts and a lot of possibilities out there. We have a picture of shredder that you want. It was desperate just for to share open original here. It is alright, congratulations EULA! It was fantastic. Thank you. We got to get more segments, I, wonder if people agree with me, I, don't think so. I think many people are gonna. Think that cow tattoo is the worst well. What are they saying in the comments? Why don't we should Jack's pretty uh? That's pretty sympathetic to you, those point of view. That's the line on the they're, just not to backup he'll I feel like well. I mean that you can disagree with me: let's throw the straw poll, Dan I want to see Ben, Affleck cow hole and then Michael, Jackson yeah, and there was a fourth degree. Well, those were the worst three. So let's throw those up and let's get a straw poll going down on Twitter, no one and the Tropicana website, mm-hmm Marilyn Monroe is the other one yeah, but I think the met the Michael Jackson was even worse than that. But I feel like that, one that the two already's [ __ ] them up like the merge, Jackson one know them: Marilyn Monroe the person yeah the Michael one looks like they did it themselves. Almost you know it's on their back, but I feel like they did it themselves. Yeah, we gotta get Ella doing more segments. I feel like this is fantastic. We've all been begging for ela Cline movie reviews cuz, she hates every movie. We got to do one for like end game coming up, that'll be fantastic, but you guys got to think. Like I said about the whole package. The tattoo guy is like some some guy in in nowhere. He looks kind of old, which kind of makes it problem at the cow hole, yeah the cook, the cow to to cow hole, our pulls up in the chat, so you gotta really consider like who is the person who made this ax to what point in their life where they at I put a lot of thought into it? So there's a lot of criteria that there's the pole in the discord. If you want throw it up on screen, votes are votes are flowing in I'm, voting for cow home voting for cow whole personal cow whole is taking an early leader, capture yeah. Well, actually, Ben Affleck is in third, you know, I was thinking of the rip. Mj I was definitely thinking the rip MJ. One I think those two are worse actually agree. You guys also need to think think is so rich you could get. The beste to I was a good tattoo. It's I thought I'd, like the quality, was good. The taste was bad wrong, am I wrong. Okay, I mean what now do I know, but now whole definitely can't beat that eel I mean come on, I mean, but you have some backers, it's not any of eighteen percent, but I. Don't think of anything I like that, there's a lot for it rip MJ, because I was considering that one myself yeah. There is something to be said about the fact that he denied it like that somehow does make it kind of funnier. That is a special for a movie yeah, which movie was that for Ben Affleck, then Penn Affleck, myopic, alright, congratulations, everybody cow hole, okay and Ben, Affleck and third, but ela you've got a strong opinions about what you think I, don't what everyone else thinks doesn't matter guys dj khaled is back and he's looking better than ever. The kick is back. That was fun, wasn't it. That was a good time. I want to put you to the test, more focus, Ethan. One thing you focus on that: there's: a new road, we're walking down I, think I have ADHD ADHD ADHD, keep saying, because I really have a hard time focusing like when I'm working at the deuteron I'm I cannot focus they would it could edit like three videos in the time? Yet it's one and yeah he's still doing it fast, but every minute it will always haven't be looking at some subreddit and then going down some I forget what I'm doing topic that it doesn't even know. Why he's looking I'll go so deep and and I'll forget what I'm, what I'm doing I'll forget where I am and like ten that's like oh yeah, I was looking for some sound bite. Yeah, look for a sound bite like for the video and then I'll go so down far a rabbit hole. I'll forget what why I'm not editing but I've tried like adderall my dad takes adderall cuz. Apparently he decided he has ADHD when he was 65. I was like dude come on you just like taking adderall, but whatever that's my for you, but I've tried taking adderall in it and it really doesn't help I just feel a crackdown. Maybe I took too much because that's what you're supposed to take when you have ADHD? Okay, that's the intended. Yes yeah! It's supposed to make you focus. Yeah I, just felt cracked out, dude I. Think I must have taken too much, but people who have ADHD take that every day and I can't imagine like so. For me it was very intense drug thoughts. I. It's funny. I tried it and did the opposite to me, but I think it's because I don't need it opposite. Hell like I, couldn't focus. Oh, you were scatterbrained yeah, yeah I! Think that's what they say. If you don't need it, it doesn't help and if you do it does yeah yeah. My dad needs ADHD to watch Game of Thrones I need to adderall to watch Game of Thrones. He goes I got dad. Why you taking? Why are you taking a header all he goes. It helps me focus I'm like dude. You sit in front of TV all day. What do you need? Help focusing on you'll? Do [ __, ], you're retired? Have you tried operating that remote yeah? It can be stressful, I. Have it's a you need focus figure that out? Okay, where were we dj? Khaled is back. The King has returned. He is looking glorious foolish as ever heavy lies, the crown he posted this video of he says this is my biggest album I'm going all-out fan, love everything top secret father of Assad May 17, so here I guess they're. There shooting some kind of music video in front of a huge green screen. You could see that athleticism and the it's all crying laughing emojis. Isn't that in the comments yeah, you can see that lettuce is I'm here, feast, your eyes he's got a crown and a sword he's fighting a huge ogreish dude, and you can see how realistic this gets [Music]. He doesn't even get anywhere near him with the sword. The director went a little overkill, but we'll get it he thinks he killed it. The director was like a little overkill, however you're. What dome? Oh okay, but listen everybody here. Let me turn the audio, because you can hear everyone's laughing at him. I [Music], don't think I. Think there's supposed to look badass not funny. I saw audio, said yeah, damn little overkill, but we'll get it and then he's trying to give him directions. He doesn't listen. He walks off starts talking to Instagram. Can you imagine a director? Why is the audio sound like Mars I? Don't really know what you mean, but you don't hear like that. You know it might have been. It might be a weird phasing thing, because there's audio from a cell phone that happens sometimes so we're looking forward to the king I can't wait great. This is great check. That sounds right on the stream and they're good I'm super comp. Hopefully it's good. We can make a reaction videos how about? How would that be for a blast from the past series, because I feel like Khaled, isn't as popular as it used to be I mean this video has a million views after four days. It needs to be king. Khalid, the god now he's out here getting a million views in four days, and this is good content too. You know I mean. Let me see what else is going on it's Instagram page. This one only has four thousand plays. That's not a lot. Eight minutes ago, thirteen thousand likes he's getting. You know what I mean. Twenty-Eight thousand likes 50,000 likes 32 thoughts, so he's nobody. He used to be the king I mean do you know what I'm saying like [Music] major king and major key, so I'm doing Saturday, Night, Live and I'm doing it season finale. He needs to refresh the movies. Just that's right, repeating he's a meme jukebox. They said I'd, never do Saturday Night Live; no, they didn't who said that nobody literally that's way too specific Khalid. Nobody ever told you that it's an ad by the way, his announcements that he's gonna be on Saturday, Night Live hasn't had it says: hashtag ad official Bellaire, the champagne man, you gotta, appreciate him. He monetize his everything guys don't be upset at my live. I'm super excited shut up the bel-air. Their champagne is great as a shower I. Don't taste it how's it taste, I need to I need to monetize more I'm, not the one. You know I mean I, gotta monetize more like like here. Why don't we have a beverage sponsoring us I'm drinking this Coke Zero getting they're getting free ad? You know huge bel air champagne, yeah Dan come on. What are you doing back? There gave me some books, I'm water. What is this? Getting the clown branded turn on the on the phone right now another one come on. Shredder gotta put some sponsors on shredder. We showed a picture of him. I've been wearing like a Petsmart, hey he's. Looking at me, he's so smart shredder. So smart, it blows my mind. He understands everything he really does the the morning we were living to the make-a-wish meeting we were I personally was nervous. I think you were too and we kind of woke up early and we were, like you know, can't be late, so we were like all stressed. Getting ready and shredder could sense it and they puked from stress yeah. He puked twice. He knows when we're leaving without him. He can tell by our routine, and so he gets all sheepish and like he gets all sad and he just like watches from the bed, but then he can tell when he's coming with us- and he gets super excited and prepped me and, like so say he won't even take treats when he said yeah he's such a sweetheart yeah I'm talking about you, you know who I'm talking about him all right, well we're reaching our an hour hour-and-a-half mark. So what do we got here? We got shark tank fill we got worst day on truck. We got little. Zan is a special needs child and we've got Colonel Sanders DJ that one's pretty good. Let's do em all we're doing at all. It's Friday! It's been a long week, I'm sure you guys all had a long week. So, let's, let's get some entertainment in our world. Let's do them all okay, but from this point on I guarantee nothing. So this is the Wild West time. So, if you're listening lower your expectations because I guarantee nothing cuz, they were so high before yeah. Well, at the beginning, I'm like hey thanks for watching and now I'm, just like said err, I'll, stop that err ancestry.com new cringy commercial. What do you think about this helo? Apparently they took it down cuz, it was so bad ancestry.com Abigail we can escape to the north there's a place we can be together across the border. Will you leave with me without you? The story stops here the chapters of your family. Well, why did they have to make it about like slaves? Well, first of all, it's so corny yeah and, second of all, why did it have to be a story of like a white man running off with a slave and third of all, the slave didn't seem into it right. She never said. Yes, she was never excited, it seemed almost like she was being coerced into it. Yeah she had this look like dude I, don't trust this white man's got all the power like you're shooting the commercial at least put the make it seem like she wants to go like watch this again, she's, so not into it. Abigail we can escape to the north there's a place. We can be together, she was about to be like I, don't even know you she's, like she didn't even say anything. I haven't no stay here right like she yeah. That's. Why I've been with you right, no yeah, cuz right I have to right yeah. This is like some ancient and so that she's in love with them, will you leave with me not even a smile without you, the story stops here. What does Ava mean? I, don't know yeah, so they got slammed and they took it down within hours yeah. They put a lot of work into that, but it's so poorly conceived, I mean man. Oh man, nobody along like no executive along the way. It was like this isn't a good idea. So that's pretty bad yeah. Would you like to run away with me? How bad is it like cow? It's a -. Is it yeah I like that better MJ, Fant recipes MJ, but it's pretty bad yeah, it's not as not as bad as cow hole, though I think that Cour tattoo is like the ultimate dad joke. Yep. Take him way too far. Oh it's awful yeah, but every time he takes his shirt off, he just got a huge smile on his face. He loves the attention and everyone freaking out around him. Yeah yeah. That's definitely true and everyone's taking pictures and he's just like loving it. Ben Affleck. On the other hand, he's gonna lie about it. You know what that's a that's a really strong argument in favor of been in favor of been vain warrants. Yes, not saying I agree early, but it's a small yeah I'll keep trying to convince him. It's a strong argument. Shark Tank failed. We actually saw this live, but I want to watch it yeah. Yes, these guys put ad or presentation together. I mean they were watching. You know we're big fans of Shark Tank, so we were watching live and I couldn't believe what I was seeing man when I watch this the guys are demonstrating a new age super strong, lock that comes from a bottom of the door and shoots up so that you cannot open the door because it's like sandwich through the bottom and so they're like look how easy it is to bust a regular traditional, deadbolt yeah, and so, let's see how you can you lock it an experienced intruder can get in in about five kicks Alex show them how easy this is come on now. Let's kick it hard come on Alex come on out, give your heart five can't do it. Alex didn't actually end up getting a deal, but there's something like super saying about this door. Cuz. He even things out like the crazy door. Bus doesn't move, I, think the producers bust with them right, like the producers put this together, I feel like they must have put some super [ __ ] in there, but the door buster. Doesn't the deadbolt are no better Alex to the existing hold. It actually looks weaker than the wedge base barrier lifts up using simple physics. This makes your entire door ten times stronger, -, preventing home break-in and tight port knock on the gate, to open the door to shut the door. You lock it with the gate with the foot pedal and you can see what, if you get locked out with everything up, [Laughter] [Music] do the flank an experienced and shooter will do a double jump, flying jump. Picking at your door. There you have it previously stuff here on Shark, Tank, primetime baby and for those reasons I'm out, that's right. He actually got a deal which shocked the hell out of me, I think, but what the hell do I know, because we are at the back end of the show where nothing matters and nobody should be watching. Let me show you an example of that: one. Anyone laughing pretty quiet in here somebody at homes laughing. What do we got here? Shark, Tank worst it this was killing me I was I. You know I hope I thought I enjoyed as much the second time you know. Did you watch the whole thing? No okay good, so this guy is having the worst day ever he's a truck driver and he's fit chronicling his misfortunes from the day if it should have much room, [Music] bro I had a train track after a forklift got stuck in the back of his car. So here's a picture. It says it stopped. So now it's just stopped and though the street the Train, he stopped there [Music]. Now it's backing up. What is he doing? [Music] [Applause], if anything up again: [Music] [Music] [Laughter] -, just one dude [ __ ] with them. What is going on with that train, though it's some of the comments explained. This happens every once in a while that, like every time is before it's at a junction and he's like letting off different cars, so it I mean in the middle of the night, though, when you know when. Oh my god, it's like a long fun, nobody knows what's going on he's just blocking the street for like hours, oh, my god, [Laughter] fantastic um, we're balloon. We run along little Zen made of looks minute. Look I, don't know anything about little. Damn I know he's friends with a lot of youtubers, I I, don't know man I mean the guy looks like look, I, don't know him, but I mean if he looks like he has a zero IQ and his girlfriend I guess they made a video together when he was high, really high on something I, don't know what I probably zanuck the dude literally has a goose bump tattoo on under his eyelid. So it looks like his eyes. Using I mean it's the worst thing I've ever seen, and he literally is like tattoo worse than benevolence. I tattoo is one of the worst things I've ever seen. Ela mauers he's accurate yeah bro. Look at your face. Why are you touching your tongue I'm? Also won't? Why is one of your eyes closed? More than the other one of the eyes without the leakage is closed. More I, don't know why that is this. Guy is barely sentient. I feel like he's almost a plant at this point, a vegetable if you could say one food I, don't like there's a lot of trouble identifying one. What's like a type of food food mistake people don't like to eat. That's a tough, that's a lot of food! This is like speech therapy. After someone had a stroke, you know what I mean. This is like one day when, like someone who was living in captivity with aunt wild animals for 20 years, trying to learn English for the first time a specific food do I like chicken dry, they say you don't like allocated dog they're like arguing about it. What do I get when I order a burger like? How could this our little Sam this little zan is proof that, if you're famous, maybe I, don't what do I know, but I mean how [ __ ] balls little zan and you're more or less than ben affleck. A few of the [ __ ] blows enter Ben Affleck. Who would you choose? Choose you have to choose? You marry one and [ __ ] one this? Oh, it would almost feel like a child like a vet, like you said, like it's a vegetable, it's almost like pedophilia yeah cuz he's like he's literally like you got to talk to him. Like he's five well I feel like a five-year-old's, more stimulated honestly than him, which is Ben, then yeah little Zen silos in space is like so unsymmetrical. Why is one I like clothes, more dude? What the hell that guy's face is so jacked all the strappy toes and all that [ __ ], you look Tomatoes yeah, he likes Tomatoes. He doesn't know. Why, though, do you remember when he got eaten too many hot cheetos yeah I did read that heaven, but do you really think it was that or was it drugged lated? You know what I mean I hits it's hard to say, like I believe that this guy ate too many ideas in hospital is that ulcer from it okay wrap it up. She has to like, but I'm just shocked. First of all that she forced that she, you know he they in this state that he said that they did this video and, second of all, that they uploaded it cuz he looks like I mean. Is it possible? Is his state right? This is how you get him. It's a good point. I, don't know much about him, though. Can you have a negative IQ, EULA I think we I think I think what a negative IQ means is that you make everyone around you more done. It's like a black hole of stupidity, just sex that sucks everything up gangster gangster good talk about tomatoes all day, so somebody had a really funny comment. They go if you play it and one-and-a-half speed, he actually sounds normal. So here I'm, gonna, I'm gonna go to one and a half speed, so I'm fast-forwarding it now and he sounds normal parent. Yeah I showed her. Who are you about it? Yeah she's super fast 14 sounds normal, but she really liked it and then whoa sounds normal. The next morning, I asked a to be my girlfriend. I said intercourse. It's PG, he document yeah. There you go, that's how we met um she's, not into it that way. She's just trying to control the Beast right. I can't believe how hard this question was for ya, like it's like a circuit board. It was like a computer from like he's, got one RAM in his brain. What don't you want to eat? This processor was vegan food. He's just like: what's a yeah, it's fantastic I have a question out. Is little zan net worth disappear? So if this guy is that, how successfully is guess he is fairly successful there, you go kids dream. You can achieve anything even with a negative 20 IQ I was I was a Instagram page man you're, not gonna, believe someone [ __ ]. They started doing like this hipster Colonel Sanders a CGI. It's not a real person like bro. Do you really think this guy would be eating KFC, it's a fake person. This is CGI and they managed to generate in a computer. The douchiest looking person on earth wait. Wait. Kfc is doing an ad for dr. pepper. What the f you're a brand. You can't do. Brands with other Randall's other brands, paid partnership with dr. pepper, hmm, having an ice-cold, dr., pepper, hashtag, add your king of Seger. But what this is this is you the collabing, what what they said that they were paid by dr. pepper anyway, I probably owned by the same company. I bet you well. Why would they have to just yeah there's only like three giant companies that own all the fast food brands you want any cave so today, I got my brain dude. Oh my gosh I want KFC, you know, but it might the funny thing about. This is look at this douche. This guy eats freakin. This guy eats Kanoa salads and super bowls only and pokey. When he's feeling wild yeah give me a break. This guy doesn't put fried chicken in his body. They come up with yeah he's such a douche. Why did you have to find like the douchiest here? He is with Jesse wounds. Look at this Jesse did a sponsored ad with him where they're writing. Oh, my god, I just feel bad. Like man, I mean Jesus, Christ I mean it scroll down. I just want you to scroll down. I want to see his shoes. Okay, you've got to take over because I'm office-wide shoes think it I think he's a high breeze. Let's do Sanders I hate to say it, but I feel like they modeled this off after Jesse well bit. Well, here yeah, but his whole thing dressed. Like Jesse I, like Jesse, he's a great guy he's a sweet guy. He rides with two Sanders, so he's good in my book, but I get to you. How often does Jesse eat KFC. You know what I mean less than me: mm-hmm, so where's my chubby Sanders -, trying to reach new new crowd. You know you want chubby guys. Like me, you know what really pissed me off and again Harley from Epic Meal Time friend of the show of the guy. He recently did on Instagram a freaking Papa, John's, commercial and I'm, so pissed what I've been trying to get in touch with Papa John dear here they are missing an opportunity of a lifetime. They keep going up the shack they keep going after Peyton Manning Oh Harley, because he's the food guy. Why am I constantly snubbed and ignored these marketers need to get their head out of the house? I will sell more [, __ ] pizzas than all of them combined right ela. We already do people send us pictures with buck with John boxes like every day. Thank you he's always a Travis private jet bro shut up more Dr Pepper ads, apparently Tom Green Oh just ran into Tom Green, whatever shut up colonel, he looked so faking this one look at his face. This is so weird yeah I, don't get it not into it, but I do like KFC. Please sponsor me: do we have the post of the Harley ad? He made a video for the Papa John. Can we get that yeah one sec? Meanwhile, I shall weep at the bottom of this document. Oh I do have it mm-hmm, okay, great Harley, Papa John had look at this [ __ ]. You believe this [ __ ] huge announcement as the sauce boss, I feel it is imperative. You hear the excellent news: the sauce boss, I'm the Papa, sorry Papa's over sauce boss, part of the you knew I miss her Papa John. You couldn't have done this, but they came and the John's is turning up. The heat literally check this out. What kind of [ __ ] promo is that a free dipping sauce yeah? That's a dumbest, don't you get it anyway? You get an extra one for free by Caesar I'm, not, but it slaps back for sure. So if you like it and you enjoy it, you let Papa John's, know you post a comment in the comment section below and they'll make this a regular staple ice for me, I'm gonna be dipping all night bro, that's the worst promo ever sorry, Papa John's, talk to me talk to me! We're gonna! Do it. I will singular ly, raise their stock value up to where it was when Papa was in the house, Papa's out of the house I'm still outside looking in am I wrong. I mean it's please what is going on here. Why is hardly getting Papa John ads and I am NOT talking about an extra free sauce. I almost feel like in a way, though, it's kind of good that they've ignored us cuz, once you're actually paid for it, it's not the same yeah. They would probably been you end up making a post like that. It's not funny. They would rein me in big-time, so Ethan. We have a promotion today we're giving away a free sauce, and we need you to be serious and not funny about it. Okay, so today is extra sauce day, so go ahead and announce that it's extra sauce day today, hey guys, it's Ethan. This would be the final hey guys. It's Ethan, happy extra sauce day or like today we are offering to bake the pie, 5 degrees, higher than Donoho. What a thrilling adventure today today only guys you can cook your pie for 5 minutes extra and get an extra crispy. Only today remember tell him: Ethan sent you yeah, they probably they probably cut my balls right off. No, no I'm not hitting on Harley I. Just wish the Papa John would record. It is what I've done for him. Of course, I'm bitter about everything, nothing I say is personal. Everything I say is personal towards me: I'm, the bitter [ __ ], it's coming out of my mouth thought. There's judge me everything I say is a reflection of my own problem. Remember that we see the world not as it is, but as we are okay and clearly, you know how I see it so really yeah. You get the idea here boys. Let's go on down to fan submissions, hello, there h3 podcast, remember if you want to submit a h3 podcast at a tree directors. Calm. Did you catch that? No and you said it wrong. It's podcast at e3 production in Stockholm. Thank you again. He says I'm not sure. If there's a way to do something like this, but this video is one of the greatest bits of public-access television, I've ever seen and I feel like Ethan and ela would have a field day with it. It's like a Tim and Eric sketch come on accident and never gets old to me. Here's the link, it's called that's amore posted by Mark Henson on YouTube. Thank you Jason for the submission now actually Tim and Eric I know they were their inspiration. I watch this video I was I was totally blown away by like just how it formed there [Music] it is barely moving in it's Casey and his brother [Music] [Laughter] [Music]. You've got that the worktop [Music], that's like two words [Music]. Yes, congratulations then Wow of could see back on the show that was great, fantastic, excellent. They can submit romesco sauce, Ethan Hathaway, writes us listening to Gus, Johnson, podcast and y'all. We're talking about pizza, I could not live with myself. I didn't tell you the best pizza of all time get ranch instead of pizza, sauce bacon and tomato that way. The ranch cooks makes it even better. Please try this piece will change your life No. So are you saying instead of tomato sauce, you put ranch and then you cook it with the ranch on it. That's pretty gnarly dude that is wack, not good I'm, and that comes with a wrench sounds like gross I. Can't I would try it if it was presented to me, but I, wouldn't I wouldn't go out of my way to make that pie. That's definitely not a moria, some stuff, you just don't want it. You don't want it to be a warm like ranch. I, don't see that cooked ranch. It was just like curdled there's like all that dairy in it right. Try it look, Ethan's pathway, says it's bomb. So who are you to call him out? What would you say to ethan athlete for you? He was here right now. That's this affirmation, guys, isn't it Dan would spit in your face eat then I don't have to check his tattoos. I have a feeling, it's gonna, weird and wrench to two and finally, as we come to an end in France, Papa John is still the face of Papa John's viva la resistance from Benjamin large hi there, just a quick mail to show you how France is still fighting, there's still only one puppy here, la resistance here you go. This is I, guess from oh that gets from Papa John. There is your boy with the dough enjoy John, not for long yeah. They just haven't, got there yet they're gonna, it's gonna be Shaq soon. That's so sad what happened? No iconic, though you can't replace he's such a pizza boy, look at him. What that doe so happy to be there, what no no to play that one wait was that the copyright one or that feeling? Okay. Sorry sorry alright hit me with that. My name is Papa John Shannon viva la Revis resistance in France. They still my name here France, but in America that god bless him. You were saying where I was born and grew up. They reject me and my own capture, my own people. I said how could you do this, and this pizza Empire I, built with my gay and now I- am out best I am left like a couple of pepperonis in some heat you leave a couple of pepperonis out in the summer heat. You cannot to use it of pepperoni on the pie, no more, if that is how they have gots to be assigned like a meat so with ranch cooked into the crust instead of sauce. That is how I feel today, but in France viva la resistance. They know me: that's the Papa, the one and only beat semester and like the mozzarella, Mets Ponte cheese I shall melts as well into a pizza, grave and I say goodbye to this world and just like when you have a jalapeno on your pie and it's a little too spicy and you end up having diarrhea for days that is like USA. Had a diarrhea me out, I feel like pineapple. Nobody likes it, a pineapple on the pie, huh only Ethan and Ethan's. The only one there like me anymore, [Music], happy Friday to everyone from the Papa. That is the end of the show and remember viva la resistance outside looking in goodbye. This is good [Music].