Coming to you in five four three, two hello and welcome h3 warriors today we go to war. That's my new thing, get your Forks pitchforks and Spears and torches, especially because it is a drama-filled juicy day. Everybody rejoice and celebrate, because not only is it Friday today the Lord's Day. Well, the lower state would be on Sunday, but I. Think the Lord also likes Friday am I wrong. Gila, the Lord's Day is actually Saturday in Israel, so in America the Lord's Day is Sunday, which is which is the true Lord's Day, because the Lord can't have two different days, so you guys need to get on the same page. There I'm saying my Lord's Day if I'm the Lord, it's Friday, because TGIF baby thank God, it's Friday! Thank you. Lord quit. You know who said that originally Jesus Jesus Jesus what was I talking about juice, Eve, drama-filled aspect, very special episode of the H Street podcast, brought to you. Thank you too, for hymns and ring for bringing us this juicy drama-filled episode, they're. Just our sponsors they're coincidental. They don't. They didn't bring us the drama like for hymns lake today, like four hands gave Jared the boner pills to just surge him over the top Pro Jared I'm. Sure you guys heard this is a phenomenal. I've got a lot to get to. First of all, we made a new video Instagram versus reality, and then this whole drama blew up from that which I totally did not expect my goodness. This girl Trisha pay Yatta Yatta. Anyone help me out back there with the pronunciation. It's Paytas, oh my it was even close. I just saw some peas and some raisins amazed, not a scientist, Trisha Paytas. So we've got that to talk about. She made a video crying on her kitchen floor, which surprised me just surprised me at all, but we'll talk about that. In response to my video, then pro jared is this phenom from whole fro jared? Is this phenomenal I've never seen the likes of which a drama has has totally destroyed and burned a man alive? He was consumed by it. So I'll drag him fire yeah, it's frightening, it's quite frankly how quickly this man's whole life, as you see on the TV his subs even now, are just dipping into the abyss he started over. He had won. Let me show you I'm getting ahead of myself, but I want to show you for context. If I just go pro Jarrod socialblade I, don't know, even in all my time on YouTube with Logan Paul with what are the other big ones like I mean with leafy and Logan Paul. Those are the kind of the two biggest backlashes I can think of him in modern YouTube history. I have never seen a single lost day like this. A hundred and three thousand lost and one day I wonder if that's a record I think it is I. I, don't know at what's remarkable. Is that, like he has a million subscribers? That's that's. 10% of his entire fan base look vanishing, like a Thanos snap like to go from 50 to minus a hundred thousand yeah, just the difference. Yeah I mean 10%. The thing is, like a million, is, is kind of small by comparison to like Logan palm leaf he's yeah, so they didn't have anywhere near that loss, so the per capita loss of actually losing 10% is so staggering and it's still going on. Obviously right now, I've never seen anything like it and we may never see anything of the likes of which again and there's just been some absolutely phenomenal memes. The story is incredible. The face is outrageous that everything about this is like a perfect storm. It's that category 5 hurricane. That just is that once-in-a-lifetime experience. It just puts a whole city under water. You know what I mean it's just I, never see anything like it, so we're gonna dive into that I've seen his [ __ ] too, as well. Today I mean- and yesterday I made, you I, know I've seen the uncensored one yeah I've seen it all I've, been there I've done that I've seen it all so, not not, because I wanted to actually well I guess I won't say, but somebody sent it to me like on, because I was talking with somebody at great length about the whole projared thing and and I told I'll, keep sending me the memes, because they're hilarious and then so I kind of did ask for it, but then it just his dick, like unfiltered dick showed up and I was like we're in boys. Yeah watch it fault dip I mean we may witness the moment here where he goes below 900,000 now. Imagine like imagine so it's maybe I should just talk about this I guess! That's where hardian is I'm. Gonna talk about the whole Trisha thing after this because I'm already in it I'm loving it alright, so Jerry now so, oh, my god, I guess I should explain what happened. I just can't get out of the mindset of like so he announced on Twitter that him and his wife were getting a divorce and he knew that some drama was going to ensue because their divorce was not exactly amicable and he knew that now. Obviously, he wouldn't anticipate the what would unfold when his now ex-wife accused him of cheating behind her back with her colleague for many years, who was also formally married to one of his colleagues and friends, they're all part of the same group of friends, yeah. It's like it's incredible. Do you there's this phenomena, my god he gained a subscriber somebody just what found progeria is totally oblivious to anything going on that I like this project, there's one subscriber. What was that you ever notice this phenomenon like in a group of friends? It's like everybody just ends up like having sex with each other, because there's like no other options like if you have like. Let's say this happened in college, but I think with every clique. Let's say: there's like 10 people, five dudes, five girls. You know that everyone's gonna [ __ ] each other, like eventually it just happens like where everyone's like man I'm dating her out and then dude I, get it it's cool and then it's like you. Everyone ends up having sex and but so this is one of those cases I think, except that we're married and adults and we're not in college, so I, don't know how good of analogy is just a phenomenon. I noticed as a psychologist sociologist. Yes, in my studies, uh, he just gained another subscriber I find that more fascinating. At this point, then, anyway, I loved his analysis on Megaman 93. We were just watching Pro charrids. Let's play I got to pull this up. I'm, sorry guys I know I'm me entering, but this is just I got to enjoy this, because this doesn't come around every every day. Pro Jared, let's play was it called damn Pro Jerry, please don't you find his name kind of funny like, even if you actually think about what it is, it's Pro and then Jared like he's a pro gamer Pro Ethan. Like imagine, that's mine, that's yeah, like back in the day, you say like I'm, Pro he's Pro, Jared, cuz he's so dope, but anyway he posted a let's play one day ago and I was just watching him yesterday before his whole world can crash me down it's like last images. This is a subreddit called last images of like people with loved ones before they passed on. He just doesn't know he just doesn't know he is just playing Megan. You know who cares just take it in for a moment, acoustic yeah that was this penis coming out boy other snow, okay, well, can I go to anyway. God I really taken a long time, get to the point, but imagine he walks away from his computer, like I've, been through the meat, grinder I've been through drama and usually what I'll do is I'll be like man, I'm really upset. This is too much for me to handle I'm just gonna walk away from social media for a couple days and let this blow over so imagine when he walks away he's got a million thirty thousand subscribers and he comes back suddenly. He just comes back he's a tall check, my social blade see what's the damage, you know a couple thousand, you know he comes back and he sees one hundred thousand loss in a day. This was trending on Twitter, for it's like at the top. People are fascinated by it almost like this morning. Yes, then, like nobody talks about Jared, but somehow everybody's obsessed with the scandal, it's at Twitter trending, the top of the news. There's. Okay, let me just tell you what happened for Christ's sake, okay, the there's just so many layers to the story. You know so here's the three at the center of this love triangle, so this is Jared in the middle. This is like Game of Thrones. If I'll, let you finish the sentence Jared his ex-wife on the left, yeah on the left and on the right is the his true love. It's a mystery, the mistress! Thank you you long very well, sir correct yes, yes, I think so, absolutely and now Jared. Now. What fascinates me too is like this is the guy at the center of this. By the way, this is the picture he chooses to put on all this videos. Well, I've, seen pictures of him that aren't this bad, but I find it fascinating that this of all of them is the one he chooses to present to the world. I'm, not gonna, yeah I, don't know what to say really without being too solid, yeah I'll mail right there yeah that guy takes probably 20 alpha males brains a day so anyway. So why is this so epic? Why do so many people care about this? Why is this been trending for days? Nobody's experienced anything like this before so here's my theory on why? First of all, this is blowing up so big, first of all, he's goofy looking. That makes it all the better, because you see a picture of the sky near like a whole man he's been sending nudes to underage girls, cheating, us, wife, I'm in for his dick there's, dick pics involved, there's pictures of his dick all around the internet instantly juicy I'm involved, also when the wife twitted about saying that he cheated on her. You know for a few months glad you showed that he blocked her. Oh yeah, fantastic love, it yeah. No, that's amateur! A couple see I, don't know how to appropriately tell the story. So if we're everywhere just bear with me, it's gonna be everywhere. It's tough. But this this is a picture. That's on the internet. That's it as well! So I'm in you know anything like it doesn't get better, infidelity, underage sexting and then it the story's been unfolding live. So it's just it's absolutely phenomenal. So let me open this summary and I'm gonna. Tell you guys exactly what happened now so Pro Jared, first of all, announced that him and his wife were going to file for a divorce. This is the very first thing that happened. He says a statement very dramatic, very dramatic. He says wife, ID and I filed for C, I, don't know anything about Jared or his wife, or really anything about any of these people, but I'm so in I know, I've never watched his videos, but I do know some what the girl did. He cheated with who she was married to and I knew that they were all part of the same group, which is why it's so it's like so PAGASA yeah. Oh basically, this is Game of Thrones. If you remove, like all the graphics and the fighting and uh I'm gonna read the statement my wife, Heidi and I have filed for divorce. I know this may come as a surprise and upsetting for many of you, but know that we do this so that we may both seek happiness for ourselves. During this time you may see see a lot of rumors speculation and gossip going around I. Ask that you make your own observation and come to your own conclusion. I guess everybody did do that. I love how we preamps it with like he's. Like my life, because I move Lord only knows I will add to this decision was reached after extensive individual therapy on my part and couples therapy together. What that said, this is all I'll. Let plan on stating publicly regarding this matter. Heidi's, privacy, mental well-being and discretion has always been a will remain my eyes priority through. All of this is my hope that we can both exit this marriage with style and grace that sentence stuck out to me style. Grace, I understand what style he's like I'm coming out of this mare, maybe I, don't know about this style. Wait to see the pictures you've been sending underage girls, you want to talk about style, I, hope that we can exit this marriage with style. Anyone want to see my dick and grace I plan to continue to do everything. I can, on my part, to make this happen. Thank you for understanding, patience, kindness and respect for our privacy and his dick pictures out. Well, actually. Well so the one that opened the lid on this one was actually his what ex-wife, Heidi who's divorcing yeah exactly so this is only the beginning of the juice of of what is, and so what follows from that statement is that his now ex-wife Heidi, so actually, no so so now this is the girl who left she was left. The top comment on his explanation about getting divorce. She said I'm, so sorry you're going through this I'm here for you. If you need me, this is from Holly Conrad who, who is a unknown player until his ex-wife, not unknown, though cuz their followers? No I mean they didn't know that that's the girl he's cheating with mm-hmm. Nobody knew that at the time can you put the balls of her that you're getting you're the cause for like the divorce and then you're leaving comments like that. So, yes, now here we go here's the tweet from from the wife she says this is her response. I've recently learned that my husband, Pro Jared, has been [, __, ], Holly Conrad. That's the girl who said she's feel so bad for him. Behind my back for months, I have no idea what announcement he just made because he blocked me bro. How epic is that what happened to styling great yeah I hope that you can respect my my privacy well I've getting this marriage of style and grace Bichir blocked my ex-wife so fantastic. You could just mute her. You know, like god, damn idiot. What's his last name: hmm neighbor neighbor Navin Bauer been nob and his neighbor, alright nahban Babur. So we got Jared number Bopper over here, knob in his neighbor as Dan put it. So the two girls were friends, yes and Holly is not divorced, but she was married to Ross who's, a mutual friend who's, a mutual friend of him too. Yes, I, just can't get over at home. The dynamic yeah yeah also I, can't get over the fact that Jared is so seductive that he's like breaking up marriages I mean that should really give hope to all you, frickin, like in cells out there, like Jared Jared, a single handedly smashed the in cell movement. You know what I'm saying like how dare you think that you're unfuckable when Jared is out there breaking up marriages? Mm-Hm, stop hitting yourself loser. It's you Jared smashing like crazy. Oh you know what I'm saying like you cannot I'm sorry, but if Gollum can [ __ ] and so can you and I'm I mean, like imagine, golems, on tinder getting [ __ ]. Did you know anyway? So as more information is learned the? So it is clear that Heidi is telling the truth. People started turning on her, but it turns out she's been telling the truth and there's been going on for months since October. Then it comes out that projared has been soliciting not-safe-for-work pictures from fans and has sent a few of his own were still these were sent while he was married. Heidi was, however, fully aware that he was sexting with fans for a few years which to me, is a huge area. More huge question mark. That's that's strange, but but now since this dramas spread his sexting images that were being sent out all these girls and are now sharing them on social media like wildfire. Obviously, I'm not gonna, show you any any dick pics or lewd photos, but they're out there and trust me. They are lewd, I, don't think ya had a final piece of garbage. It turns out that many of the fans he was attempting to solicit photos from and he sent two were underage mm-hmm and so I, don't know how corroborated that is, but I guess it's an ongoing investigation, but I've seen some credible evidence and I thought wouldn't surprise me at this point, I mean the guy sending his dick to everyone who, with eyes I mean apparently they're saying that he even had like a nudes, tumblr or I. Don't even know why yeah he had several not-safe-for-work tumblers that he used to reach out to fans. How does that happen? Well, the guys. Obviously you know he has some kind of sex. The thing for me is that I know the kind of audience that watches videos like his and they gotta be like at least 90% on their age. I mean, though I think you're right, yeah, the age, demographic that watches this videos, yeah I, think you're right the girls who have come out and said that they were 16 at the time, so mm-hmm yeah. So let's so that's that's the story. This is when she started getting brutal. His ex-wife was just going ham on him and this here, let's see here honestly Holly, you look very ashamed and insecure and all the nudes you sent my husband I think it would help your chronic self-esteem issues. If you start a [, __ ] min that weren't already married damn times like this, where I look, it's just it's so nice to just sit back and be like, but it's [ __ ] brutal this shot in freund him. How do I sit all right writing something like that? Yeah dan. Let tell me when we're out of break time because I'm not I'm, it's not I got ten more minutes. Okay, it's just remarkable, because I've been through YouTube drama, it's the worst! It's just the worst, and this is so beyond anything that any of us have ever imagined possible. Then I'm, just like Pro Jared, more, like sad chairs. Life is over more like Jared from Subway more like Pro Jared from Subway. Anyone is the name jared like done. No yeah Jared I cancelled I mean [ __ ]. Let's pray face it Jared! Wasn't that wasn't that strong of a name to begin with? Apologies- everyone, I'm, sorry, yeah, I, should've, thought of that. But I'm saying you know, I guess when your parents I, don't think there's many Jared's coming out these days is what I would adventure to guess, Zach, but I think yeah. If you named her kid Jared like in the past two three years, that's a mistake: I agree, yeah and no offense to your brother. I. Think he's probably awesome. Just keep an eye on him to make sure he's not talking to any underage girls or anything cuz. You got it. There's baggage with that name. Yeah keep an eye on him here. I've got a meme. His his subreddit by the way has been converted into a jontron subreddit, which is specifically funny because during John trans drama he was extremely vicious. Kicked him out of normal boots and was like one of the biggest haters of jontron guy specifically was yeah, oh, so he has to be relishing this yeah. So so they changed projared. So I read it into a jontron themed subreddit. Well, here let me show you the subreddit and it's just turned into such a dumpster fire, his own subreddit, that it's a site. It really is a sight to behold: [ __ ] projared mega thread enjoying the new sub icon. Here's jontron I opened this up the other night to look at it and I was like wait. I was like ah thought it was. I'm projared not jontron, it's fantastic top post [ __ ] when you unsubscribe from projared after watching him for more than seven years, but if you go sort by top of all I mean it's all like here's, the top scumbag above this image. So it's the first thing she was up when google shows scumbag. It's so brutal, like that was on the front page of my home page, wait I gotta check. If they were successful with that, I mean Google Images right now. No, no! It takes time. It takes time. It's gonna, take more time. I, guess yeah yeah he's in the clear and then like the mods betrayed him. Apparently he was a mod on the subreddit and everyone's like man. He's just gonna be erasing everything and blocking comments, so apparently unread it there's a hierarchy, there's a tier so on subreddits there's like the master mod who established the subreddit and then everyone else has like Kanban the person below them, so the guy who actually started the subreddit banned Jared. He kicked him out. So this is an reference to that. The Internet, his wife, Jared projared, mods sipping wine, also start beating the [ __ ] out of him. Yeah I, don't know so he was been banned from his own subreddit and which was turned into a jontron Dame subreddit. So back to the sub loss and I'll go over some memes with you. If I, if I may, these have been prominently, featured yeah I'm, a gamer gee cheat on my wife, G AME and there's no R yeah, but look at a little that face I. Think that's really I think what made this so delish I mean so incredible for everybody. People are doing to know him. R is that face and somehow just completely making fun of his looks and like and everyone is on board yeah. On any other day. People are like dude, you really shouldn't be yeah. You shouldn't be relishing in the fact that his life is ruined, and you know these are people that we're dealing with whatever no soda every once in a while. That's out the window, everybody in the world is like [, __ ], this guy in particular, yeah yeah, Momo, challenge, uncanny I'm, not gonna lie and I mean that is phenomenal bro. If you're an insult listening to this, this guy [ __ ] like crazy. Both of these women too, are like pretty attractive. It's like there. You go there, you have it beautiful one. Going on I mean you guys have seen the dick pics so I, don't know it's fine I mean it's not a spectacular day. It's a normal deck. You know. Oh, what are your comments on it? Go ahead, I'm curious, the pictures of him well yeah, where he's trying to be sexy, yes, I guess I we were debating if we should show those, because we're like well cuz they're, not like I, don't really want to Jenna, be like promoting leaking. Yes, that's their out. There y'all want to see it but they're all like him being like as if he was you know, super sexy like him with like his shirt in his mouth literally. He took a photo like this there's one of him in the back like it's, you know the guy. The guy is definitely working with what he's got and if you're and so out there they can't smash. There's no excuse for you, so we're not use the word in cell. No, they call themselves that no, they called they are the ones that to coin that term, it means a means: invulnerable, entirely: celibate in bolter, yeah, okay, it means they're virgins, because they're I I would assume just to socially inept, but they blame women. They have terms they call chad's and, and what was it? What's the other one got like the opposite: yeah like the [, __, ] I, think it's just yeah I think it's cook. No! No, this Chad and another one Chad verse come on help me out here. Isn't it just virgin Chad versus version all right, I'm going to the internet to find this? You got you guys. Do the resist Chad versus virgin and Chad versus in Chad Chad, wait Chad, verse Brad is that right, Brett? No, that's not Chad were spread, Chad, uh and so verse. All right. You guys gotta help me out here. I got a shield around, but any I'm googling it it's a Chad vs. virgin or Chad versus instantly. I know there was a name for the insult, but they called it dudes who apparently are handsome that women are have an unfair advantage over them. They call them Chad's work, I, guess they think every man is a bro and a douche and is a jerk. Okay. Jared is not a Chad Chad with Jay he's a Jed all right. Let's get back to the names, so the biggest YouTube drama 2019 is really over dude. That looks like this huh [Laughter]. You wouldn't feel comfortable. It's so me mobile, but I think the fact that he's pretty he's just so strangely confident. At the same time, probably one of the goofiest looking to is of all time like I, remember just casually looking at his channel once and seeing because if you go to his channel he puts his fat face and all of his got you came to find his YouTube channel with all the gentleman yuki puts this face in all of his thumbnails. Oh, can you imagine if it was any more famous? What do we do right? So that's what happens? We dark alley. That's right! That's a great point! You know here we have a sex dungeon, an occult, absolutely you're, absolutely right and the girls would have to call him dad daddy anyway, thought I'd seen this somewhere before yeah Jared out here. Looking like Jack Jeebs from it, though there was lots of mini blossom [, __, ], Jack Jeebs from men in black after he gets his head blown off guys, Jared cheat on his wife, they're, getting divorce and [ __ ] and he's a total piece of [ __ ]. You mean to tell me a [, __ ] looked like this I! Don't get this one! He doesn't look like that dog, not a good one, bad one hi Jared. Oh, this was a comment. This was an actual comment on his announcement that they were getting divorced, Jared so sorry to hear I, hope, you're. Both okay and I, wish you well, then he comments I'm. Briefly afterwards, wait I, just read what happened I take it back. Projared makes a tweet after blocking Heidi on Twitter Heidi I'm, not the end. This whole man's career here, yeah I, showed you that one I found some this. So this this to me, I couldn't stop laughing, keep the fire going. It's called and it's a picture of The Fresh Prince of bel-air in the back of a taxicab like looking up at the big city with a camera in his hand, he says me on this subreddit having never watched one of Jarrod's videos. I was just cracking up dying because I think 90% of the people must feel like don't even know who he is yeah. They just love in the drum like crazy. Instead of Twitter calling projared an alleged adulterer or alleged pedophile they're, calling him an alleged youtuber and honestly, that's so freakin hysterical trending for you and it's true. It says alleged youtuber, cheating, scandal, unfolds in the public eye and then here people who don't know Jared as people who know who Jared is hating, Pro, Jared and Holly cheating on their significant other, was someone less attractive than their significant other and, of course, the all-time best. One Jared I, don't feel so good and it's his 1 million subscriber play button award vanishing as if he was vaporized in Afghanistan yeah by the way to go back to the previous one, yeah um yeah Holly was with Ross as soon as Ross was a handsome guy. Better catch yeah I mean obviously I. Don't we I, don't know we kind of know. I met him Holly we meant I met him once I. Don't know that I can't say: I know the guy, but he's a handsome guy, yeah I mean doesn't look like Momo. No, he seems like a gem like a great nice dude. You know I, don't know I, don't know if holly was look I, don't know you know funny. As far as Attraction looks I mean that's correct. I I followed up with some of my own favorites. That I was looking at last night. Let's see he's about to go below 900,000, so that's special that we can share this moment together. Let's see what we have so I wonder if Ross and Holly got divorced because he also found out because I actually am NOT I, don't know I think I think they had been separated a while now cuz I I saw him on Twitter being like guys, I'm not involved, I've moved on I, don't I, don't wanna hear about so yeah. So, let's respect that- and this was a meme blocked, my own life. It's like a Toy, Story meme, it's so funny. It's just so goofy I love that blocking her move. That was a huge mistake on his yeah that just mute her man, like that kind of said the whole thing on fire. Absolutely I, don't know that it would have got the same traction had he not blocked his way. Yeah cuz that made her tweeting like explosive when she's like. Not only did it cheat on me with my friend, he also blocked me. You know good blocking on Twitter's a rookie mistake, don't ever block because it just gives that person the satisfaction you mute. It saves the same thing and they don't know that they're muted blocking is the biggest rookie mistake of all time. Oh it's break time. I was it break time? Let me read this last one here before we go and break congrats disk [ __ ] killed me Congrats, a nine hundred thousand subscribers been here since 1 million [Laughter], all that for son-of-a-gun I started calling him. Oh, oh, my god. He just took a huge, a big jump. Congratulations on on nine hundred thousand, been here since 1 million. Wonder if he'll get another hundred thousand loss on day. 2 of this whole scandal, mmm that would be incredible. I doubt it he'll probably get 50 though I. Would someone had a great thought they said I wonder: does he need to send back his play? Button now see. - can I come like possess it. It just disappears. Youtube includes like uh uh technology, so that nating law he's already at minus thirty thousand for the day. There's a lot of hours in the day left there's a lot of fuel. Oh you know what I feel I forgot that we are not live, no we're not affecting because I wasn't I was wondering if we were affecting them. We're not live, oh my god. So when we post this video, it's gonna make me crazy Wow, so we're not being live. Isn't it we're thinking about going, live again, we're we, we don't know we're pointing the pros and cons, it's kind of pain about being live and definitely miss a lot of stuff about it. It's so! Actually, since we did the the new kind of chat like I, don't know the remembered, yeah Chad, it's kind of nice to have that chat. You can see I love, having the fan, interaction with the with the subscriber. Only because it cuts yeah on all the noise. Should we take a break down and then come back. I have a lot more Jared means. Let's do it so guys. We shall be right back. Congratulations: Pro Jared and nine hundred thousand subscribers 66% of men start to lose their hair by age, 35 and once you've noticed it's thinning. It's all ready to flip and light. Is that hairline slowly starting to move backwards? Do you see any bald spots yet well. The best way to prevent hair loss is to do something about it. While you still can for Christ's sake, let's get a handle on those beautiful locks before they fall out. I ask you this: do you want two bolts about to pop up on your hairline or your hairline to recede, or do you want to do something about it? First, what do you guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when they could turn to medicine and science of the 21st century? We got people in lab coats, doing science to keep your hair and your gang ed thanks to science. Baldness is now optional. Hems before hems, calm is a one-stop-shop for hair loss. Skin care, sexual wellness for men, hems is helping guys be the best version of themselves with licensed physicians and fda-approved products to help treat hair loss. This is not a snake oil or a gas station. Counter supplement my dudes. This is prescriptions backed by science, I'm talking that lab coats and and beakers and classic super thick glasses for our listeners right now get started with hims, complete hair kit for just five dollars today. Right now, while supplies last and subject to doctor's approval, see website for full details and safety information, this could cost you hundreds if you went to a doctor or a pharmacy somewhere else, so go to four hems dot-com / h3, that's fo r, hims dot-com slashed h3. That's four hams, calm, slash h3! Let's keep those beautiful locks where they belong on your head and that knot in the drain. Do you see this device? That is a ring doorbell and ring security camera? It is the only device that I trust truly to protect. My home I have six of these around my house and I have never felt safer in my own home, because this, let me explain this technology, it's one of those brilliant inventions that I praise, God and Jesus himself for Jesus. Okay, it connects to the internet boom. It gives you motion, alarms. If somebody approaches your house boom sets off your phone, you can. You can adjust the sensitivity you could adjust. The motion sensitivity the range when somebody rings the doorbell boom. It goes off on your phone, let's say someone's at your door: they're ringing the doorbell. You can talk to them and see them and they could talk to you through the frickin doorbell. It's a two-way comm that also includes the spotlight. I love. These spotlights you got motion detectors the light blossom. You can open it on your camera and be like yo what's up dude and they could talk back to you. You can also blast them with an alarm if it's like, if you're at home- and it's like someone's creeping on your house, you can not only yell at them through it. You can blast them with an alarm, it's so insane and here's the best part like old alarm systems. Burglars could just come in and unplug everything this product automatically zips up the footage to the internet immediately. So, even if somehow they get in your phone house where they disable the Internet, it's in the cloud you've already got it. You've already got the notification. It's the best product bar, none absolutely for securing your home or apartment. I love this product. So much I endorse it all the way. I use it every single day. They've also got this neighbor app where everyone in your neighborhood close to proximity can share and upload videos. These guys are brilliant. They've created the social network, where you get a really good, strong sense for community and neighborhood, where, if there's anything shady going on, they upload videos, sometimes there's funny stuff going on there. Sometimes people get clowned because they'll be like a delivery. Guy went to the wrong address and they're like watch out for this shady guy. Everyone starts clowning on them because it's obvious just wrong delivery. It's amazing! It's like it's so entertaining one way or the other, and for my listeners, we've got a special offer for a ring. Starter kit available right now with the video doorbell and then motion-activated floodlight cam I use both those products. I love them immensely. The right starter kit has everything you need to start building a ring of security around your home, so go to ring comm /h 3, that's ring comm /, H 3, welcome back to the porch in episode, I just laughing at this meme. This one killed me to my morning. Routine. Wake up! He breakfast approaches, breena's chief Rajesh I had the same reaction. You know I've seen. I haven't seen this meme for fat in a long time. So it kind of surprised me when I first thought last night I started cracking up, think I was delirious up so late. Come on. This is gold I'm, not the only one 3,000 other people love this I mean I did was just blindsided by a picture of his penis -. So I had a very similar human experience. This one probably shouldn't crack as much as it did, but it [ __ ], killed me Jared subreddit, staring at a picture of himself with the Red Cross over it stupid, [, __, ], Garfield means did I. Hope. Garfield means make a comeback. All right! Well, I mean a breakout. They never came back. I mean it's time for Garfield a break. Now they think oh yeah, so a lot of people image apparently gave this game Metal Gear Rising a 4 out of 10, have any of you guys played that I haven't played that one play most the middle game, so people were about that because they thought it was better and they think that was the the ripple wave, the first time, the butterfly wing that caused this whole thing. [Music]. No, not that funny! Are you uh I, don't get those kind of memes? Oh man we're good enough. You kiddin, okay, you're! You get! You were gonna, get this one all right! This is the best thing. That's come out of this, so this guy D SP was this. We've talked about here on the podcast, but you may have forgotten he's a he's, a twitch streamer who, after ending a show, jerked off but left his camera on, and this is the faith that he made as he. You know reached the climax lot of Austria and he comes back and he goes uh. He comes back after jerk off and he's like. Alright guys we're back. Oh the cameras on cameras on this whole time, huh rocking back and forth like this, so this guy he goes pro tip for concentrators if you've done something worse than this, whether it's public or private or not. Yet, if it, whether it's let me start over I, have issue. I have troubles pro tip for content creators if you've done something worse than this, whether it's public or not yet quit because I'm still here and you won't be- and good luck living with that with the picture of him or ketamine with his head back now, I guess: projared also goofed on this guy, which is why he's going in, like pro Jarrett kind of pissed off a lot of people, I guess, which is why everyone's relishing and and and his demise- and this is yeah I mean this- is incredible. So there you have it there's one more. Of course, just looked a long segment. I've ever done. Brock Baker cut this out and I'm okay with that from a clip, I cheated and I'm, okay with a cheated and I'm okay with that, yes, I cheated yeah, I'm, okay, with the theory of it. That should be, should sound like that. So there you have it I mean really there's nothing left to say. I do think, like you said, there's a good message here for anyone who is not confident with their looks right. Okay, keep talking, I'm a pulp, a picture of pro Jarrod as you as you always look on the bright side right. The one message we can take from this, but actually know the real message is that you really should not ever send a dick pic to anyone. Okay, if you're like a personality with following dude. That is especially if you are a public figure of any kind. If you send a dick pic, there's like a hundred percent chance that that one day will come out but actually like in his case, it's almost like it sounds like he's, got a problem: yeah sending it to fans like, obviously it's gonna get out, he knew yeah unsolicited. It's almost like, he put it out there himself pretty much well I think he has an urge that was too powerful and overcame his rational, brain and I think that he must have feared this moment that he knew he would sometimes forget, but also most of the time he's still remembered. In the back of his mind, that's this house of cards, or in this case house of dick pics, was gonna, be coming crashing down around him, and just remember that this is the picture he chosing Lee put on all of his videos. Okay, we've talked enough about purge Eric yeah right. Anyone else have anything to add dan and Zach. Just rip he's got a big nose. That's all you guys have dad is a douche bag. Obviously I mean I felt bad for him at first, when this whole thing came out, but then as more more details, and especially the underage girl thing, it's like okay. That part no sympathy so well. The part that I read of this story and again I, don't know if this has been corroborated, but the part that really got me is that he received nudes from a 16 year old girl, who explicitly said, don't share these with anyone, because she knew he had a sex blog and then he reposted them to a sex blog. Without her permission now have an underage girl. I was like wow. That's like a slam. Dunk, that's like the sillies bag, Olympics gold medal seriously, yeah well, cuz yeah I mean when, when it first came out, it's like this. This is personal [, __ ]. This is between these people and, like you know, I saw other people saying it to uh. What's the wife's name Heidi, it's like you know this isn't really cool to be, like you know, putting this guy on blast. This is between. You know private parties or whatever, but just as more and more came out, it's just like now. This guy's, this guy's, pretty [ __ ] scum. He kind of deserves it. So yeah. There is a red flag for me about her too, because she you, oh yeah, that is the best wrinkle and she said I knew about it for years that he was sexting with fans. Huh, yeah, yeah, suspicious I get the feeling that there's more to this story, I get the feeling that but I mean through that. As a man, I, don't I, don't know. Anything all I know is that Jared I seen chairs penis I mean that's the only relevant. So how is it? How is it it's fine I? Would it's a fun? It's a normal penis. No, like you were gonna comment on it. No I was just more commenting on the those pictures right. Not the penis I would give his penis like doing like sexy, pose talk about that. I have amnesia which I've seen those, but they were like the censored version where somebody like drew. You know a [, __ ] joystick over his dad was dick. Now, how would you rate it out of 10 neela, the penis itself? Yeah, it's normal five right, yeah I would give it a 5 yeah yeah, give it a 5 inches. Probably probably roughly yeah 5 out of 5 5 4 5 inches. Now what would you give Jared as all total package? I don't want to be to me yeah, you don't mind y'all. That should tell you about this course. So I'm surprised how the hell is it that you like sleep in the same bed as me, cuz I'm such a monster like I, see myself as on projared level of like not very far. Thank you but I just I'm kind of a monster. You just gained some weight. That's it there's a there's, a handsome dude under that you're you're working you're working with just compared to approach err, there's a handsome dude somewhere under your fat. Thank you. I saw those those photo shops. Oh yeah I wanted to talk about yeah, okay, thanks good, damn boy. Thank you, Dad for getting me off the top okay. So now we're going to talk about Instagram reality. Video first of all, is something that we made this video there's a subreddit called Instagram verse reality which I love and I frequent, where they take pictures of social media celebrities and compare them to candid photos to ship to show you what a ridiculous difference there is, and some of them are just breathtaking I mean it's kind of mind-blowing. That was my reaction at first, when you started showing me some of those submissions on that separated, yeah and and their mega. These are mega celebs I'm talking about like the Kardashians. First of all, there's some that they just look horrid I mean the Kardashians there's something weird that happen with the Kardashians we're like 10 years ago, everyone's like oh [, __, ], the Kardashians they're, a bunch of fake-ass lame-o's, they're, destroying society, but now somehow, like they've persisted and people forgot that they're fake-ass, Lemos they're destroying society and we started accepting them again like Kim Kardashian is somehow like an ambassador now and she's like a pop icon, and her sister is like this billionaire mogul that people are saying, she's, self-made and respecting I mean they started this whole. Look that now you see so many girls looking like them right, like I, mean I, see it a lot, the big ass everything they started, the pseudo ethnic. Do you know what I mean like the pseudo ethnic white girl? Look, it's kind of yep yeah, it's like what wrong is makeup, I, don't know! Well, no, they they they're like white girls, to try to look at yeah and- and so that's yeah I, think that is that the movement they started. Maybe that is to move it no and a lot of just a lot of plastic surgery. Yeah lip implants, baked boilers, fake tits, obviously fake tits, yeah I can't stand fake, tits on a personal note, I've seen Kim Kardashian's boobs and they just they suck on my part. That's just not my personal preference I think that it looks ridiculous like fake boobs like that, because they just look like I mean it no longer looks like a sexual organ to me. It just looks like there's so much shoved a bunch of crap and you're under your skin and there's like stretch marks and [ __ ] and it looks. The thing is, it looks good and clothing for girls. It's just the whole subject is so complicated because they feel so insecure when you are kind of flat or whatever you know so, for some girls it can make them more confident. I get that I can total it's in a really tough subject for women, but I think this whole new phenomenon of like the whole body, just looking like complete just so far from reality, like the huge bot, the tiny weight, and what do you call it waist yeah and then huge boobs and, like the facial features like huge lips all of sudden yeah super long hair extensions. Just everything is fake. Oh the whole look, yeah and I first, so I wasn't really aware of that. Until recently, a couple years ago we were I, don't know when it was, but we're hanging out with a female friend of ours in Israel mhm and she kinda has like the same features as a major skinny right. Come she's, not voluptuous, not curvy, but she's. Very pretty yeah she's, a beautiful she's beautiful, just like you, I mean you're. Both very pretty girls grated cheese, yeah, yeah, and so she said to ela. We were talking about Instagram and she goes I hate Instagram. It makes me feel so. Insecure I feel awful when I go in there. All the time and I was like what. Why would that? Why I'm? Because I was like, why I don't understand it at all, and then you were like oh yeah, I totally know what you mean and I was just be I, didn't even think about that mm-hmm, but I guess what you guys mean is that there's this beauty norm now, where everyone has these impossibly voluptuous bodies, yeah and features, and for some reason, especially on Instagram. It's like everyone. It looks like that yeah, but so and so to hear her say that which I thought she was like a pretty and confident girl, and so that kind of blew me away because it seemed to really affect her. And so what you realized through this Instagram versus reality phenomenon is that these girls are look just like you right or many cases, even worse, but I'm not here to judge the thing is I'm only judging them, because they're the ones to put themselves out there as these beauty absolutely unrealistic picture of themselves. I, don't know like representation of something that couldn't even exist. Unless you just go, modify your body a million times yeah, it's not even possible to achieve, but like there's one of Tanna, where she's in the ocean and her body looks like perfect. She's got like a perfect ABS big round, butt huge boobs, but it looks all natural and she looks like fun like. Oh this girl's in phenomenal shape. And then you see it like a shot from an insta story that somebody took and she's like I said she looks like she went from a mermaid to a manatee and, of course you know I'm trying to be funny. That's my primary objective here so, but but I consider her fair game because she is the one that's photoshopping herself putting it out there I, don't think that girls with those bodies are manatees but I. Think that think anyone took it that way. It's just look. It's obviously a main joke, yeah, it's a joke at her expense. Obviously, but not every girl who's watching this I'm testing symbole we're not the ones who's got a problem with how she looks. Naturally, exactly has the problem, and apparently everyone in the word lately I, don't know cuz all these girls have like a hundred million followers right right. That's true! Even Tana, like any girl who's doing. This is just blowing up and everyone's loving it. It's weird who's consuming it, because if the girls hate it, it makes them insecure, I guess they're their fans at the same time they hate. Where you know, is this weird ambivalent thing, so, in my opinion, calling a Tana, a manatee versus a mermaid is first of all, a funny joke and second of all, I've considered her fair game for for photoshopping that so again, if you want to try to have a 300 like if you just saw kind of looking, naturally without the other picture, you would be like. Oh look at this minute. Never of course not never yeah exactly! Thank you. So everyone with a 300 IQ was like you're being hypocritical and I was like. Well, that's true. You do have a 300 IQ I didn't I, possibly consider the fact that it may be that it may be come off that way. So congratulations for the Mensa members out there. They pointed that out. I think I did see some comments where people were saying those the the the real pictures were like from her Instagram story, though so I guess to be somewhat fair to her like she, if she's personally, putting out the pictures of herself where she doesn't look photoshopped as well. Wait are you talking? What are you talking about? I? Don't even know if this is true I'm just saying there were comments about Tricia. Let's talk about Tana, specifically, yes, so I think it's maybe from like videos right so like a make a video or like in a video or a livestream I, don't know right where they can't they can't Photoshop it yeah. It makes sense, but the pictures that she personally uploads are all looking and saying right. First of all, there's a side-by-side comparison. You can see it's like one. Girls like really out of shape normal totally normal-looking body we're like and then the other one is like supermodel. Nobody is saying that she understood it. We don't I, don't know if, but I mean it doesn't change the fact that that's the photo that she puts out, I, don't know but again, I, don't know if that's true or not yeah I don't either is just these are the same 300 IQ moments, but regardless so anyway, that's the video and there's some drama. But then what really came of this is. Is this girl Trisha bozer named [ __ ], like haters hate, haters I, didn't know who she was to be honest with you, but I guess: she's a she's actually quite a big youtuber. She has like 5 million followers or something, and so we put her in the thumbnail because her comparison was just so epic to me and nothing personal about her I. Don't know anything about her. Obviously, but I guess she has a knack for dramatics somebody predicted in the comments or on Twitter. Before she responded. He says you know she already clicked bait a twenty-minute bit of her crying calling it now. So that was so anyway. So here's the response started with a tweet she tweet there was like so many. There was like hundreds of tweets I'm, not even gonna I'm, not even gonna bother go through cuz, there's literally like 50 tweets, but this was my favorite one. She says please ela Klein do not raise your child to be, as ignorant as your husband I would divorce him ASAP as he was causing so much damage to young women. It's actually sickening I've, never been more disgusted that you stand by him is even more disgusting, so I guess is what's better for our child is to be raised by a divorced parent. Actually, but again, I mean I, acknowledge that the jokes were made at her expense like her personally, but on the whole my mess, everyone who watched the video is gonna feel so much better. I saw so many comments were saying: I feel so much better after watching it. Thank you, and that was my my secondary goal to make it comedy I think just to focus on the those two jokes. That will obviously mean it is just like you're missing the whole point, and also can we all lighten up like. Actually, if you want to talk about raising children, I'd rather raise a kid that can laugh at themselves. Mm-Hmm, it's like full I mean we don't need to be like. Okay, no one can make fun over anyone anymore. Her profile at her Twitter account is like blocked for being nude she's like a pornographer, yeah I. Don't think you should I just want to show her picture, because I I saw that tweet and I wasn't gonna say anything, but obviously when people attack Ella it's mask off and I saw her profile pic and I go. Who was this rude person? I? Don't recognize her from her profile picture. Does anyone know her and then she responded suicide suicide from bowling it's [, __ ], real I pray to God. You never know anyone first hand to answer life from that [ __ ]: it's not a joke. It's [ __ ] real you sicko, oh man, yeah. She took it really. She took it to the max, but I actually think that um I think she enjoys it. I think this is her thing and she I actually do think I, don't I, don't think she was actually offended. I think she is enjoying this because she made a response. Video of her cry and after as the guy predicted crying on her kitchen floor of all places and I have never seen her video. So when I first opened, I was, like god, damn like first my five a lot of questions. First is why are you on your kitchen floor? There's got to be a better setting for this, but I feel like she's, framed it up to be like, as most just like the saddest sight possible yeah. Oh my kitchen, cold floor tiles and front my refrigerator yeah here. Let me show you the beginning. Real fast, a tree tree is harmful. Girls is the title and of course the downvote ratio is brutal is actually a epic collab, because she linked my video and above the fold and I guess she thought people were going to come hate on me. This video needs to be deleted if he has any sort of Defense sense, he will, and she linked to my video but I saw I think she. She really got us a lot of new fans, because it's a good crossover I, don't think a lot of people of her fans would ever watch our videos, but I saw tons of comments of people being like I came here to hate on you after seeing her video, but this is videos awesome and she's totally over the top or she totally missed the point. Yeah a lot of comments like that I, don't think she even watched the video, because I'll show you evidence of that, but so I think this was such an epic lab that she linked the video like that fantastic. So here's the well! You can't blame me for that. One I just made this video [Laughter] trying to contain and reel in my emotions. That's word a big platform and like shaving, these women like well I, did fast-forward to my party I, don't really watch other people Chloe and then right after me talked about tannaz body like her photo versus her reality. I mean literally on one of my photos that she went from Beauty into a monster. I literally didn't say that back. Wait. I, didn't say that, like come on, I'm more insulted that I think my jokes were were pretty good, at least quote what I said: I think of her I said she went from from Coachella to open-casket funeral yeah. No one really got me or from Coachella to McDonald's, throwing down a McDonald's parking lot area. Yes, we see the WWF, yes, you and from Coachella does it that was so no, but it's like, but she's making it sound like just lighten up it's and stupid jokes like and such a well the yeah and the truth is that I, don't think anyone is actually upset, accept her and I think she's doing it because she enjoys it and I'd like also to announce that our videos number one ping suggested on our video yeah. But here this part was funny that Zack spotted what doing the Lord's work here on YouTube late. Well, she just said he's Catholic she's, saying that she's saying damn you just have to look we'll. Take one look at my face and know that I'm not good. She was like oh he's, a hypocrite, I guess: cuz, he's Catholic and he's making fun of people yeah. Well, sorry, lady Jews can say whatever the hell. We want yeah funny stuff, she's, a character, she's the character that was an epic Club I, totally didn't anticipate it like this came so out of left field, but I think I enjoyed it. I think deep down. She enjoyed it as well. I've got lots of nice messages, um my mom liked the video and the messy mom we got mom's like when you get break me break yeah, so there you have it that's about it. Oh and then there was this fantastic follow up, but this kind of underlies the whole. That's not it. I can't show you guys that no I can't believe I liked that, instead of what I wanted to I'll find it, there was a joke that was too cruel. We cut it and I'm, not an Evo forbid me to repeat it, but that's it. That's proof that I censor myself. There was a joke. That was too mean. I thought it was very funny, but we looked over it when we were planning the vid and we decided you know what this is to me. Yeah, of course, I totally got Ella's approval on all those jokes going out. I mean sound, cruel, sound. Then we thought about together. Well, II lowest was yeah. She was more on the, but I definitely got you as approval before blessing that out, because, as the you know by anyway, this was trying to show you guys. This is reality versus Instagram. For you now this is so it's so much like me. It's so much not like me, like imagine, you're meeting a tinder date and the guy on the right is who you're expecting and the guy on the left is. Who shows up? You know it's so uncanny, it's so much like me and so much unlike me. Isn't it so bizarre yeah man I can't get over it? They like fixed my jaw, line, I, guess well, I guess he would be considered more like if you're trying to just [ __ ] some dumb. You know some dumb dumbs on Instagram, then he would definitely fetch more. You have to admit that probably yeah nothing wrong with him. I'd [, __ ] him. It's a lot of people on the subreddit say the Chad version of you looks like Kobe person yeah this Kobe and I [ __ ]. That version of me, it's definitely more handsome, but I, don't know what it is. It is come on, give me a break, but it's like a different person. It is I almost feel like I you'd, be cheating I'm, starting like to imagine this personality guy, it's Chad Klein, but it is it Sam. It's the same, nose, the same eyes same eyebrows, the same lips or maybe he made the lips fuller. He fixed the jawline, that's the big one. He he removed, no gray, hair yeah no double neck. He smoothed out my skin, oh and by the way I was trying to show you guys in the video itself like looking at my skin. Now it looks like I have good skin, but when you look up close and I did in stories, I have so many blackheads. My skin is so disgusting I'm telling you up close. We are all monsters that was one of the underlying things that I think the 300 IQ people missed as well. They were too busy calculating the density of the black hole of the center of our galaxy to appreciate the message that we're all monsters. We all have blackheads, we all have pores and wrinkles and cellulite it's disgusting. You know, so that's that this guy probably has a bigger dick, though, let's be honest on the right, Chad Klein yeah could just be. Compensating you know. No check line is stacked, put projared to shame um god, we've covered a lot of ground. Was there anything else to talk about with this one? No, that's it so hope you guys enjoyed the new video I'm working hard to make more content. I enjoyed that video I thought. I was very proud of that video, because I had a vision for what I want it to be something that I've been trying to envision for a while of this kind of content. That's like entertaining and breezy and fun and light and a format that really encapsulates it. I was kind of modeling it. After the Mark Zuckerberg video, the rosette gets roasted and I just I had a mission and I think that I executed it really well and I, and it was a very nice. It went very nicely. The the you know, part of the reason why we took a long break before was that the process was so miserable, and so this this process was nice. It was. It was nice from beginning to end when meaning just there. It's the whole part that you guys don't see but like coming up with the idea and then the recording part, the editing part, the planning. Sometimes those parts can be a nightmare when it doesn't go, even even as far as even the thumbnail and the title couldn't. Even but mostly it's the planning, the recording and the recording editing is always fine. So there you have it folks. All right shall we show shredder. Oh yeah hit the interest with the shredder came so sweet. Oh he's a little out of frame. That's all right! You good dad! You know this is important. I'm gonna go reframe, it um. Let's see, I've got some other stuff here. Let's just talk about some stuff defeats. The purpose of this I want to talk about pointless, Guinness, World, Records, there's two that I've come across recently that have truly inspired me. First being this is one I. Just saw fastest nose. Typer, you ask yourself it does everything need to be a Guinness, World Record? You know what I mean I didn't think of that yeah, no sniper. What what is there really competition? It's like saying, I might want to get on this I have again I have the Guinness World Record for person who can blink the fastest? You know it's like okay, you wanna get understand you want. You want to see me. Try does he have no hands or something I mean to be honest, like he's fast, but not that well he's the Guinness world record but, like you said, I mean how many people have tried. Apparently the fastest is 40 point one nine seconds: what was the sentence? Go back a little bit, it said: yeah I got you, it said: gaff, fair, it's a Guinness, World Record have challenged me to type this sentence using my nose in the fastest time. 40 points minute. Forty point 19 seconds yeah, maybe, but if he didn't have hands still there's more effective ways of typing like they're, not [, __, ], mutant freaks, like people without hands, they're, just picking everything with their nose. We have technology, they have give their voice. We have voice detection, there's no reason for it. I was try and get it home. It is really hard, but I guess you know with everything practice so that one was phenomenal dan. Do you want to try typing something with your nose? I mean it is very difficult. I might give it a shot. You're knocking [ __ ], like you, can just smash this guy. You know here: I'm gonna, try typing hi, Dan ready. Here we go hi, damn pretty close yeah. It's it's I felt like my speed. Would mashed him I. Think the problem is the accuracy yeah yeah? That's a good point. You can't see. Cuz your face is too close. You got to do it all, but I feel yeah. I! Guess, there's more to it. I gotta give him more credit. Yeah come on Dan, don't don't condescend his management's I mean he's no walnut Smasher, let's be let's be real right know that that's the most coveted of all the Guinness World Records but like is any, can anything be a Guinness World Record. Do you know what I'm saying what I think so some records just don't need to be catalogued, they've sort of been brick. That's smashing, guy! Oh there's, no way to know what that sounded. Somebody hit me with that again. Bro. That is like totally indistinguishable hit me with that one more time, all right that I've lost it. You lost it Wow. Just like that huh you can hear it actually yeah. You can hear it. There's that's pretty painful like when you know what's happening and you imagine it in your brain hit me hit me with it. Keep going yeah. Okay, so here is the largest. This has 50 million views holy God Wow, not even pro jurors penis has that many views largest human mattress, dominoes, okay, whose idea was this and how many competitors are there like how many people are competing in this category? I'm gonna mute this because the problem is stupid. Maybe I'll just turn it down, but that exactly like. Why is this the bank? Now? Why does it look like they're at work? Yeah I think it's sponsored by some mattress company. They're gonna resell those you know that they're all covered in plastic and [ __ ]. That's in there their warehouse, probably all these overweight and wants fat in it. Do you notice that? Oh it's a requirement? Probably why to make sure you know they only get fat, people I, think people I think Americans are just fat there's so many people in there. Don't you guys that better she get to do like everybody took time out of the day to do this, we're doing it. No, not everyone's fat, that just that row we what's the accomplishment, so Erin incorporated I'll hear their beer being presented, epic, oh, they got silly putty, so epic I won't watch this again. This was way too epic to only watch ones. How we can get claim for this. Probably I'm gonna dispute that all the way to the [, __ ] God, just don't block me largest human mattress dominoes, there's one row where everyone's super fat like here it's coming up like damn they're, really popping down something the guys are eating. [ __, ] kind of like on the curve, good comment, so there's a pretty fine. They probably have medics on on. Oh my god now I know why my mattress takes so long to arrive. [Laughter] dude. This is so epic. These people took place in something really special they'll. Remember this they'll totally remember this by the way you can tell here at this point, some of these dudes, like that gap is too big and some of them are intentionally falling. They are not being pushed whoa like I'm serious, like look at this guy, in particular, he's falling back that I do he barely got touched mm-hmm. That's the thing about the human aspect of the domino. The human aspect is fallible. So can we really call this a domino or do you know what I'm saying Dan ya know I'm I think it calls the whole thing into question. Yeah I'm gonna have to contest this with the official log. Can you file a fish? Oh can you imagine if you actually could get them struck from the record I kept all this no so mean I'll. Make like a video. An h3 video yeah I was I, was jokingly, talking [ __ ] about the nose typer, but at least that takes skill. This is just a bunch of people with mattresses like what is this? This isn't any record this. You just got a bunch of mattresses together like what's what's the accomplishment here, the accomplishment Dan really is how many man-hours you can you wait like how much progress productivity was lost? You know how sometimes like during natural disasters. The government will be like it was estimate or like during the Super Bowl, or something to be. Like government estimates, there was like a trillion dollars lost in productivity. This is like one of the biggest losses of productivity ever to happen in Kansas or ever this happened. I know it's Kansas because I didn't see one ethnic person and everyone's overweight I mean I. Did my talking [ __ ] about Kansas, but should I not have said that am I wrong, I I believe I saw one or two black people in there you just messed over one yeah there you go but yeah. Oh there's a black guy. Oh there's more of my talk. I'm such an [, __ ]. Don't listen to me! Don't listen to me! Cut up such a douche largest human mattress. Thomas was watch again that first guy is the first one, and that was so epic mMmmm watch this. This guy just pushes his ass. So epic, that's the push that was heard around the world. This was such an epic moment for them. I wonder if the guy who was pushing the first domino was felt bad, that he wasn't I attached to a domino. That's a good point kind of good out here. Like he's the hero that stays behind, they keep the door closed. You know what I mean, while the monsters try to get in it's an epic sacrifice, and this broke [, __ ], so epic push that Domino sick did that second guy, almost [ __ ] it up. That meant way too old to be eating. [ __ ] on a domino like that guy, like like honey broke, his legs was it for him and I wouldn't be surprised. If someone wasn't injured, though, because this is not the model of health, let's be honest and those coroner's take it hard, those coroner's take it real hard right watch the corner. They eat [, __ ] on the corner. There's a good corner shot here everyone's over this, but I'm not watch these corner shots. This guy's bracing for impact, [, __ ], a speck, those guys actually epic fall right. There dude that guy's huge all right, guys get it cuz. You know how like different mattresses, have different thickness mm-hmm one of the big ways got them up their mattresses. Okay, we wash that enough times. So there you have it pointless. Guinness records. Now next up, blushes bluffs through here guys were on a roll sanic sanic, the Hedgehog trailer dumbest [ __ ] I've ever seen in my life. Who cares about Sonic Sonic fans are the weirdest people in the world like who even asked for this movie? This look so dumb seriously. What do you think about the Pikachu movie I think it looks dumb I hate it God last night, Ian tell me how you like it and don't say you liked it I'm kidding, you can say uh well, I was in that sweet spot for pokmon when I was a kid, so it hit me on the nostalgia level pretty hard, removing that it's just very average, very average movie everyone trips out any time round. Reynolds anything I just saw the pictures like on posters of Pikachu with a hat uh-huh I just I, don't know why I can't get it off my head, but I just felt like the religious Pikachu. What, where you throw that up, I want to see religious Pikachu he's, not I bet it's just like. Why does he have a hat on? Well, let's find out: let's get to the center of this. Why does he have huh? That's a good question. Why does he have it a lot of times? Is it a Sherlock, Holmes Inge yeah he's a detective wait: okay, I have no I, so whatever I thought you an explained that this this is like a canon movie. This takes place in the the Pokemon world, I I thought this was gonna, be like there in New, York or something you know, and it's just a detective movie with pick achoo. So this is canon. This is like part of the continuity of so riah making pokemons I thought he just said Pikachu. Well, that's the thing he this is a speaking woman, I guess, I, don't know, Oh, remember the the. What was the cat that talked in the anime mouth there's precedent, there's precedent for talking, Pokemon! That's what I'm trying to say. Well, however, bad I think that looks, I understand the nostalgia and it didn't I mean if you know they made their best effort. Pikachu look true to form, but this sonic trailer is absolutely unforgivable. Sonic cycle I think Sonic just needs to go away. Yeah, it's not good. No one gives a [ __ ], like Sonic, has been struggling from the very inception of Sonic and the shadow of Mario, and everyone was always kind of down with Sonic, but at the same time it's like I think Sonic. Just it's time to just accept your fate are just doesn't have that x-factor to be a movie star. He's got that extra x-chromosome as what he's got. It's an x-factor of some sort, sorry to everybody, I offended with that joke apologies in advance. Let's watch this dumbass comp just yeah! This is watch. This I mean the Sonic games are fun, but it's not like a claim for showing this trailer. What you get a claim for showing this trailer well, that would be a [ __, ], joke Winnett I mean well whatever I'll dispute it fair enough, but like I can't get over when people are making ads and I'm sharing that ad, like can you really own an ad? It's meant to be shared anyway, I'm caught whatever he found an electric hair, pube [Music] he's so humanoid Oh creepy, it's just yeah. Well, why did he say gottagofast? Isn't that a shitty like I think is this tackling oh I thought that was just a dumb meme or maybe it was just from a meme I, don't know, but gotta go fast like hello, who says that you trying to develop like a relatable character and he's saying gotta go fast. Look how it looks it's so bad, it's so bad! It makes me angry that Sonic is like a humanoid. Go fast. Is the title of the theme song from the English version of the Sonic, the Hedgehog anime. So we've never actually said it stated anywhere like I guess and meanwhile they're playing gangster's paradise yeah, it's just no! It's not used ironic I! Guess it's meant to be ironic, but there's no like comedic Lee. You would expect gangster's paradise to go with like nerds and a tie and a white shirt like from office space they're playing gangster music as these nerds in the office, so that there's this obvious satirical use of the song yeah, but there's no obvious satirical use of gangster's paradise here, it's just sonic saying gotta go fast. Looking like a weird fanfic looks like a tumblr version of like a sexual sonic yeah that has a penis for some reason and it's coming in his own mouth. What's saving that anime were eyes, go all sideways and her tongues out. You guys know what I'm talking about I, don't think that's from a an anime specifically, though, isn't that just kind of like a trope in you know what I'm talking about I'm, the only one here who doesn't watch anime. Alright, you guys are all I know what you're referencing I just didn't know. It was from it's that one zero that one girl that everybody hates on who's like it's like their eyes, go cry: okay, let's move on it's from hentai, there's like the izybelle crossfire and their tongue is out there drooling. Well, anyway, I imagine some. This is a sonic fanfic of that is what it would look like and there's like hum all over his face for some reason, because it's on tumblr, by the way I heard that pornhub was thinking about buying tumblr back to bring porn back to Tom's awesome, that's epic they'll, just turn tumblr and so, like barn blur. Well, it was before anyway, 20 minutes ago, an energy surge knock down power across the entire Pacific I came prepared, I need someone who can figure out it since the game and where's bear that you just really think you're suggesting the Jim Carrey. Are you in charge here? Yes, I am I'm wrong, mommy charge. Allow me to clarify in a sequentially ranked hierarchy based on level of critical importance. The disparity between us is too vast to qualified agents, though the doctor thinks you're basic, listen, pal I, don't know if you bro. This is what they chose of the movie. This is the highlight of a comical pinnacle of the film. Let me translate so here's here's where this has a huge problem. People who are fans of Sonic are my age, got an explanation for you by the way. That's what I just put Oh Dan, okay, so well I! Guess: we've probably moved on pasture but comes from the genre of hentai called ahi, go where the girl is [, __, ] so hard. They make that kind of face or guy I, don't know. I ain't gay. The top comment on explaining it; okay, so they get so they enjoy the sex so much they go cross that and roll there. You go by the way. There's! No! It's no wonder you guys are in cells when you're watching that, like how can you watch that and be well adjusted to life, imagining girls going cross-eyed and drooling, because they're enjoying sex so much anyway, the people that are Sonic fans are my age, and yet this humour is catered towards 12 year olds. So who exactly? Is this for I'm? Sorry major? What was your name so so cringy dude I mean Jim Carrey uh I mean everybody loves Jim Carrey. But why did you take this movie on yeah? It's a huge question. Mark money. I would assume money, but he's so rich I mean people bet I feel like he probably gets. A lot of movie offers yeah he'll I pick. This is where I could do anything. You're right, yeah, Jim Carrey could do anything. He's dramatic he's comical he's got it all he's worth: 150 million dollars he's on top of the world. Dr. Robotnik, you read that script and you thought that was a good dialogue. Maybe these friends with the directors I'm sure you know sometimes friends call in favors. You really don't want to do some Godfather [ __ ] one day, we'll ask a favor of you that day may never come, but today is that day. Jim Carrey I have a favor to ask of you. I know that you will not want to do this, but if you're a call when you came up in your career I happen to I took out the guy I killed a man who was your competition so that you would become a star and now look how far you've gone. Jim Perry I ask you for this favor. My son is making a movie about Sonic the Hedgehog and I asked you Jim. Only you could be dr. Robotnik. This role was meant for you, Jim and might I remind you you do you owe me a favor that you cannot refuse, and so with light in my heart, Jim Carrey with this favor that you so graciously owe me. I demand that you will play dr. Robotnik in the Sonic in the Sonic movie right deal, I just looked it up, it's the the director, it's his debut first movies. His debut I mean he's worked on other movies, but this is his uh world. Debut I swear to god. There's something like that. Like there's, no reason for Jim Carrey to do this, unless he's being extorted by the god papa he's getting called in a favor right now now did you hear that the director said they're gonna, redo ya Sonic in this movie, yeah they're gonna redesign is that is an unbelievable amount of work like they've already made its you know, it's gonna be they're, probably gonna. Do it super ghetto where, like they're gonna, try to like adjust it and then re render the whole movie yep, probably I mean yeah, I feel bad and then they're like well you're already here to be honest with you, I do want to watch this film. It's gonna be such a trainer. It might be so bad. It's good consolation, doctor your basic yeah. Actually, that was his assistant translating yeah. What he did say was: what's your name, nobody cares got him. That's epic dialogue got Ian, did somebody's got dirt on Jim Carrey, there's literally no excuse for him to be in this film. His directorial debut come on I'm gonna watch this though [Music] meow I hate you Sonic. Why is his voice like that? His voice doesn't work. You should shoot him. No, he does shoot him by the way. Why, if he's so [ __ ] fast, why was he hit by a dart? That was a comment. I can't take credit for that observation, but it's true he's so fast. He broke the speed sound of speed right there on that road he's so epic, his hair is made of electricity, but he just got shot by poison dart by some Joe Schmoe. Sorry Sonic, whose voice is that I recognize the voice whose voice is that damn does Sani Oh, it's Ben, Schwartz jean-ralphio Oh, epic! No! But thank you for asking whatever this creature is. Our job is to security neutralize. It see what makes it tick and gotta be so bad, bro movie yeah. If this is the trailer - epic bed- and this is like a high budget- film I mean they have big actors, apparently I'm, not sure that they, they probably should have put more into the budget of those special effects instead of Jim Carrey. Are you kidding Jim Carrey they're, like we have 100 million dollar budget they're like okay, 90 million to get Jim Carrey? Oh, my god can't wait. This song literally has no bent this song has no bearing there's no explanation for this song. Dude he's literally look how fast he is and he got shot by poison. Dart. I've watched no problem. I took 9 million steps today, bro you got shot by a poisoned dart. How can you do all these things simultaneously, like the continuity mistake on that is so bad? Do you have your child in that bank? No I mean yes, it's a child, but it's not mine. So that's a Joe here. Child smells like bodies bringing an old ham sandwich. Oh wait! Didn't he used to say Axe body spray. I have a memory of them. You can have an end game dude, that's the worst trailer I've ever seen in my life tip, toes tip no well tip Wow, yeah I, don't know so a song like this is so good and then to not use it properly. So awful. What's his sin yeah in fact, whoever license that to them should be ashamed. Cuz when you're taking something that half Coolio wants a paycheck. God bless him. Mm-Hmm, here's my paper yeah yeah, but when you take a song like that, and you put footage with it, it's like immediately good, usually right and they [ __ ] it up. It doesn't even make sense what they did, but you're right. It's one of those songs. It's like, like you, put anything in slow motion. Yes, it's awesome. Yeah Sonic, oh my god, yeah, that's the worst! That's gonna be the worst movie ever made. I predict I'm gonna make a Rotten Tomatoes prediction for this movie: I think it's gonna get like definitely under I'm gonna make a bold prediction: cuz I think it's obviously gonna get under 50, that's obvious, but the question is how risky do I want to put myself out there. I under 10, is a bold but possible under 10 is very rare but I'm, confident to say under 20%. Do you ever I mean you know, I was gonna say like 20-something. Should we make exact number guesses and then we can compare I predict 12%, maybe eight I say 28 28. Well, that's optimistic. Do you guys have a any horse in this race? This is rotten tomatoes right, yes, Ron, tomatoes, the way they score. It's just what percent of my reviews so uh I'm gonna go with zero I'm gonna be really bold. I, don't think this is gonna. You think it's gonna get a straight. Zero I mean that's a I. Don't only happen. Is that happened yeah damn? Can you cousin, when all that means is that there's nobody that gives it the record even walk, even in like slightly positive review, which can you guys it's not really possible with a list of 0% rotten tomatoes, yeah, probably I, think the new Will Ferrell movie, the Holmes and Watson. Can you send me a link? I'm gonna, pull it up, I'm fascinated by this 0 / centers. It's an exclusive list. Ask an exclusive club, yeah I mean well barrel, hasn't made a good movie in a [ __ ] long hot minute. Here we go, Co % is definitely possibility, but the ridiculous six got a zero max steel got a zero I. Don't remember that? Oh wait, they're like mixing in hundred percents with zero presence as a stupid list. The ridiculous 6 max Steel's haven't heard of these ridiculous. Six was I. Think a an Adam Sandler straight to never saw that 0% man, that's an achievement even for our I gotta change. My guess here, cuz I, didn't know well here. Bucky Larson, born restart. Isn't that another Adam Sandler - Adam stan is like amazing, zero percent. Nobody recommended it baby geniuses, -, that's a zero John's, they're, evil, whoa, Pinocchio's, 0% I, didn't know about this. This guy Roberto been engi. He had a coaster critical acclaim when in 1997 his little film life is beautiful, won three Academy Awards right and he was like this incredible overnight success, but isn't next film a life action, retelling of the classic children's tale, Pinocchio was creepy and poorly made misguided vanity project got a zero percent I'm fascinated to watch that whoa. That's amazing, I! Don't care about $100 the revenge Pudsey, the dog, the movie super babies, zero percent, so they're out there gaudy I mean that was just last year. Another thing with John Travolta, that's a zero percent. Gaudy Mac and me I have no idea what that is. Oh Mac, you don't know what McNamee is no, but it looks awful. Oh it's amazing! It's like an ET ripoff that was made by McDonald's in the 80s. Oh, yes, a McDonald's like alright, and there are like multiple like extremely long McDonald's product placements throughout it. Oh, my good old, even for like advertisers to think you know what we're no sin, except we're gonna make a movie our own ads in it. That's so epic Mac and me only seen the scene of the the kid in a wheelchair Oh flying off the clothing off the cliff. No that's from Mac and me yeah, that's Rebecca me did it's worth the watch call it matter. There are a lot of really funny scenes and we need McDonald's. I want McDonald's and a coke, even at the thought of it. Precious cargo again, Bruce Willis has been in some stinkers, but this one is 0% a thousand words. Oh poor Eddie Murphy that guy's been on out such a long losing streak like [ __, ] 0%, oh yeah. It's such a shame. Cuz he's such a funny guy. His stand-up is so amazing, but 0% wagons, East, chump, candy yeah. He was a see you made some bad ones too. Look who's. Talking now, John Travolta has gotta have a he's on this looks quite a few times. Yeah John Travolta's got a hold some record for the most worst movies ever 0% Mary Poppins, that's 100, - super surfer, dude Matthew, McConaughey, 0% Gotti that had 0% yeah I mean I, didn't see that one but whoa god-awful. Do you know how bad a movie has to be for every single critical I've to be like I? Don't recommend you see this huh poor, John, Travolta man I, think he's only made two good movies in his whole life, which is pulp fiction and grease I, don't even like grease, but people like grease sarin in a fever. I yeah I shouldn't even make I, don't know what I'm talking about I shouldn't make I just looked it up and it looks like there's Ron tomatoes there's only been 29 movies with zero percent. Well, what the hell am I looking at this list, for let me see that one all right here, its Wikipedia page. Oh, they got a witness. What I'm talking to go? Let's get down to the nitty-gritty here. Here we go. Let's get. We got charts staying alive list of list of films with zero percent rating around tomato. Let me go by year here: let's go staying alive is actually the sequel of Saturday Night Fever, so another Travolta movie, oh oh you're, right holy [, __ ] zero percent. He might, he might be the record holder, Adam believer zero percent movies ridicu times yeah there's. This is fantastic. The Nutcracker in 3d, yes, good man, yeah Pinocchio, Eli, actually I'm very curious to watch this man yeah. Can we watch a trailer I'm intrigued by this Pinocchio? The year was 2000 -. Let me watch a trailer for this. I really wanted on a rabbit. Alright, now there's a good rabbit, although I'm so curious about this, because this guy was like the biggest deal in Hollywood yeah after have you ever hoped that fantasies could become real? Have you ever wish? Have you ever held? There's one big adventure yeah. This looks like a part. Now your wish comes true. You know this is like like if Tommy Wiseau just accidentally had a hit the first time and then they get mad. You two are just neat. He is coming to life. Music, [Music] I, see dressed like that. Oh my, don't really know. Pinocchio Holmes presents two-time Academy Award winner Roberto Benigni. Oh my cuz they're like when we got the two-time Academy Award winning we can pretty much sell anything, but the guy had only made one film that guy that trailer was whoa what's hard to watch. Even the music was like weirdly everything about it. Yes Wyatt, why is Pinocchio like a 50 year old man he's a kid he's supposed to be his child Geppetto's adopted a 50 year old man. Now that's a weird twist on a classic tale. Did you ever wish that fantasies could become reality? It's like bro. If you really care about the story, cast a kid. Why do you have to be the central character freak? Is that genius, no I, think the I have to track this one down? Well, anyway, Sonic I'm, gonna I'm, guessing a 12%, you got to say a specific number and then let's work all this yeah. Now I'm gonna write it down then you're doing zero I'm going with zero either I guess because I already went so high I'll, just lower it to 20. But after seeing this I, my feel like it's gonna, be really low. I, don't think it's gonna be zero though yeah Ian and Zach I'm saying 35 Wow. It's optimistic, I'll, go 14, good, guess, solid, good, yeah, good guess, 30 you're dreaming using choices right rules here! No! No! Because I don't want I, don't want sniping! You gotta, get it right all right. Whoever gets it exactly right gets to direct [Music] gets to direct my next film, where I star, as Woody from Toy Story and real at live-action. Oh yeah, [Laughter] Game of Thrones I, wanted to talk about mother effing Game of Thrones. Do we even get into this is like a whole thing: I'm - I'm over it - one. We're gonna wrap this up - because we're not live so we want to get it up. Today we were saying we were already have it up at one Oh God good. We need to do this live it's such a pain in the ass, because we're gonna be able to get it up to like four and then it's like way too late. I wonder if we should post on Monday morning, I know but I'm talking, yeah I know, there's a fan story that I have to sneak in before we end this podcast yeah: let's do it mm-hmm. This is so [ __ ] epic I've been talking about bad food like I'm obsessed with that. So this person sent me something that truly I love I'm a fan of your channel and when I saw the video I thought about Ethan's love for weird Instagram foods. It's not from Instagram I, don't really know what it is, but it's so weird to disturb me. I decided to share with you I, don't know the source of context. My mom showed it to me. It says new kind of pizza and Russian. Thank you, Alina Ellen, on zero. Thank you God bus. So this is fantastic. This is exactly what I love either this I just want your real reaction to this. Okay, the sound is so good -, so he's scooping french fries into a pizza box. Now he's putting mozzarella cheese over the french fries. So now he's piling on roast beef, so kind of meat. Out of a warmer I, really like roast beef right, he really piles it on man like keep scooping like I'm like dude. That's you know that's a lot of me so now he's putting on like roasted chicken on top of the roast beef. All in my pizza box, my deal on a bed of french fries back o on over the French fries to complete what he started. The fries are going supposed to do in that they going back on the roast beef and grilled chicken back on over the mozzarella for another layer of cheese, yep every corner matters. Now we are headed over to the sauce section to put on mayonnaise. We are putting on ketchup, we are putting on [Music] onion. We were putting on lettuce now on a hot bed of french fries and meat and, of course, a couple tomatoes and I love. How he just pathetically draws the cucumber on there. What there you have it delicious, that's called a Russian pie, a Moscow pie, I think they know that all right are you supposed to do it? That's the dumbest thing I can ever imagine putting on a pizza box. Well I guess they also make pizza, but they just have like this an ethnic original dish. It's probably the guy posted to his Facebook pages. Like hey, guys, here's how I kill myself mmm. Would you guys try that I mean I would take a bite, but I can never see myself ever wanting to eat that mm-hmm Zach who likes art Zach you like Arby's, so I can tell that you want to try that I'm, a sick, [, __ ]. You thought that looked good deal no I'm, not judging no I did that yeah. The part that throws me is like the vegetables like. Why would you want lettuce on top of a hot yeah, the veggies kind of turned my mouth throws me as the pizza box. Yeah, the pizza box is awesome. Do you want to eat that from a pizza box like I, think it's just epic because they make pizza and that the Moscow pie, Moscow cow pie, yeah, it's like who you kidding with the veggies. You know what I mean you don't mind them do mayonnaise! No or the ketchup, no, if they put mustard on there, then that's a no-no. Mustard is what that's the deal-breaker for ya I, don't like tomatoes either so I just feel like okay! Well, there you have it what what? What did? What don't you like? Zach cream cheese but I, do like LOX bread, which is weird you like LOX and cream cheese, but not cream? No, no! Lock spread. You know like the mix, the lox and cream cheese mix. It's a different labels, cream, cheese, Oh, interesting. What happened to you and cream cheese when you're I? Don't love bagels. So what do you eat on your bagels and lox? You know spread no, no smear, absolutely I kind of imagine eating a bagel without a schmear, so dry cream cheese, a cottage cheese yeah. So you like mozzarella cheese I, do any other weird food issues with you. That's pretty much it yeah. What's your favorite food, really good burger, burger, [, __ ], you or maybe some pizza, french fry lately? What are you? The videos, I Moscow, the Moscow, help I know favorite good! You know. I would share that with you. Zack I appreciate, if you bring in something like that, we can film it. Let's make it we can have in the intern just there what yeah I don't know. It's not really his job to go to make sure like that, I guess we're slowing down. Here we have slowed down. We have grinded to a halt. Well, we've done it all! We've seen it all. We've said it all! So there's you can play the music now Dan cuz, there's only one way to say goodbye on this god bless of God's day Friday thank God. It's Friday! Let the food guide, the czn guy that I love on Instagram, someone [ __ ], that's the lamb, god I call him. So that's an epic happy Friday to everybody! Thank you for watching. Thank you for coming along for the ride thing for the laughs, the gaffes, the goofs and the right. Thank you for giving me purpose. Thank you for giving me substance. Thank you for giving me a job and allowing me to work and make a living doing these things that I love. Thank you to the cast and the crew Danny and Zach shredder shredder. Thank you guys for your for your work and your dedication and your your your everything you do to make. This show great. Thank you to all the fans and everybody. Thank you to ela, who is my beautiful life, my wife, my life, my everything who has a beautiful I he's I can already tell he's cute. We saw the ultrasound of his face. He but she's so close I mean June 6, that's less than a month away, so we're in baby can happen anytime, yeah pretty much. So thank you to both you and Theodore. Thank you, - shredder, who has been such an angel throughout all this and is so patient and loving. We love shredder like our own son. He is our firstborn and thank you once again to everybody. Thank you to my mom for giving birth to me. Thank you to my mom's grandma for giving birth to her. Thank you to Adam and Eve who were there all swings. Um I'm gonna kill myself. This is my goodbye speech. Thank you to Adam and Eve for for being cast at the Garden of Eden and giving birth to all of civilization, because they're human cross, you got the best of them. Thank you to God -, who allowed Adam to make pick his own rib out and create Eve from Mazon ribs. That's why you're able to be here, so you should be thinking Adam for doing that with his rib. You know. Thank you. Thank you to God, for whom none of this would have been possible. There'd, be no universe, there'd be no space, there be no stars or earth, or anything for us to even be here to say thanks. So, as always, we have to end what thank you to God. Thank you to Adam, who took the rib out. Thank you to my mom - gave birth to me. Thank you guys for. Thank you. Look for giving me the think of the gases they can prove and take it. Everybody is watching. Thank you and God bless happy weekend. [Music].