- well, hello, Super, Trouper, nation army. Are we an army or nation super troopers, but we're both a nation and our soldiers? Today's episode, we are joined by the I, want to say. What's the word for someone that does a lot prolific great, it's elliptic, oh my god, you're the prolific, Sean Evans, the greatest, also zapable, the prolific Sean, Evans, legendary host of hot ones built a spicy Empire at a dream from one jalapeno seed planted now he's got the Scoville chili Reaper Wow. What's the spiciest pepper? Well, maybe pepper I actually like the reaper, might be what you're the carrot now he's got a whole garden of Carolina Reapers. He has interviewed the likes of Barack Obama yep I predict a president on hot ones. Who do you think it'll be well? We don't have many options right, but hopefully, if it's Bernie, then no he's not eating hot ones. He's not doing that Bernie! They may like burn a hole right. You see like that. Bernie feels the burn while eating it's like a very you can't own it extremely internet. It's like yeah, it's yang, I'm, surprised yang. Do you reach out to people like getting to do hot once well, like pretty all of the campaign's, almost I feel like most of them have kind of like flirted with us or reached out. So you and your well I think that if we do it I think we want to do it in like a bigger way like in a different sort of thing like not just have like one person sit down and eat ten wings, but like just set up like would have been cooled like set up and I want to actually have like three or four of them or, like oh, the hot ones, democratic debate yeah, something like that moderated over spicy wings or something. But we have like a bigger picture thing that we're like trying to put together. That's pretty cool yeah who's reached out like named somebody, I mean I'm Thanks, so yeah, Peter, yeah, nice, Klobuchar, uh, I, don't know would have to checked it, but maybe she's at it. She's worried about her Bernie Sanders yeah, like no. No, no every major campaign, Bernie sander I'd, reached out the hot ones, and you said no, not no we're trying to what we're trying to do even you're catching me. Okay, we're trying to uh the podcast I'm cornered. No, but what we're trying to do is like do it in a bigger way like we don't want to just well, maybe it'll work out that way, but it's like don't are very busy people right now so like getting all that's. Okay, so are we but getting it to all line up just right? You know hmm, because because okay I don't want to tell you how to do your show. But what do you think we should just like I think cycling, I'm, three or something? Yes most. Definitely maybe you want that one-on-one time you want to put their feet to the pepper fires. You should get Yangon there. That would be amazing. Yeah I think we're just we're just trying to do it, trying to figure out how we get more than like one. You don't I, see I, see ones how it's designed. It's like you're, more or less like it's like a de facto cosine, because you're like yeah, celebrate so we're just trying to like what's a rope. Why? But I don't really, but it is something that we're thinking about like trying to figure out how it is like a bigger. Would you what, if you do a presidential week and then the yeah I mean that would be the thing or like it's like it's a longer video we're hitting on like some of the same issues with everybody in like right, like cutting into like one episode that has like multiple well? Is it I guarantee that will get more views than all of the televised debates combined I would watch the Living God. Would you do a hot once with Donald Trump I mean again it's like one of those hard things where it's like a de facto cosine, so you want to avoid politics uh a little bit. The static is like so you know it's like it's just one of those things like I, don't know if it's like a thing that you can come back from in the same way once you do it like once you dive into it, you watch it. It is something that's like so in-your-face. Now that may be creating that sort of escapism on Thursdays is maybe something that's helped. The brand more than I understand, you're, absolutely right. Also Sean Evans is coming to truTV this month, right, February, 18th hot once t v-- show has been already canned. It's in the I mean it's in the can not cancel recorded they've all been reported, yeah you've got to how many episodes yeah like yeah, 20 and I yeah and I really do truTV by the way. That's yeah, because the impractical joke makes sense that yeah. You know there's already like an audience that understands that crossover, so it really was for it yeah and then they treated us really well and saw the vision and created this pepper, dome that like when I walked out for the first time it was crazy as like actually have I. Have the video here that I pulled up. Here's the first behind-the-scenes footage of Sean walking out and to you call it. The pepper, dome yeah like as exactly as the gladiators, must have felt look at this walking out into the Coliseum I mean really. How did you feel walking out, like? Oh, my god, because ever since we started hot ones like forever, we've been just trying to get a neon sign? No, what are you crazy know, exactly what you mean I've been wanting a neon sign since we started, and we still don't have one yeah yeah, there's a lot of it simple trying to get a neon light like that's all we've ever wanted, since we started the show and then I've been told time and time again that it's just an impossible task like neon lights, you might as well ask for the moon, yeah and then I walk down here and they have like 5,000 yeah. So tell so tell me Sean, you've gone from making a youtube show to now working on a Sun credible. Looking set like this tell me tell me about that experience. What's it like to be a host of a television show for chrissake I know. Well, it's like so different than you know. The web show it so in what looks like this public access a tea set. You know it's just this quiet room kind of like how we're in right. Now you know and then, when you go out into this, the pepper, there's 350 people and it's such a big thing. It feels like, if you were, to make something off music, huge, huge rowdy, very rowdy, like it's in Atlanta and the camera people we're all just talking us like. Oh, if you do this in LA, like everyone's blase they're only seat-filler, the regulars are the Rowdies like yeah, but and did you guys have signs telling them to react? No, it would just ended up being kind of crazy plus it is the spicy Game Show thing like I. Do. Remember it like one point, because in the final game, it's the sort of time thing and that's what leads to somebody went in $25,000 prize yeah right. So it's like five four three two and they this team got it at the last. Second, the place exploded like there's a French war game and somebody yeah. So the game is just it's naturally exciting that way, plus the people were super into it, they're all hot ones fans. So it was very much like felt like we were doing a concert for hot. So you know the format you give him the spicy. Do you go full spicy on these poor fans? Tell me about the spice of all these, these poor people they're walking in what are they? What are they faced with on the spice level? It's insane I mean uh, it's I, don't think I, don't know it is so crazy. Like we had a puking problem when we were doing aisle and a problem, we were probably at like a 20%. Do you leave that in the show I haven't seen the sort of end result of it, but it'll probably like be a little bit more polished, but it is a dangerous, crazy show. We'd have medics come on, not every team even gets through the three rounds like it's nuts. Are you know this is like it's not something that you could do with a celebrity I'm assuming yeah. We had that little joke. We could never x-factors sometimes had celebrity edition episodes, x-factor or a fear factor how fair, fair yeah so I wonder where there is crazy, yeah as a fear factor, connoisseur I was shocked, but they did stop doing the celebrity episode, though, and the celebrity a god. It was like Coolio by the way, just as enough one, his episode and so I was very proud of him. He lost dear episode. Well, but it'll live for. Those who don't know was your most tragic interview. The interview was fine. It was just the collapse at the end. You know the bravado gotten the best of Coolio there at the end, and so did you have any guests on the show who suffered the same fate as Coolio move. Any hospital rides any doctor visits I think Christie married in there right. No no I mean on the game. Show oh yeah on the game, show yeah yeah I think we had. We had medics on site, yeah we'd have medics on set they'd be having to like they'd have to meet with the contestants and commercial breaks. All the time be like taking vitals, it was [ __ ]. It was pretty crazy. Anyone [ __ ] their pants um, not that I could tell, but you know it's spot, it's a likely right when they do the the deep dive documentary I'm sure that something like I look I. You know well, but it was nuts, it was really. It was really it's such an intense show. It really is crazy and people are pushed to the brink, like the the worst effects that I've ever seen of anyone on spicy food, like top ten of them, are on this game. Show like it's. You know it's, it's totally a different thing and I've seen some crazy stuff. What are you serving them? Is it just like from this beginning all out like it's not that much food? So that's always what I'd tell the contestants and they're coming on, because it is such a jarring thing, they're nervous, well, they're, nerville, the context of is insane. It's like. Okay, hey, you've, never been on TV before we're gonna put you in the middle of the pepper, dome, put a bunch of cameras on you feed you like the spiciest wings imaginable, and is it the spiciest hot sauce they use on hot ones, or is it different yeah? It's hotter, it's hotter than it's Wow, and why is it like proprietary? Did you something yeah? The sauces are made. You know for the show. Well, that was like a whole Rubik's Cube that we had to solve. You know I, remember like very early on, even when it was just me in like a conference room and they moved the a scout and I'm just drilling games and stuff and we'd have contestants, and you know trying to figure out like because if nobody reacts to the first wing can't be like hot ones, we're slowly right, no time nobody's making it to the first commercial break, yeah yeah yeah, you know so it comes out in such a crazy way. Ours people they're back on their heels. But what I'd always say is you know we open up the first act with the wing? Second act with the wing and the third act. You're like going up this mountain Covell and with every question you get right like the more money you get, you have to keep eating so higher the altitude, the tougher the climb sort of situation. So you have to win the 25k. You have to basically it's it's three wings and like a shot of hot sauce. Oh all, the way at the end yeah. What do you call that when the windows Christian people like masturbate, and then they wag you late? What do you call that yeah come on? What is it? Dan? Isn't: flight flagellate? It's when you whip yourself, you're sinning, that's like what they're doing yeah somebody [ __ ], their pants, I'm, sure, I'm, sure, I'm sure I'm about to [ __ ], my pants unrelated last week. He almost did the show yeah I didn't when I don't get when I don't know, go to break early but I when I don't poop before the show I, always I'm turtle. Necking. Are you turtle making right now quite turtle knocking? But you know people look mock, I'm, not gonna talk about [, __ ] too much, because people always like even let's go like there's gotta, be more to talk about. I. Have a question: have you was it hard to adjust to working on a television set and team and like process yeah well cause it's totally different? You know and hot ones, just like here. You know you have such a small team. You know five six people in your orbit and you know you're kind of calling the shots on down sort of thing, and so that's in a lot of ways how hot ones is and then, when you do get this thing, you know there there's a lot more moving parts. I remember when we took the picture for like the rap photo at the end of the game, show as like wow, it's like a full stage full of how many people, if you you know probably I, don't know it's like one of those things where it's probably you know it could be like I'm, probably missing this number, but I think you know like we ended up giving like cuz I, shot it around the holidays, yeah I'm more than that, like probably close to a hundred yeah boots on the ground like more the other people, do I, don't know they all are out. There all seem busy and stressed yeah they're all running around I, but it is crazy. I mean I mean it's a lot. It will off it's a huge set and probably want to capture everything. So there's a lot of cameras and yeah. You know what the budget was per episode: uh, no, not I. Don't know it's probably a lot at least twenty five thousand for the for the dang prize, and then that's no got a hundred people working yeah I could start doing I. Think it's like one hundred two hundred thousand three hundred thousand, maybe yeah I- think that's kind of like the minimum three hundred thousands of minimum yeah, okay, chill John Evans we've come what about the IP you on the IP? No I don't touch the I I! Don't have you know the IP is uh [Music] locked in a box with me on the outside, but but I'm, not a mmm. You know is that a problem, no not really I mean I. Think you know at this point: we've been doing it for like so long and you know who knows where it goes or like how big you always just feel like you catch lightning in a bottle so like month over month, you just kind of like build on that, but um I, don't know what, if you think about it in like terms of like your career being like a much longer time period, you know like is this one project of many is everything you know what I mean and if it is I mean ultimately, like you know, maybe I'm an idiot for thinking this way. But I was just like lucky to end up here. Even in like this position and I'm, a chicken wing talk, show host and stuffs pretty good. So then you start thinking about that and now yeah and it's got a smile and that's a healthy way to look at it. I don't care what if I were? If I was you I'd be bitter? Well, of course you would be, but if I was you because you made you are comments, you writing your partner, Chris right right, whose hey Chris, can we could you just say hi? Do you know what he looks like no I've seen him in those who know? No. Those are those crazy that there is he's active. So he is the you guys. Are partners Yeah right mm-hmm. So if I was you guys, yeah yeah I can't imagine we take some notes because you guys are hot ones. You guys made the show I mean I, I, just I, don't know who has that yeah? It's gotta, be this complex right? Okay, you might say it's complicated, yeah yeah! Well, you know it's! That's! That's our goal like in the context of right. Are you more citizens? Yeah I mean Tim of the TV. Show you man over the TV show yeah. If we're lucky enough, we'll run it back. It's gonna be gone yeah. So it's you can always renegotiate stuff, no yeah exactly and it's it's a good team man. Well, last time I saw you, you were feeling underappreciated, yeah well, I feel a little bit better, now you're feeling more appreciated. That's good, at least there's that yeah exactly I feel. Are you feeling more appreciated are much more appreciated, much more appreciated! Last time we met you're, sure, yeah and well-deserved. Thank you. I appreciate that Ethan, it's very, very well-deserved and Chris. Are you feeling uh very, very, very much more appreciated. Give me some put your hands up if you're feeling appreciated what I'm good, if you're more yeah, he pudding he's putting on very high yeah he's putting up as high as you can and that's an important thing too. You know for for us to feel that you know absolutely fully that's kind of like what I was supposed to be yeah, but I need a pretty face too bright. Yeah I need a pretty yeah. What is Chris do who look where's Chris is, is the mastermind behind first, we feast which, before hot ones, why James Beard award-winning website and then uh? You know he's the one who came up to me and is like I. Have this idea? What if we like, interviewed celebrities but had the meat increasingly spicy, like really good chicken wings over the question interview and then I was like. So what did he wait? What was your what we were just yeah? We were just uh, we were just chummy, you know we just had a good vibe, good, creative energy, and we never really worked on anything before, but we just had like a good sort of like water-cooler vibe to each other, and so you know we'd spent a lot of time chatting and it was just all off of vibe, and then he had this idea. It's not like. We had high aspirations for it or anything. You know like throwing this idea out into the ether and then uh the way it hit. My ear is just like so funny. I'm like we got a, we got a strike, there's one of those ideas. Sometimes ideas occur me where I'm, like that's genius, but then you almost don't trust yourself, you're like well, it's also kind of stupid yeah and that feeling well, we it's not like. We ever thought it would end up. In a point like this, you know like we thought we could be an Internet sideshow for a little bit and do this thing and have fun with it. But we never, but it sounds like you did, have a very like focused vision from the beginning. Yeah, that's true I think, but that combined with the way the audience rallied around it. You know- and it's we didn't- have a big audience at first, but they were cold like they were so into it and they were like. We can't wait for the next step. They had such an appetite for it yeah, and that really is what fueled us, because we're like okay. Well, we can't just like cycle through people and have meat scorching hot wings like if this is gonna have legs. We have to like combine this hook with it being a very fascinating interview, show that could stand on its own as an interview show, and then, if we can combine these things with the post-production, then we might have something yeah and then that started. Probably you know we started aligning with with maybe bigger profile stars and all of that just kind of happened at the same time, at a time where, even you know, the the YouTube space is growing, you know like it all had to happen at like a very specific time. I, don't know you guys have gotten so big at this point. I, don't even think you can have youtube stars anymore. To be frank with you, Sean I think they are below your pedigree. Well, I, I, but I. Thank you, I think I. Don't even think you can know [ __ ] with someone like me anymore. No, no, no I! That's a me! Yes, no I think that uh I think the move is that you want to keep a foot in both worlds. You know like, like I kind of like having a name, a youtuber you want on you, don't want you to don't I, don't blame you well I, don't know, but but I'm, but you know you're kind of you help me in this space. You know what I mean like I'm. Not you know like you. You understand, I. Think the YouTube zeitgeist in fabric- yes better than I- do hmm I, don't know it's not yet, but we believe we yes, yes, whoo-hoo I would who do you think would be the best interview and then who do you think would know I'm dead, serious I. Don't think you want youtubers on your show, it's a it's well, one that would be great, is created by oh yeah, yeah PewDiePie, but see. Is that too controversial for your show? I mean I've, I've I've, never I, don't I'm, not that yeah. You don't know that deep, but um is he's kind of hard to get to yeah he's so busy he's all over the place. He's not here. That would yeah right, but like I'm gonna, genuinely try to think of, like david dobrik would probably huge yeah and we've hung out a couple times and yeah like. I think that on the shortlist you know like when you ask like well you're like you're like when you win you're in the position where, like I've, got Shaq available this week, I've got who's the one that's coming out next week, Margaret Margot, Robbie and I've got david dobrik. It's like wow come on, but but I think that keeping you know like one foot in the in that sort of mainstream one foot. Okay, would you have on this? Isn't even that good of a game? Would you have on okay, we're not gonna get a station he's like the new, a douchebag of YouTube, he faked his girlfriend's death and then yeah, but it was no. She acted like she really died and cried and everything, but she didn't bet. He also called her ghost like on them away: G board: oh wow, it's awesome. I'd watch that yeah yeah I'll have to dig in to dig into the creek yeah. Do some recon Jane know I might be James Charles, but he's you yeah use huge. Then I convey industries here, people the thing is on YouTube - people are so toxic. The fanbase is like I feel the people would generally get angry there's a lot of someone on that. They don't like. It does seem like when we do Wars yeah there's it's a weird thing: mainstream media people are always like cool. We love that yeah. Well, it is it's a little strange I mean Shane Dawson, yeah I feel like that would hit right, but absolutely though yeah I think he would shoot his pants, though I don't know anything about it, but I have a feeling. I got more questions. Don't worry that aired a dare -. Dare okay, let me so since the last time you were on here, you have achieved what nobody thought was possible. Well, Gordon, Ramsay yeah was that your biggest white whale, your ultimate guest, yeah I, really was I, really think that the internet peer pressured us into because yeah I feel like he was feeling that same thing like he came in knowing that this was a day that would like live forever on an Internet because he went all out. He did the sketches yeah. You guys did all this crazy. Promo I mean he was all in with you guys. Yeah I mean it was one of those things like when we first started the show that was the biggest request and it gotten so big that it doesn't matter like I could post, like a picture of me like like a burger that I'm eating at a restaurant and all the comments are like Gordon Ramsay show, and so it wasn't so much that you wanted him. It was that not the fates had brought you both together, well, I, always think of I. Always think of that means. The show kind of in that way is that I. You know the fact that you end up in this feedback loop with YouTube like one of the good things about it is your audience, can like really tell you exactly who they want on the show, I'm sure that that even shapes and informs what you have for yeah, because you can see who the audience is and that's why the people watching it feel like a special connection to the thing so I always I. Always that's important to us. Not that, like we need to do every episode exactly what the audience wants. All the time, cuz yeah you know, sometimes the magic of hot ones is that we take somebody in showmen in like a deck Quentin. You know that would be amazing worked for for jumped what he did for John Travolta, that's a big dead air someone they didn't, expect and breathe. New life see my comment less random but worse, but like Gordon, you could tell it felt that morning. You know. I still remember, as in LA is very cloudy. It felt like a playoff game or something you know like going through the office that morning right buttoned up, you know like a business trip sort of thing. Well, they won't let us halfway on that for sure they were right, because that episode hit 50 million. Now he is, which is absolutely now tell me. Was it like to sit face to face with Gordon Ramsay? Were you nervous to serve Him yeah dude woah yeah, like let's start with the food sure of all the food? You know I think he he'll play into that like it's not like he's gonna come on hot ones, where we have gotten a lot better I'm. When you served me, they were like very old yeah. You care. It came at a at a rough time in our they were sitting up for, like yeah yeah we're still in our infancy. But that's it's kind of cool, though, as we go back so far, were you the first Youtube guess that we have I, think maybe I would I think maybe you had one other I think I maybe was think if you guys I, think you guys blaze that trip and I do I'm very happy. I have to smile yeah to what the episode we did yeah my favorite thing that we ever did, but I will say that the wings were I fear if I was if I was, if they weren't slathered in bacteria killing poison I would have that word yeah. We had a lot of those complaints early on. We have turned that around and so the wings that Gordon ate were there pretty good wings I stand by him. Okay, but he's gonna come in there and he's gonna like from the wings like at one point. I think he was even like. Is this expired? It says like bottle like that was just like. Was it really expired? No, like the sauce that we made that he pulled up, wasn't even didn't wasn't even around it was nicotine he was making that up. Yeah yeah that yeah, but that's it. That's that's the Gordon Ramsay side and that's what makes him such an amazing entertainer, but he's he was a teddy bear and was awesome to work with and he's the man like I'm a huge fan, yeah I love his uh. They could watch every single day, yeah, Wow, yeah, he's and when he left after it was all done, tell me: did you guys all be like I can't believe that just happened yeah there are certain times or we're just like hugging like we wanted something. You know. That means it's a Super Bowl exactly so, at the end, we're just you know me and Chris went out immediately. It was like 1 o'clock in the afternoon we're just like grabbing old fashions at the bar. You know, I knew it was a masterpiece, yeah yeah, the fact that it happened. But then you do have a lot of pressure on that moment and on that thing yeah, but we felt like we just executed it and when we posted the video jubilation yeah and then we had like a little teaser lots of teasers were getting crazy hype. Yeah as a video dropped was the immediate reaction was insane views right, yeah, massively yeah, never something that we've never done before and I, don't know if we'll do it after 50 million. That's that's no joke! That's high level, [ __ ], pretty popular, but something that is not a music video, yeah long-form yeah yeah interview come on, but that's all that that was just the fans. I was just like that was the internet. Making that happen. Sean Evans, the spicy captain. We are gonna, take a quick commercial break, we'll be right back. We have so so so so so much more dead air ahead and on good content, I mean presumably guys we'll be right back after this short. Do you guys got to cut me off Dan, because I can never just throw it to the brake. I got just be like hello and welcome to the sponsored portion of the h3 podcast. Today we're wasting a little bit of time for the bathroom break. We've pre-recorded this because we are don't have any sponsors today. We have sponsors on friday's episode, so today I would like to let you know that Teddy fresh has a brand new collection out. Don't ever talk to me or my son again hoodie by popular demand has been restocked, beautiful, gorgeous forget about it all. These are brand new Ted, all-over, hoodie, MMS and white I'm, not white power. This name is fine back in Ventura. If you wore red, there was like this gang peer pot and if you wore red, it meant white powers like a word thin. So this is the white power hoody, not a good way to it. But if you like red and cream colors, it has nothing to do with racial supremacy. This one sold out, so unfortunately, you can't get it anymore, but here it is, it's very cool. The one that L is wearing is one of the most beautiful pieces ever designed. Yes, that was the sound of my phone going off and I didn't mute. It look at this. It's so beautiful came out, so beautiful stand up and and just show it off or julilah. Go ahead, don't be shy, show it off yes, Teddy fresh with rainbows and clouds give it a twirl show the back. It's an endless sky. My god is beautiful. Our idea, alright, careful about you're gonna, tear the hole. Oh, this is sold out guys, so don't even think most of these pieces will not be back to ya. Oh yeah, don't even think about trying to buy this. That's why you got to be a little bit faster. This came out only on Thursday of last week and we have a lot sold out or we are going to get more of the long sleep I've got to be quick. You got to be quick out here on the Teddy fresh. This is let me click this because you really the whole overview. This is called the acid trip and I love it kind of our new acid logo and then on the on the arm sleeve the arm sleeve. What up you've got these uh blots? There's not really good photo of it yeah well, but it's like obscured by the shirt you get the idea, though regula mm-hmm, you got it in navy. You got it in what all right forget about it. We still have some of those this one. We have a lot of it's pretty outrageous, but I'll tell you what I love it I think it's beautiful came out beautiful. These are sewn on patches, so try to find that look at that. It's hot super hot fire designed by yours. Truly, not me ela! This one I named, you may know ribbed for your pleasure. I thought that was funny name ela vetoed it, but then I went to the peanut gallery and they all said it was funny. So we went with ribbed for your pleasure and but the next shirt you I, designed this one I drew it I designed it. I did everything it says teddy fresh and green looks like grass, and then the Y goes up into a flower and then there's a honey there's like a bumble bee here, I'm wearing it right now, it's embroidered. It looks amazing, I love how it came out and yes, I'm, very proud of myself on this design. You like do you have any words of encouragement for me, I like it. Thank you anything else. I like it anything additional I do not like it. That's don't! Why would you say that reversible, twelve bucket hat, how long we've been going down three 1/2 minutes? It's not that bad did. So. This is a black buck, a hat with our logo except psych. You put it inside out and you got frickin cool ass print. That looks dope also the same as the red and matches the hoodie cool, ripped red, bucka, hat psych. It's got prints inside. That's what makes it reversible folks and there you have it. So that's what we've got going on here on the Teddy fresh calm website, get it Wow supplies last. It's in high demand that people are or pounding at the gates. Lesson. Remember that the guy at the mall! Why won't you? Let me in I demand to be able to shop. These are the kinds of people are pounding at the gates of the TAFE fresh website, so get it get in there quick while supplies last right ela. What do you mean? No, your! This is your company! Yours, you! That's! You know you can help me sell this [ __, ], mm-hmm, all right, I! Think we've got we've done enough here, right, Dan, yeah, okay, okay, thank you guys, we're right back with Sean Evans. We are back with Sean Evans Chris was in here. What were you guys talking about? Oh well, you're talking to a queer talking about a David, Letterman, Jesus and marrow, and then they were talking about hot ones, because, oh so I so you're just he was filling me in on not what I said. Wait Letterman was on what Jesus and marrow the Showtime show they're like these two guys they actually did how I'm still worse so Letterman knows about hot ones. Yeah. He was saying yeah, I, love, Dave, so yeah, that's why Kristen's telling me, but he was I'm Nam playing telephone with like the information, but he was like that. Letterman said, Jesus Mara, like I, saw you guys eating hot wings. So now they just filling me in now that you've got Gordon Ramsay yep. Who is this next person that the fates you feel are are pulling you gravity yeah I think like the loudest names now are probably like Keanu Reeves or something wow. It's I can see him doing it. Keanu yeah yeah yeah. So that's that's right now, probably the loudest name, but then I'm like what then you know all of a sudden I'm, just I'm just trying to just catch white whales, all the time yeah and what we're in well Will Smith, would be very mean tasked with uh-oh. That's hot yeah, yeah yeah yeah, you know, Billy Eilish was on your show, I. First of all, I'm a fan she's mega Talent, my god, it got it's at 31 million views in what like six months, I'm winning the prize, the second biggest episode. Yes, it is yeah. I was a little bit well. I knew it would be huge like sometimes right. Sometimes you know like speaking of audience or whatever I remember when we dropped that, like you know our audience like who, like whatever weight, she's enormous now, you know here's I think like it was just so we knew that it would be bigger like than the hyper on it like. We knew it would be big, but but yeah I don't know it's that's great. Yeah I think like it's like bigger than you know, like Kevin Hart episode, like whatever I'll tell you that I think the third most popular is Shaq at 19 makes sense to me, which was one of the most memorable episodes of all time. Let me go in, and maybe you have some you have some big meme episodes. Oh my goodness! This is one of the top names of the century by the way. How Jack is such a such a character he's awesome? We went down to Atlanta to shoot what they claim my podcast for playing this no I, don't I, don't touch the IP I, don't have lawyers I by the way my own place recently took down one of our videos worldwide block I did x2. Oh, oh I said Sean complex, took down our whole entire podcast. You did I didn't get well. Why I didn't understand what you that meant I said for I said. Can you do me a solid as a homing in for this I said you were talking, I thought it sounded like you did it I thought you were talking about it being like a news event like they took down your video in Florida I. Think it just sent it to the wrong people. We cut it. Yeah like what is this I was yeah, they were I was like I, don't know. You've been I was like this there's there's the powers that be are taken even this videos down like get this up on the blog ASAP. Well, if I didn't understand, if our um, if our podcast gets blocked worldwide, I'm coming I'm gonna, let you know listen, you got the person on the phone right, you're, pretty big up in complex organization, but I. Don't think I, don't think I, don't know if I am I don't know, but but, like you know, like I, don't know who - yeah, I wouldn't know, I, wouldn't know who to email about that. I. Don't think you don't have a person that does your digital rights, you don't know who that is Chris would know yeah, probably Chris Chris. You know Chris. How are you and Chris how high is Chris in the complex organization? He's we feast, yeah yeah, he's a big deal. This is a big deal. Yeah Chris would know who to eat miss get on the month. You had a problem. Chris would know, put Pat on the no idea I'm on Chris Chris Chris, when you're, okay, okay, Chris Chris, can help us Chris. What is your title within the complex organization? What do you say? Gm of Phrygia fierce beast? What is general manager, yeah, yeah, General, Motors, General Motors? The first week he's CEO of chicken wing, so how many people do you report to Chris I mean how many people are above you and I'm the head of the first, we feast brand okay, which ladders into complex networks. So if you guys need something done, okay, so wait. So when caught one there's decisions made about first, we feast do you need to go to anyone or your though you'd the buck stops with you. We make creative decisions, but, of course they're. You know legal and- and you know their revenue decisions, that'll be collaborative collaboratively. Yes, okay, and do you own a piece of the IP of first we face? Are you an entertainment lawyer, yeah I know some that's the problem. When you create a show like you guys, it's a runaway success. You don't get that you don't get the lawyer involved early enough because you just don't even know into, but at the time that I came out like who's to know. You know that it wasn't like that. I think that uh, the the things that made hot ones possible like a thing that could be successful, we're not things that even existed when the show started. Here's what I here's my game plan for you guys and you're doing it right! Chris! Are you listening he's all yours just for both you guys yeah, yeah, yeah and you're, doing it you're doing it perfectly you get it so big you've got the TV show you've got the coop show is already got this incredible momentum, that's uncontrollable! That's when you say we quit, and you mean it address me. I know this from people who have done this with the biggest IPS. You can imagine that I can't say, but you there knows what I'm talking about you say if we don't get a piece of the action we're done and do you know what they're gonna say? Yes, you get it, maybe maybe or don't go in with this attitude or no I. Think like at some point. You'll just be like at some point. It's like a thing, any point: you're gonna with the body of work. You know that you feel fine. Turning the page on it yeah, you know what I mean at that point: I guess you seemed content. Um life is good. That's that's like no, you well I, think you're good, actually I would say that Ethan I yours I've gone to quite a bit. Well there you have it ela, apparently you're wrong. Do you think I'm overstepping my bounds? Ela? Perhaps that's alright, it's pockets. This is just interesting, but no I did too and I yeah I just saw one I like this. I want to look after these guys. Yeah yeah I. Think that that's where it comes from is just sort of like the creative flag. You know that you're trying to fly and imagine Jerry Seinfeld didn't have a piece of Seinfeld. The guys were. Oh he's like oh well, yeah I made 20 million dollars, no cepheid's a billionaire eula wool, hot ones. Ain't Seinfeld! Well, not yet Yeah right right, but I could see syndication. Can you send a gate? Youtube video no come on. We need to know what's going on here, but he's happy you're happy! That's what I care about! Thank you I appreciate him, but that is true because that's like what comes after us is just totally the wild wild west, where it's true like nobody owns the pipes anymore, you know, and people are able to pop from inside their bedrooms or their garages or like with one camera or something, and maybe you do end up in a position where something larger can be the sunlight in the water that helps that seed grow into something bigger, or maybe you don't need that. So it's a good lesson and to whoever's watching this. That has an idea for the future, like whatever you know and in a way to lock it down and own the biggest part you can, while being strategic about how you can make it grow so on the TV. Show you just you're getting a fee per episode. Is that out? That's how it usually works, yeah yeah, exactly good good at 20 episodes. There's a big order for the first season game shows are awesome, I, always think about the the jobs and entertainment that no one ever leaves, and it seems like no one ever leaves they don't show. No one ever leaves a game show and that's because you can just you can shoot 20 episodes and like some thank you help. So you guys shot 20 episodes. How long do you shoot those in um? We were in Atlanta for two weeks to do that. You know, and how long is that season gonna run a truTV. I may not remember that's up to that's up to people who you know not me, but like yeah you can, that could be I, don't know. I could end up being like like on a game show or whatever you can end up doing like a year's worth. The show isn't like less than a month or so you know in a couple weeks. I was the scheduling, grueling yeah, it's crazy, it's crazy, especially at that time. That was definitely I'm, probably in the middle of the busiest two three months that I've ever had in my life mmm, you still made it here so made it well, of course. Of course, I made it here but uh, but because we were ending one season had that, like around the holidays break wood, you know most people would use to spend time with family and no no, no hammer that up and then hammer up like the next season of the show that we're doing now, and so that was all happening like 1 2 3 like back to back to back so you're on the tail end of this extremely busy period. Yes, I must feel so productive, yeah yeah. It feels good and then I also feel - like right now. It feels like all right. Will you just shovel the driveway almost done and then it just like snows again yeah, but it's all good stuff, like it's all a blessing? It's just you know opportunity's, beginning other opportunities and then just trying to make the most of out of all of them. Mm-Hmm I think that shows gonna be hit. I can't wait to watch it. I'm gonna DVR that [ __ ] right when I get a she ate that do you know that work? Do you get views on DVR like that? The braiding yeah right because they're big into DVR, okay, that's great yeah, yeah DVR. That I was wondering how they do ratings on TV. It's just. They can't that into the rating. Okay, good, oh yeah, kids I always think about that like when they do album sales and stuff and they're. You know what I mean I'm like now: there's a total [ __, ] yeah, I'm kind of like what is it they do. I know you know about this feel that they, these artists start bundling their albums in when you buy something else, and then it counts. As a sales like you buy like a oh and you got a free yeah, you buy like a [, __ ], a towel, a towel and they're like oh, you got a free album of new of a new iPhone update, and then they do YouTube and then that counts as a sale, all kinds of tricks. So what I'm gonna be doing for Sean is setting up I, wonder if, like I could set up a thousand TV yeah in the yard go into like a Best, Buy or something and then CPR, maybe yeah DVR farm yeah. Oh good, you won't need it though how's your love life. Now that you're a big star, it's good yeah! That's good! Yeah, expand on that! Yeah yeah! You know, I'm dating yeah. Tell me who's the lucky lady well I. You know like if you're following on Instagram and could figure that out yeah. What's her name Natasha and how long you guys been dating like a year and a half I have to say she's, very beautiful! Thank you yeah. She is. She is a model yeah yeah she's like a Miss, California and stuff. Did she win Miss California, yeah, Miss California, this state notorious for the most beautiful women in it you're a girlfriend won the title, yeah yeah, who would have thought? Do you know her as Miss California yeah, no yeah, just Natasha [Music] wow, it's great Sean Evans, pulling miss California boy. Yeah I mean not your handsome guy. You dress: well, you look good, but did you imagine yourself pulling Miss California, that's I'm, saying like I? Did you need your IP and stuff but I'm like laughs, yeah, [, __, ] IP when yeah? Well, we were just like friends for a long time like she does the same sort of thing like she's on camera and stuff. So we were just friends for a long time and then ended up. You know you made a move, yeah move what'd, you say I think it was like well I think this is one of those things were just like hanging out and then we were just like just kept hanging out and then talking the next day, and then that turned into like a year and a half sort of thing and a couple drinks. It was her mama where you asked her out. Were you like, hey bro, she like hey, I'm, interested in you like? How do you not to that moment? Oh I, can't really I mean I, think it was just uh. Just kid I, don't know just kicking it. If I'm a very, very natural moment, they need to ask for consent. Do you ask for consent? Did your wife like herb the first time you guys had sex? Did you ask for consent at every moment, I'm still a virgin yeah yeah I'm, assuming too much mmm John Evans Wow? How far we've come. This is a spicy pod, yeah hearts racing over here. Are you in love, yeah, I'd, say: okay, you guys tell each other, you love each other Wow. Do you guys watch The Bachelor yeah? We watched it last night. We forgot to watch it. Wasn't a good app I! Don't change the subject. You actually did. It was a good app, the guy he like cut. Is he cut his face open? Oh right, the fame walk, golf cart and he matched his glass against his head, [ __, ] and then because they would kept. They kept click betting that he had this like permanent scar on his face, but it turns out he just walked into a golf club, yeah yeah you just what he walked into a golf cart and then, when he walked into the golf cart, he was like stunned and then like slammed his glass against his head. So he had this like enormous gash that they're trying to cover up the whole time, that's I. Remember there was helicopter rides, is a good episode. I've got you gotta feel pretty good. Do that you're dating Miss California I'm, just looking at Shauna being The Bachelor! This guy right here did ya see. So, let's carry it over. So you guys uh IPA. She you guys live both in New York. Currently, no. She lives in California, but I. So I spent so much time back and forth. That is a lot of traveling but I'm on that I'm. On that flight. I'm on that flight, like every week, I hate you know, so you live in New York. She lives in LA. How often you guys get to see each other like as many days is not like. We probably I, spend as much I at this point probably spend as much time in LA as I do in New York. Are you gonna move to LA? What's going on here yeah? Why are you in New York? Well, Kris is in New York the whole operations in New York. You come out here to New York, so we come out here to shoot and then like sometimes like we'll travel with the editor or whatever. So it's a show that'll just kind of it's like a traveling show so where my home base isn't all that important one way or the other, but the whole operation is a New York. They fly you first-class. That was a that was a win. You know it took me. It took me years to get to that point, but uh yeah, starting starting right now. Well, you know what, when they fly your ass, that much you got a flying comfort. No, it's like total GameChanger yeah. You know, like you know, there's so many red eyes that you're like whatever but like. Not that not that it's like you know, I, don't know it's not a sob story or shows that in your agreement they have to fly first class now or yeah I. Don't know that I don't know the letter of the law in that in the contract or anything, but I feel like you've arrived I feel like I've, there's a good chance that, when I check into my flight that the thing coming back is gonna be a good, a good seat know. Increasingly, it seems to be going that way. So it surprises you when you check and you don't know what your seat yeah well, sometimes there's only so many there's only so many at the front and then we have to. We have to move so like last. Second and just grab the next fly, and so do you fly with the rest of the crew? Well, we have like an LA crew and we shoot in LA, there's New York who travels on the plane. Maybe Chris will travel, Dom Chris isn't close [Laughter], they call it the Shawn close the curtain on you, Chris literally, he turns his head. Yeah yeah he's like cnl a loser, yeah, that's beautiful. What else we got Oh bill burr was on. Was he difficult be honest because he was like bill burr yeah, ruined my life and Theo's? We talked about it really Theo von. What happened he's just he's just very difficult he's. My family had a think. We had a Redemption episode, redemption yeah, which went well yeah. It was Redemption yeah, yeah I can time I had a whole Redemption on the first time. He put me on antidepressants literally what yeah it was that bad no way I swear to God. So how was your experience with Bill Bert and to be honest because he doesn't care, he doesn't listen, yeah yeah! No! No, it was actually it was. It was a good, positive, really positive experience like there's. Definitely some anxiety because, like you, could go on YouTube and see like you know, it's like the biggest Bilborough him like yeah destroy, but no it's pretty positive. There's a positive experience. It was a you know. I was definitely like a little bit. You know there's certain episodes that maybe you walk in and they have a different kind of pressure to him and that definitely I felt like that yeah. You know, but it was a good positive shoot experience. Definitely how do you do with the wings? Did he eat them all? It was great yeah he well. He like he understands cuz I, think hot ones at its core is just like, naturally, a comedy showcase, so he understood the hook and it was like yeah. My thing is to like sweat through this thing, so he you know it's not like. He needed any selling on the concept like you didn't like he understood it, so yeah Hugh goes in there and I think he did find it like a novelty bizarre experience. You know so I think that uh it was. It went like that was one of those where we were like high-fiving at the end, Scarlett Johansson you even had on yeah I mean that's a list yeah. How did you look in person? She's uh, she's, amazing? She was actually like. That was probably the most hyped sort of after the shoot thing that we've ever had went that well and it was like kind of like a crazy hard season to pull off like we were just just like a lot of you know. Just it can be a roller coaster once you're in the production, because it's just all moving so fast and then uh. That was the last shoot of the thing, and then everyone was going on vacation, alright Scarlett, so it had like so much on it and she was like amazing. Through it did you were you ever close enough at any point to smell her? No because when you're sitting at that table, it's just all you get his spy, so I get his wings. Okay, and did you say anything about me? I'm just kidding oh yeah, yeah I'm just trying to make obviously yeah just being stupid right ela! It's like bad joke, yeah! That's exactly what it is! I just trying to make a life here, NAT Natalie Portman! Did she say anything about me. I'm trying to yeah I think she said she asked about you. She subscribes and Halle Berry you had on actually I think she has a restraining order, so she probably didn't mention me no I, think so yeah. This is my joke. Section section you know you're a dad. Now did these make you uncomfortable, then just not! Yet it's not that good I've! You wrote those jokes buckle up. The thing is like I want. You know: yeah yeah buckle up whoo I'm curious. Would you ever have someone like OJ Simpson on the show that would be epic yeah yeah I mean like there's a certain the internet, enos of it all like kind of, is one of those things. I don't know. I, don't live that yeah, exactly I, don't think it's worth it! What about our Kelly? You ever got out now how [ __ ] hats they have the head, take the they convicted a criminal's episode yeah or do criminal I like a criminals version for sure, like the gunner like here here it's like monetary part, one is called hot ones: dark side, Kevin, Spacey after dark it'd be a problem. Hot ones, problem a tan, saled cancelled; okay, they have Kevin Spacey. You have Bill Clinton, you have oh gee, Simpson, obviously are Kelly, who else Gila, Bill Cosby would be fantastic. Would you have Oh J on the pod? No I would have a combative episode with him. Okay, I wouldn't be I, wouldn't have him on I propped about RF. You got me scared. He I think he would [ __ ] I think he might kill me. I wouldn't be scared, but I. Don't think that he should be on any show, and you know it. Trips me out. I see women like I saw a video of him at a club dancing with women. I was like you know. He killed his wife right right, like what it becomes. I was like you're [ __ ] around with OJ that guy killed his last wife. He got her I, don't know people always have those fans that will be in denial, yeah I, guess, like our Kelly I'm sure it still has. Do you I think our Kelly lost them all yeah? Maybe there's only there's a couple left: Michael Jack, you you! Would you ever touch Michael Jackson, the topic of Michael Jackson. You have opinion about that, or would you say, I have no comment, yeah I mean well. If you don't have a horse in there like why throw but I don't know, I uh, don't say anything right, not worth it yeah, it's not worth. That's! That's I have no special yeah. Let me help you. He be great hot ones. If he was alive, the meltdown of that being amazed, yeah well. Well, do you have anything you want to ask you? Well, are you gonna tell him about who's our guest uh, or did you yeah I'm just having a really awkward moment, so you once asked me whoo my dream: get. Would we get on hot ones? Whoo? Do you remember who what I said who'd you say: I, don't remember, Papa, John, oh, but guess what I've been and Papa John's coming he's coming here on what they do next week, Monday he's coming next Monday! That's my corner dude! So weird I, don't even remember how that well, so I remember a fan randomly emailed us and he says you guys: Papa John, the real Papa John made an Instagram account and we're like. That's weird: we click it. It has like literally 20 followers his hand was like the real Papa John or some [ __ ] like that. But then there's some photos there that it was like around Thanksgiving and yeah. Some of the photos were like it looked pretty personal. Like you see the family or whatever our big table, we did reverse image searches, they didn't show up anywhere. Okay, follow drop, a DM, hey, papa, big fan, and then this person starts responding to me and I think I'm being trolled and so I keep saying make you have to make a story. You have to make a story saying hey. This is Papa with your face and he's funny. He keeps he doesn't quite get there like. He makes a video. Where goes hey, it's Papa. It's me he, but he doesn't say: hey it's like h3. Surely it's me and I'm still wondering where's all this comp where's this [ __ ] coming from, but then he eventually made one that said: Papa blast shoutout to Ethan from h3h3 production and that's when we knew we were doing with the real Papa whoa and so he's flying out anyway, yada yada yada. We have a long illustrious we we should have a lot in common. We talked. We talked on the phone for 15 minutes. I was giving him some customer feedback. I was getting there's a of PI's Pappajohn PI's going out unsliced. Just one piece: that's what's happening right now: yeah, it's an epidemic! It's an epidemic! Wow! So he's coming here. So we thought so we talk shop and about pizza yeah, something I know a lot about, so he flies out to he's flying out on his private jet I offered him to fly him just I. Don't know why you made me do that either I'm, like he's Papa Johnny's, a billionaire he's got his own jet. Tila goes just okay. I want this guy to come here, so I don't want it to seem like we're asking. So much of him, I'm coach so anyway he's flying his uh, his private plane out to Burbank just for the show coming here to the H Street podcast studio, Papa, John, there's a whole pop up pizza conspiracy. That's been mounted against him Sean! Well, you guys got to get to the bottom of yeah. We are yeah and it's the master interviewer I'd like you for you to pitch me some questions. If you have some I'd, have to dive into that, but he seems to be really in a moment he's having it he's an open book to I. Think well, what is you know? Probably you know it probably feels like you lost everything how he ended up here. I said to myself the only chance Pappajohn ever come on the show see if he loses everything yeah, but I think you know is my gut is to just be like just give him space. You know he's probably not a lot to get off his chest yeah. Why I, wouldn't I, wouldn't try to get too granular in the interview you know, I'd be broad and then just sort of like sit back because he's probably just been spending a lot of time. Stewing and absolutely you know what he's it's just him in the wilderness: Pro yeah! Well, oh I, don't he's in like [ __, ], Montana I, don't know he but I stay like that Ohio, but he's like Papa John's like super rich right. Oh yeah he's a billionaire yeah or very close to it, but he's just picturing himself out on the out in the snow Kentucky. He actually owns the biggest house in Kentucky, so guys so I think I'll have I, don't know if, if I order, Pappajohn pizza and will that insult the man is that a right, you don't use a majority, he's a majority shareholder, so he make yeah he's still getting a piece of the pie. Even if it is unsliced is he worked up about the unsliced thing? Oh, that was the message that got him to respond. It's like he's and tell him what happened to us when he was the aiming him and I. We had a taste test and the PIA Papa John came on slice and there's picture of me holding up on sliced pizza like this, but it's bigger than just that. That wasn't just like a one-time somebody yeah some people. Now it's been happening to them to open it, it's a pizza epidemic. Are you scared about coronavirus? You know I started off, that's a good question. I've been thinking about it. Cuz I did start off. You know you've watch the nightly news or whatever and you're like no great like they got another virus or something you know and then they'll be like you know, six people have died and I'm always like you know, I, don't feel like that's like enough even to when sometimes they're giving out like vaping statistics and they're, like all 50 people or not, but I'm like a but like a billion. People are doing that so like yeah, pretty good. That sounds about like what I'd expect it to be. I. Guess that's right, ballpark, it yeah so anyways like, but with this Chrome virus. So that's why I started and I even told Chris I'm like it's another, another scare tactics thing you know this is more just like fear being sold to us sort of thing, but I don't know now I don't know now more develops. The more develops the I'm starting to back away from my position, yeah. Well, it's it's worse than SARS. It's a far surpassed the infections that SARS had already SARS in 33 days infected as many people as corona did and 11 days, and now it's skyrocketed, passive, less lethal, but much more contagious and most dangerous of all Shawn. There's a two-week incubation period in which the virus can spread. Sars could only spread. That's a WoW symptom yeah. It's a oh yeah and five million people left Wuhan before the quarantine was imposed everywhere in the world. So we shall see you'll be fine. Only like your grandma will die from it. Has she she missed that boat. Already, oh she's passed yeah, I'm! Sorry for your loss. It's okay! You know the real risk, though, is that because so many people get ill is what's happening: wuhan, okay, the facilities get overwhelmed and nobody can get medical care for any reason. There's somebody sick, so you're in this wormhole I'm I was I was extremely worried, even though in there and I've proven to be right so far, Allah it's got all these Twitter accounts that is falling yeah. What is your? What's your news intake like these days. There's this dude dr., Fink, okay, know on whose eyes I watched I like rah I, like Robin, Quivers, Howard, Stern, yeah and she's. Okay, no I, listen to ABC News, their hourly for the headlines, I, don't I'm not into deep. Are you know I'm that? But you know, I was just worried about you. You know what I mean sometimes sometimes people they can have like a real appetite for that for the headlines, and you know I, don't care so wrapped up, and it's just the coronavirus really interests me, because what I was seeing was very alarming, but people didn't seem to be taking it very seriously, but now they are because, like that's, that was me. I was flipped because, like the World Health Organization wasn't declaring an emergency which was alarming me. They did. People were not. You know stopping place to China, which they're now doing so I'm feeling better. Now that the world has finally realized and by the way the people in China are full. The people in Wuhan bro, 50 million people quarantined, are [ __, ], China's, [, __, ] I, don't know what's gonna happen, I feel awful for those people yeah. Well, that's pretty much. All we've got here. Shawn. Tell me, let's tell me ultimately that no it's a circle back. If you found out you had the corona virus, what would you and you had five days to live? What would you be well just died. What would you do? Would you say well do them at Vegas or something and just and just crash and burn, but maybe I don't know, maybe go to like a national park and and and like soak it all in mmm, probably more my vibe, but not sure I, don't know. Hopefully it's the thing. I don't have. What is your girlfriend more interested in? Would you bring her obviously yeah you'd have to you got to go out. You got to flame out together, you know, would she be more into Vegas or National Park Nash? Actually, tough, call, that's a--that's, a coin flip for sure, maybe I both would have to have um for both yeah. That's true I think split that what would you drink a corona I think Frank across old Clanker Corona I want a boy I've been wondering if Corona like the stock price at Corona has been tanking, who wants to drink a corona now in this day and this, but maybe secretly it's working because now you're subconsciously, craving Corona cuz everything in Quran. You know the guy who was doing marketing at Corona, his brains, just spinning right now like how can I do this to our advantage? How can I use it? Hmm, you got any other big ideas. You got the hot ones. Yeah you got the hot wings. You got the spicy, you have any other I mean you guys. You guys have proven you've got ideas. You got something else yeah, maybe you obviously you're you're afraid to share you. Don't want someone to steal it yeah! You can't do that up. Do you have a list of good ideas? There's like sometimes you have I, think I have a list of dumb ideas. You know and then can we bring Chris in here, yeah Chris come in here come on bring the Gianna in here he says, he's working back, there do come on yeah Chris get it. So it's not being so productive. Okay get in here he's not moving Chris. This is good, not getting so Chris Chris Chris, Chris, Chris Chris. Are we all set up here? Dan yeah here have a seat right here. No, it's been a come on, it's been good. What's been tough, what's been tough, tell me what's been tough yeah Michael, Jackson, 4/6 yeah, all right, Kelly yeah, it's good stuff! That's a good! Thank you, though. It was a really funny episode about it. Ya know be like yeah yeah, a friend of mine, wrote that maggot joke. Oh really, I'm a first episode, really Larry use them that yeah I love it out of hanging out hang out so Chris tell me you are often not on camera. Is this your first time sitting down you've had done interviews before right, yeah, yeah yeah, but not of this caliber yeah. Thank you very much. I'm noticing my caliber yeah yeah I'm with some local news. You know so the G, so this is kind of where I am but GM. So how long have you been with complex seven-and-a-half years and how long you been with complex five or six? So were you guys become friends once you join complex or once or were you guys friends before just to win? Shawn came to complex and so I came to start. First, we feast it was like here's, a computer, mmm and a phone start a brand. How did you? How did you become that guy like how did that -? My brother ever disappeared Epogen? Yes, that moment, when Mike food was becoming more relevant, culturally or like in pop culture and I worked in food, we kind of grew up, loving the stuff that complex. Although evers ironic in this, in this case, nepotism seem to have worked, pretty well, hey, they say hire people. You know right yeah. Also, if your boss is your brother, it's a good situation. Some people just not listening, oh yeah, so what's your brother's position he's he I. He moved on yeah he's moved on yeah yeah, although he was very supportive of that ones and and the brand and stuff but yeah, it was kind of fun too I work for my brother Wow, so you so tell me about the rise of the hot ones brand, because you, as you were saying you came in one man, one dream one: computer yep, oh God, and one God which God Allah or Yahweh right now. It's not decision tough questions here. It's vipers now he's pray at the altar of Gordon Ramsay, correct answers. Only okay, so tell me about the yeah write, an editorial website. You know we were like busting out 12 blog posts a day. No lady writing, no video whatsoever. When we first started making video it was like you know, behind the scenes chefs in the kitchen, it was like not hopping. There were tons of people doing the same thing, so hot ones. It was like a Hail Mary like let's do something completely different. Let's leverage the fact we're in complex we're, like rappers, were coming through the door every day like the beginning of the show, so many rappers were on the show and Shawn was kind of like this breakout star of the complex news universe. You are break ups Yarber for hot ones like if you go back and know the interviews were excellent before obviously he's like sean has always, in my mind, been one of the great interviewers of our generation, things Ethan yeah. Of course, yeah, like you, recognize download, clearly I mean I, don't have like any vision like we just like Sean said we vibed I, pitched it to him. He thought it was funny and we never knew, but it would be it's just a good example in learning. You know some example of if you just care that much like keep banging at it, keep crafting it like go to the first episode with Tony Yayo. It's totally goofy, it's just like throwaway goofy questions. I. Think Sean's already told you this, but we weren't, even gonna, have Sean eat. Tony Yayo from g-unit was like dudes. This is mad weird, like can you you've gotta get with you with me, because I don't want it to be this kind of like the right concept and Sean doing it. Like imagine, Sean forcing scarlet johansson to eat that interesting. You guys figure that out in the first episode, yeah and thankfully, thankfully big yeah, but that's like that's it so weird is looking at how it was built that way. They're like and every sort of in every sort of way I mean I. Look back on it. Now and it there had to be 10mil, coincidences happened and line up the exact same way, that's true to work out by the way you know where I kind of want it to be. If I got pulled into this room where GOG was for post Malone, you want me to make a make up. I don't need any more of those I mean thank you for noticing that that was a good one. He really got me good with that thing. So, first, we feast was the first video content you guys produced for four am sorry hot ones was the first video content. You guys produced not the first, but there was a bunch of stuff, but the first thing they kind of like bubbled up you're like, and were you immediately like up and set the tone for everything we've done? Since you know the burger show and goichi gang attention right, jouji right like it was the right articulation of food, meets pop culture like we kind of moved away from being a food fight, and what was the first big guess where you guys were like oh [, __, ], yeah I mean when we first started. It wasn't a big view thing. You know we used to joke we're like wow I'm meeting like some extremely spicy wings for for not much. How many of you know were you guys getting it? First, I, don't know 20,000, there's yeah like you'd, like put it up and, like maybe the next day, I'd have like 20,000 views, but the first one that ran it up was the key and peele episode that was that was well I. Think we woke up to near a million views or somewhere like yeah, whatever something's I think that was I had never something that was like 50x, anything that we'd ever done, but the Machine Gun Kelly episode well, I, don't think the views were crazy. That was the one I think that galvanized us yeah. It was just him doing. Laps, like standing the table being crazy and it was kind of felt like like something about this- feels special yeah. That I think was probably the first long shoot like the first 10 wing, like concept, banged out, shoot, yeah or the second one and I remember like while it was happening. I was like this is insane like. What's going on in this room like it just seemed like good internet was happening while it was happening, mm-hmm and, and that's and I was like. This is a show that needs to that needs to happen. I think that to the audience responded to that where they were like then had an appetite for whatever we were putting out. Probably the last time we did a gotcha question on Winton yeah about am dating Amber Rose and he's just like [ __ ]. You well look at you, two one computer, one dream yeah and two guys in ten wings and ten Wayne. Do you ever eat the spicy wings? Do you ever party yeah I work with our guy Noah at heat inist and we develop sauces with him and we'll develop the lineup each season and he's like 50 sauces that he brings to the table he's sort of like a guru of the hot sauce world, so I'll do it he'll Shaun will catch us, you know yeah or walk in it would be like there's opened up like a bunch of bottles of hot sauce in this dark room. : Shaun! It's good taken a lot of milk clean, a clean bill of health. Now, maybe it's like cleansing me or something, because the doctor was like very impressed as my vitals. Does it get easier or does it not yeah I think that um, the way that I look at it is I always know what to expect like a lot of people may get like when they go on the show they panic, because it's the spiciest thing they've ever eat the bomb. Really you guys do that by design the bomb is by. Is this one, but not on purpose? That was just accidentally a thing that you always change, but the bomb I always say is sooo effective because you, even if some of the good would suffice, you need that yeah that one moment that starts the episode and it does hit everyone. Yeah yeah, have you ever once in your career and don't you lie to me? I, don't know, I love, you right, yeah, I know it's coming you and make sure he's honest with me. Have you ever put less spicy sauce on your wings, not once for being sick? Maybe we're feeling? Well, maybe you had diarrhea at her. You go through it. You go through it. I believe you have. You been often accused of that. Well yeah, but I would make gate, was a whole era and it finally a conspiracy that the wings were not hot, that they didn't have any hot sauce on them, and also that only the guests had spicy wings and it was like pervasive because, because Sean doesn't uh, he doesn't show, but you really have you can't show every time nobody cares about Sean sweating yeah, exactly it can't be the show's already. You know just in this dark room with ten sauces and but I think it can only be self referential today, I have to say, though you know you nibble. Well, not I, don't first off you do know. How dare you I mean you do? Is I'll try to mirror the guests, but the thing about it. You do. Okay, it's like I can't sit there if, like we're, just both like working through wings together, like that's you you want to keep the red line now. You must have a really because some people can just go done. Do you have that I don't have like a technique or anything I don't have like a split the book. I, don't I, don't have any like swag with it or anything, but like in the interview you want to keep the rhythm of it all right, and so, if I was just sitting there like cleaning every way like staring in each other's eyes like cleaning wings, you think you could take bigger bites. He has just mirrored the guest yeah I. Think it's a nice move he's got like because there's nothing for Sean to prove in terms of eating the way out. I would say this: even people who have bowed out Sean's always eaten all ten he'll continue. Yep thanks. That's even dj khaled yeah house, one of the only people that bitched out yeah did anyone else like [ __, ] I like Al. He stopped it like three. Didn't he like what kind of yeah were you? Were you just so disappointed when he's like? No beats it before you yeah, he did oh yeah. He does that. That's basically before and yeah no I dad. It was weird as a different time, but I enjoyed that shoot. Like that to me felt like it was history we needed that episode. We needed. We drew people like that. You know and I love that we do. We do like internally pillows like, but me and Chris love. We love that episode. So as far as arbiters of the internet, do you think there should be a DJ Khaled, Redemption yeah I would Cal it's kind of not that interesting anymore. But do you what about in the context of like a hot ones, round, - I would think so. Yeah I would watch the mother-loving, but is he interested because he probably gets in for that I think it would be great yeah I think about bringing it to him. Yeah. I think I DJ is there anyone else who would be on a Redemption episode, the Hall of Shame, which we don't mean like using him anymore, but we do put it up there for the joke is he's the most extreme everyone else kind of went for it like lil yachty had never eaten hot sauce, so his wife would say: yeah is harder than most be most people's road to the end, but he hit the bomb yeah he hit. The bomb is, the thing is, once you hit the bomb, you just kind of got the worst of it yeah, but you don't know that psychologically you're, like I, just hate that and there's two more yeah I know like that's the thing that people are faced with we're gonna Rick eat your face. That was that about that makes sense, and you know I, don't think it's like it's I, don't think like I think cows, the only person who truly needs Redemption, yeah, right, I, think that's the real deal and you guys met him yeah. It was a very sweet man, I really can't say a bad thing. My favorite anecdote from that meeting is that he catered it with his finger lickin and he has like a bunch of housekeepers and servants at his place and they made him a plate of food with like a real plate and silverware, and they made him a huge [, __ ] [, __, ], stacked, bro and like a huge thing of red velvet cake and with like emphasized, you know, porcelain, plates everywhere, and then everybody else had to use plastic and paper and I. Just I just thought: it was funny that he was the only one that got to use real real because he had his whole crew. There yeah he's got a huge posse, so I've was kind of picnic-style, but he was Hurst. The head of the table with the real silverware and heating I think that's somewhat yeah yeah I'm working away, I'm working I do have a beef with you Sean. What and I don't know if I bought this voice. This to you last time you were here, but when we did our episode you encouraged me Sean to take nibbles, did I and I. That's how I remember it I want to, because I wish that I would have eaten the whole wind. No I didn't feel very challenged by it, but now watching it back. I realized that when you eat the whole wing, obviously it's way more spicy, yeah I, don't think and we were taking nibbles and throwing them away. Well, I! Don't think that would have been I think. Maybe there is something lost in translation there, but I think so, but I still blame, but that's, but but I never do the only thing that I'll do, because we there's always like a little powwow before and so, which is kind of crazy. Like you know, we'll have like some huge, high-profile celebrities like be like so nervous about the thing that's going on. You know. So there is like sort of a pep talk that I do to try to calm the nerves. You know let them know I'm eating along with them. Let them know that we're interview first, that this is a that. This is a disrupt development. In that and that's it, you thought, oh, it doesn't get [ __ ] weird over here, but I. Think I, like I. Don't think I did that Ethan I think well yeah, but but if you were like do I have to eat the whole thing, I probably would have been like. No, no, you don't have to eat the whole thing. Maybe it was something like that. Yeah must have been well, I. Think I said: do you eat the whole thing yeah and you said I just nibble it and throw it away? Oh, don't you put those words in my mouth, so we're the guy. That's what you said. You guys have a fight creatively like brothers, right yeah and for a long time you guys have a creative conflicts, not that much to be honest, no sometimes probably a level of Shawn be annoyed at being asked to do many, so many things on behalf of the brand. But right you represent dream talent, yeah now, yeah, I, think I, don't know we're very simpatico and happened, and like kind of built this thing together so going through that process in the trenches you can't fake that yeah and then I always think like. Even if I'm I don't know it's like a relationship like seriously like there's. Sometimes you like, alright, like Chris when that one. You know what I mean like yeah yeah, if I'm not like a hundred percent against something or whatever, and that I'm very like Chris is a very good whisperer to me. You know you can call him like rough seas at nmes and, like that talked me and era Honda who was emailing. You shout out Sarah Honda yeah. We just worked for her yeah, both of us yeah Sarah. What what King me? She was emailing you to get ocean email like oh another, celebrity is to ask you about me. Okay, you represent the company's interest. I mean you work for complex, no, but I'm, just trying to understand where the conflict is so like. Maybe Shawn is requested to do a brand placement or something that he thinks is a little corny. Yeah stuff like that or you know, do stuff on social media come to this event, so that we can you let amusing ourselves with different partners. Things like that and you're. Like that's a lot too much. There's a lot like every year. More and more is going on right. That one and Shawn is, of course, youth of faith, and you think it's it's that sometimes too much posting, no I think I'm just being different. Imes I'm, just like yeah, can I just go home after you know like it's right that but I'm just being like cranky about it. Yes, you're, it's not because you're you're, the talent, god dammit, yes, hey I'd, be a good luck. If you can like get on stage and do a TED talk at like this all you're like dude I'm, so busy, it's like another to stuff like that. So so just are you technically his boss, yeah I, don't think about it. That way, I mean yes. Mmm sounds like yes, Alan, who is no I, wouldn't say that I took total collaboration, yeah collaborative effort you're, certainly not his boss, no I'm, not I'm. A lone wolf like I'm out and, like my own gear contractor in our editor Colin are just in there yeah hanging out classics. That's the thing: yeah I, just I'm kind of like I'm, not in any meetings. I, don't respond to any emails. You know what I mean I just I'm, just kind of like a good life in the pebble in front like here's, the next guest and then you just start banging that through and then sit through the edit and just stay so attached to the show. Are you gonna be involved the show's successful that I don't have to do? That's actually really good, as a talent to just say, focus on yeah. You want that tunnel vision exactly so that's what I'm allowed to do right now actually into in the tunnel vision more than I ever have been like since we started this and it's been awesome. That's really good and I wish, because, like all that, you're doing all the brokers and stuff I, imagine yeah a lot of it, because that is something that's really hard to juggle is always to keep that away from Sean yeah. That's a good deal. Yeah! No he's an executed game show yeah want to be good. That's a smart producer right there, no he's a good man! Sean are you still gonna be involved in the Edit of the show? Yeah I mean I, don't know. There's that's the thing is I can't! Well you already edited you were you were involved in the 20 yeah yeah? No, that's uh! That's different! Once you end up, you know, then that's so much worse, that'd be so much. It would be so much I'm, so I'm, happy I'm. Those guys know what they're doing yeah it's like it's in. It's like it's just a totally different thing and you base and once you end up with those big ships involved and stuff, then yeah. You know right now. Sometimes you can feel that you're in control of the thing like alright we're in control of the h3 thing like we're on top of it and then sometimes maybe you feel like it's a big wave and you're just like a part of it yeah and so sometimes, like you know, you like you can feel like that in hot ones, where it's so big and then you're like, oh, like you feel like at one point, I felt on top of it and then now I feel like I'm in it person, yeah interesting metaphor, yeah yeah, alright. Well, Chris, were you involved in the television show EPU yeah yeah. So what is that until the biggest part was like articulating the DNA of hot ones and make sure that it carried through from our show like we're working with people who have experience making television which we have? No? No, have we ever made a game show? That said, there was a lot of seating, you know the creative to them and they were awesome partners. But to me the most important thing was like make sure Shawn looks good, make sure this represents. You know clearly I love, this yeah where's, my person make sure Ethan looks good. These guys worked actively every episode to make me look as bad as possible. The audio doesn't work. They are no call me out when I say wrong: [, __, ], there's a there's, a certain level of professionalization that has happened here since last. I was here absolutely it's more buttoned up over here, oh yeah how's, your love life Chris. You are married. How long you been married? Well like four years since we had a wedding, but we've been together for 15 or so congratulations, that's beautiful! True love, mm-hm, kids! Not yet it's not Hannah, hopefully good yeah. How old are you? Oh baby, spice, Lords, 36 and and and what's a good Asian introduced a child to spicy food in the womb? I guess my wife was on npr's how I built this podcast yesterday, yeah I can dunk on her with h3h3. What what? If you do why she she started her own company. It's called mmm Lafleur, it's a professional women's clothing company, though women should wear mm, was slurring the week Betty fresh on the weekend. Yeah got a collab Wow power couple. Would you consider yourself to be a member I, don't like that term or whatever like I, would never want to be on like check out our apartment. You know this video yeah, but you probably have a dope apartment right. It's all right! It's wrong! Spitting, I, love it! It's problem! It's like it's extremely upper Westside. You know they have. Oh, that's where we used to live. Yeah we'll be there for your roots. We were on Columbus, 75th and West End Wow. We were neighbors how many, how many bedrooms not -? Okay, let's take a 10 million dollar spot there. You get tired of flying to LA all the time. Yeah I, don't even always come I can't make it have yeah like Sean goes back and forth. What a few moves la? What happens, then you ever I'm gonna be sad, but you're not leaving New York I'm, not leaving. You know, yeah you're nicer! Well, you work there. Yeah yeah, Rover tan, your wife yeah, but, like maybe there's a way to just do it like both. You know, if you spend so much time back and forth, like that's kind of the thing that I'm thinking about now is well want to be feeling yeah yeah I have to have to drag me off that damn well mmm. This was a real treat getting you in yeah yeah. Absolutely and you guys are a great team. I love you both you've always been close to our brand. Your your episode was a big moment and then it kind of opened the doors for first we feast to get deeper in the YouTube space. That's very start like that's how we grew our channel looking not only on hot ones, but all the other shows youtubers and kind of like built it out from there. That's am I gonna, be gonna, be getting a cut of the IP I. Think you'd get it before us yeah. Well, it was. It was an honor to the I mean I was honestly I I'm, like I. Don't do other people [, __, ], I'm, just I, think I'm just now, I get that I get that. Do you think you want to like control the thing just stressful yeah? That's just stressful! That's the only reason you know I was gonna. Ask you guys to be on the burger show, but I'll do the bird you guys I'll! Do that it'll be fun, I would love to do the burger show. You know I really want to do. It was Bert right or in Tom Tom Tom. Did it and I wash that and I was like man? That's [, __ ] up I should have done it because it was in and out verse, shake shake shake shack and he said in and outs better and I'm like, and we were, like you know way: you're mine, so I say this with peace and love. He's got a [ __ ] that up Tom, really [ __ ] that up so that, because, as a fan of him in and out, I could say wholeheartedly and emphatically that that Shake Shack is better like that's. Not even a debate am I right. I'm torn now, like I was always Shake, Shack and I. Didn't love in and out, but every time I go. I'm kind of I. Think I like that, classic that my problem with shakes I cuz it's to raise its head like that buttered bun, it's like edge, so it's like yeah it's to hated very freakin, but like it's good, you need a shower after shape yeah. What I'll tell you and I agree I, don't like that they greased that outside of the bun, it's like dude, I, didn't I, don't need grease on the outside, but at the same time I'll take grease over a dry bun like dry. Bread is Dean, I tell Hetty, look, I would go on I'd rather not eat, then eat dry, bread that Alvin Kyle on who hosts the burger show is from LA, though, and he taught me this trick of you- you know those little banana peppers, they have he's night off the top, and then you pour the juice. Oh looper kill everything. So if I was on the burger show, what would it look? Look? What do you? What do you guys want to do? What's your without Shake Shack? What other topics can we? You know what role to rights on what Adam vegetarian stuff stop? Not there yeah turn mic off Dan we can. We could do viral burgers, we could do international burgers. We could do you know international world. Is our oyster, mmm I'm trying to think cuz so for me sometimes, can we include a little mini, candy, burger, sure, okay, best burger in Encino? Keep it local Shake Shack, but I, don't like when people they get these big fancy burgers when they put like pineapple and onion rings and all the barbecue sauce, it's just the more you add the less it becomes you're gonna go burger, show meat, cheese, bun that nice. That's it simple, sometimes I, don't like mrs. stall, and it's like how do you take a bite of that and it's just not good. There's I'm tell you I'm, sometimes not even cheese. Well, maybe we should eat over-the-top luxe burgers with you guys and you can just that's. That would be super fun. Oh yeah and just attack your philosophy on burger I like it and we'll probably end up like in the most simple one that you can also use ever. No, no! That's true! You never know for me of the perfect burger high fat content. You know you, you you the beauty, but it's high fat content. Little I'm go ahead and correct me or Worchester sauce. Thank you worst, you put a little that in there there you go you're talking Gordon Ramsay, that's it! You go you and then I like the smashy British people like to do this. Jag smash burger I like the smash technique. That's my favorite and then that's it. You call it a day. Put a little mayonnaise -. If you're feeling a little bit weird and wild right, tough to argue no, would you guys need it, wait, onion or without yeah I, like a grilled, onion I, like cut through everything yeah. It's just like give me that raw [ __ ] onion and can do Ron like it's like sex without the condom yeah. So when are you planning on having kids you're getting all your 36? You said time: how was your wife same age? Well, come on you wanna kid yeah. So there you guys connected with good I, wish you uh I'm happy for you guys. Thank thank you. We're trying to have another one will come to your for tips. Oh yeah and I was hoping to meet shredder because I got who's. Ninety pounds, so oh yeah, loves those. None know when they're that much I have a disparate weight and height. We dogs they get along like there's nothing to fight about. No really. What kind of dog is he he's? A golden retriever Irish sitter makes whoa what a beautiful exotic animal is a beautiful dog, big boy. How long you been dating Sean. That's a good amount of time, yeah I'm good thinking of moving in well I, it's hard yeah, yeah yeah, it started. These questions are making you uncomfortable these question that question: are you don't mind talking about it? I know I'm, like kind of an open book, but you're an open book yeah. Some things that haven't totally I didn't totally think through before I came as no surprise, there's no media training. Well, you guys have accomplished so much I admire you. Both I mean all of your achievements: talents, a team, a dream, team, credible talent, incredible producer. The world is your oyster and let me tell you in one year when you've got complex and bite the balls with that TV show going in season two or three which it will be. You guys just walk the [ __ ] out, hey you say: I'm serious, you say: listen! You need to get like an insane manager a journal. We have the same agent. No, we! No! No, no! No yeah! We do. We do okay, but I'm, not gonna. Yeah! Now, don't turn this on. You I'll turn this idea. Well, I didn't! Well! You can ask me whatever you want, but but he's he's not getting you any IP cut. I'll say that I mean I, wish him well, but you need someone who will like put a horse head in their bed. You know I'm, saying whoa I'm, just saying you gotta good, is that you know you guys gonna get a piece of that action. You deserve it. Thank You, Ethan, now, I always appreciate you know. Like we've, we've been behind the scenes. Always we always chat. We always chat so yeah absolutely. You know, but people know that but yeah yeah Sean come on your shark you're bullish man, it's like when we need a contract he's like should I just write it actually no Ethan. Well, you look so good. He doesn't see you guys are a good bad cop, bad cop I, think internally, ulis backup, I'm good cop I'm, like the I'm, the good cop until I turned the bad cop and then I'm the bad cop and he's the good but outside of organization. I, don't [ __ ] around like I'm talking about our employees and people within our satellite, but when it comes to closing deals and [ __ ] outside yeah, we that's yeah, we're not but you're us. You know that's okay! Well, if you want to go, if you want me to represent you just let me know what else what is this is just say. The show, when is the show, come out so hot ones. The interview show this Thursday. Actually, oh I'm excited Margot Robbie, we're back yeah premiere. The game show will be February 18th and then run in tandem. Everybody, DVR everywhere ER and break and do TV store and set them all edamame set it there, yeah yeah multiple. Did you see the Justin Bieber begging his fans to to stream his news? You know what that seems to be like a thing: I've seen a couple of those I've, never seen anyone out right, like posts on their on their platform. Hey guys set it to repeat all night yeah yeah or like put it on mute or whatever I was like wow Justin data like we always talk about that type of stuff or when they they try to get like break and Instagram likes record or something ya know the notion that the audience would be interested in helping them and they are sometime, yeah I, guess that's a new generation. They are crazy to me. I, like your jacket, I also know I said ganya and it's beautiful, yeah you're a bit of a. Are you a bit of a know once a height piece for Europe? You appreciate if I have a like trickle down good, sneakers and stuff, because my brother has always been in that world. So I noticed you were rocking I asked Sean on dm's, because I saw you were in this I thought it was yeah that got mixed reviews. What did you think about it? I liked it I mean sweatpants with that, based on quality or apparent appearance too garish some some say where'd, you get that it's fire yeah, so you know well I know thank you I know, but you can, as Sean said, get the whole sweat suit. Yeah same pattern. I was too slow on that. Oh you tried to get this wetsuit yeah I, actually really like no I'm, not wearing that what I wear them all yeah me too, every one of my faves yeah but they're kind of snobbish I. They told the story on Instagram to like this cotton was was made by just one: try a Malayan monks, [ __, ] yeah. It was made in China yeah. Okay, like how long we've been going down. You guys right about a hour, 45 hell out 45 you guys going short pod in today's world yeah we got to go at least five hours, yeah we're trying to get pregnant. Yeah thanks, we're gonna find out in a couple of days. If we were successful yeah we gave it a good effort. How many kids, you want to I think just to showed you got when you are you guys doing like? Are you guys, like timing, the fertility and all that yeah we've been through a long journey with it really yeah? It takes a while tell me about it. You know I mean you grow up thinking, it's very easy and it's not there's a lot that goes into it. Don't talk about yeah I should because I just like two years yeah. It took us two years and by the way, how is there billions of people in the world where it's so hard for us to have kids, I, guess, I think the thing is when you're 18 and she's 18, then you know if you breathe on or she gets pregnant, but as we get older because in the today we take our time we got careers, we're doing [, __ ]. We want to actually race this kid in a good environment. Then all the sudden, you know you're shooting I'm shooting sawdust basically, but we got lucky one time. What so? What's the what tell me about the process, you don't have to do if you're uncomfortable I, just you said I just don't want to you know it is private descent yeah. You know it is very private. It's very I would be super impressed if my wife got to this point in a podcast like I kind of wanted to like put it there, just as a test and she'd be like hey I heard this honey but I'm gonna leave it there. Well, that's okay, I understand! Well just so you know it took us two years we went to fertility doctors, we did the whole thing. We counted my I jerked off into a little cup, mm-hmm I'm sure you've done that. That's just weird right, you I went I went into this booth. This is wild. This whole world, okay, I'm, fast I, go to a booth and then I actually took pictures for the podcast go. So where there's a chair and paper right and I was like I'm not sitting in that chair. This is all over the generations yeah on the wall. There was cheese, stains or maybe there's water stains. What I mean who's, not a running stain and then so then they have like -. Oh, it was in LA, just reputable and then they've got they've got like a VCR bro and hang in VCR or maybe DVD, but at this point what's the difference in that the technology right, it's like the same thing and then they've got headphones, that you have to I'm like I'm, not touching anything there. They expect you to put on headphones like I, don't need that much help. I've got my smartphone and they had like an empty bottle of Lube like it was used to the room. Oh booth, oh it's a jerk-off bills, just enough space for our chair and a TV to the walls, go to the ceiling or, like ifs yeah. Yes, yes, that would but then so you walk out with a cup of semen I. Then there wasn't anyone there to greet me to tell me what to do like. You would expect so I'm walking around with a cup of semen for minutes. Looking for somebody for minutes on end what felt like an eternity and walk around the cup of semen being, like you know, oh they make you write down the exact time you each a culated two and second and like to the minute you know, was that similar to yeah I understand it is private, but I wish you luck and thank you I wish you all the best. At the end, it just happened when we decided to like not focus on it right, that's true up all months. Yeah, that's true, not even think about it yeah and then it happened, but your sister did the IVF yeah yeah twice it's the whole thing: man you gotta get in the lab. Now you have kids, so you guys don't thought I mean you know, don't want to read too much into it. Clearly, you don't want to talk about it, so I'm just really calling in about it, but I enjoyed the your story. Oh and they give you like a porno mag and the I swear to god. It's all sticky pages, but you're right in the look at the notion of like in the age of the smartphone there's a penthouse from 1980s there's something baby mag I'm like. Is it pretty funny yeah I? Guess not everyone in there has a smartphone may I felt like people just like paid. You know five bucks to go and jerk off in there like at adult stores, there's booths where you can jerk off. Apparently it felt like that. It's like naughty, no, not naughty likes. Like aids, II, yeah, hepatitis, yeah, okay, sticky, coronavirus, yeah corona. What are you guys into? What do you do talk to me? What do I do so? We have ended this already started ela. Should we end this I thought? Did you guys not have a Oh, cuz I thought someone had yeah, they said, but I think the thing thinking I think we have. We have something a little bit, but whatever I was getting I'm for anyways yeah, you got your you're doing. Late-Night shows hot ones in the late night, yeah rubbing shoulders with the powerful and and elites okay, whose star struck you the most but probably a weird answer but uh. You know, I grew up, I. Think we've even talked about this, but I was such a love line. Kid growing up and Adam Carolla was like really or you know, I really like a hero of mine growing, you know, I, I, listen to I was obsessive about it and it's probably what kind of pushed me into doing this sort of thing more than anything else, and so having him on. The show was like such a thing and then I went to the comedy store like last week and I. Think I was over-served and he was there and I like kind of ran up on him was I was like. Do it's cuz? Oh man, like I love, you so much like you. Don't understand, I love you so much! So that's maybe like not that you know like, but that was the thing that was one of the more surreal sort of sitting across more surreal sort of where you are where this is gone. Mmm kind of, like from you know when it started it felt very full circle or something like that to me and then Chris's, probably Alexa Chung for similar reasons. Yeah when we had her on early on is because it was just it felt very full circle. Who's, Alexa, Chung, I, didn't see that episode me look it up. He used to have he's a British model and host, and she had this super funny show called pop world. You know in England and I just loved it, and she would do these super cheeky interviews that were kind of just making fun of the celebrities, but like very sarcastic- and this is the girl from that fashion- show enough. Yeah yeah just got so weird. He is hilarious. I literally just idea for hot ones was how to take a show like that and a cheekiness like that. If you line it with wings, so it was kind of an inspiration from the show for the show coming on the show it's very yeah yeah. So it's like kind of any other, like my mom's British and I, grew up with all this British comedy. So Ricky Gervais wrestle Brandon what, when those people come on here, the ones where hi I'm so jealous of those ones, I won't Ricky, Gervais and Russell is a Ricky. Would Ricky be an awesome dude? How do I get Ricky's like yeah? He how'd you get Ricky. Well, that was funny, remember something he wouldn't do right, but one of the nice guests- yeah - yeah after we wrapped- and you know he only made it to 8 and then tapped out. He was so apologetic like we got read you're raising you're so funny and I love Ricky, but that was he's very kind. That was one of our favorite, like eras ever doing the show, because it was at such a crossroads for us and what's this going to be- and we are very opportunistic, we're we're like okay. If we have an opportunity to shoot with somebody, we just popped the thing up wherever, whenever wherever and what happened? Did we get? Who do we land with a key Gervase crazy? We did a London trip. Yeah I didn't really have much of a budget back then so it was sort of like if we're gonna go to London. We have to line up all of these videos. We did Ricky Gervais Russell Brand and the DJ who I think is funny called Charlie sloth, and then we also shot a video with the chicken connoisseur who is sort of viral right. I, don't remember, the Jason cage was reviewing fried chicken BOTS in London, so we went out and shot that we shot a burger, video and then big Shawn in the wild. That was only three days, so we were, we had nothing. We had nothing so like to make it going to get where we weren't just flushing the budget down the toilet we had to just from from wait from from noon to night shoot. You know we had to just make that stuff happen and we would just be up. You know. Writing these, like writing. The show, until like 2:30 3:00 a.m. then like wake up its sig's and then just try to execute it. Remember that that was that, but it lagged and jet-lagged running on bombs, but that was very galvanizing. Yeah that really brought us together as a team. That is a good thing about your guys's set I mean I. Would you could anywhere yeah but yeah? It everywhere almost made the show, despite it not being on purpose, because it's my work. If we had to have everyone, come to New, York, right, yeah and yeah with names like that, you got it. How often do you guys go to your guests, half of them really maybe more well, they got six or we will have by the end of this week, zero of which have been in New York. That is awesome yeah because they all feel like they came to you, which makes almost the show feel even more prestigious. But when you get an a-list, celebrity who's interested and you [ __ ] fly to them. You just make it happen, yeah -, because we're so prolific, you know the show hasn't been going on that long and we're in our 11th season hundreds of episodes out and to keep that going where you're putting out you know between like 30 and 45. It's a lot of interviews a year. It's just an -, because we take our time in the post-production to like deliver this sort of, like polish experience to the viewer. But it's you just have to win like the names you have to just turn burn and then you're committing all that time to this thing. So it's like it's like a big cruise ship. That also has to turn on a dime on time, yeah. How many people would it take to set up this set like if you, if you're flying to someone, it's a pretty small crowd like three to four people, including Sean, will fly out, and then you know the cruise six people black background boom boom boom yeah bless. How do you get wings when you're on the road you get good wings on the road yeah, so we have like the vegan wings that we've been using locally I, think it's bulan or in LA, and that came because, like Natalie Portman, those are her vegan which she's like oh I, want these blonde tianjin wings. What about in UK you go to Ricky Gervais? How do you get for knowing? But those were like so for Ricky Gervais, he had vegan wings and then they have some vegetarian right yeah and then he was I'm just better than anyone. I've ever had about life or real. If we go to a new city, we'll have to do research and- and you know, test a bunch of stuff before we give it to people. So do you guys ever do interviews where someone's like on set like a a-list, celeb and you've got to go, set up a makeshift studio in an unusual place? Those common is that junket. So you know right. Thankfully, more publicists and studios know the show now, so they basically booked it at the end, but because they can't like them. Do five other interviews, the risk is in the first chunk, it's always run late. So then, like the time gets compressed and you know they've been doing press all day, so they're tired, but the hot sauce tends to bring people's energy. So how do these junkets work? I've always wondered. Is it like there's one place in LA where all these people who are gonna interview them, yeah they're above like go-to spots for the most part, which will often be in hotels, but you know and yeah era that we're in there's there's so much more stuff like hot ones. Like you know, the lie detector test, so everyone's kind of getting their own rooms and popping up their little games know that and stuff the actor comes. They just jump room to room. Yes, like they're in a little bit of a circuit, I always feel like we're sort of removed. Someplace, like we might be in a suite, unlike the third floor pop and that thing up and then and then somebody else is doing the circuit downstairs and then we'll get like, though all right, 15 minutes like lock it all in sort of the situation, and then we just Andy. So you you think people are starting to kind of in popular media and other interviewers take notice of what's going on with the hot ones. Phenoms yeah, it's not like a week over week, sort of seems to get. What do you see out there like that that closely resembles what you guys are doing? You feel like anyone's like stray trip. There's a million Street and some of them are huge like there is really big Russian one there's big South, American ones and you know sometimes we'll get in touch with them if they're cool and they kind of mention us. You know it's not like. We want no one to be able to do this, but there are some people have just stolen the comment: do they steal the name? - they'll they'll steal, like the exact set up, watch the graphics. You know wow I, guess when you're in Russia, no call it something different cuz, it's a Russian but yeah yeah. What about in America? Well I, think yeah I mean probably stuff gets tweeted at me all the time I've lost the like I used to get when we first started. Do you remember there was like this one weekend where, like it was like Fox Sports, australia launch something and BBC launched something, but we were just so in our infancy that people. The reason that I even learned about the Fox Australia thing is because somebody tweeted at me about ripping off like Fox, Sports, Australia and I was like what the hell you and then I like looked it up and I was like. Oh, this is the exact same show. So at that point you know because we felt you know we felt so small in that that we had to beat our chest and then kind of weaponize. Whatever cult following that, we had to stomp out, we shut it down. That was bubbling up, but at this point I've I've totally lost the you guys want about well I feel like it's. Not like we're it's not like, because now you're not gonna, be accused of you stole you want yeah, it was sort of like Oh someone could overtake us with a bigger budget and has monsters in some water bag and I. We really don't think that we're trying to get as one yeah, Sarla, johansson yeah now I think it's just it's just out I or it's not like anybody's, discovering something new and thinking. That's the thing. You know, I think that at this point, people have either heard of job offers. Sean uh, yeah I mean I, don't have to you know like I could I could I could have pivoted away from doing this, but I just but to me it's uh, it's everything I've ever wanted and then now the team that I work with like you know, we talked about Sarah, Honda and obviously Chris is here, but it's bigger than that. Like everybody, who's connected to this show now it's it feels so SEAL Team, six or something you know it just feels like I wouldn't want to do this with anyone else. You have a show, that's yours, that you know it's just me and Chris, not just me and Chris, but like creatively, whatever we want to do, we can do nobody's standing in the way of whatever vision we have for the show. So in a weird way, it's everything that I've ever wanted and then so you stay so dome into it right, and so you see and I'd love it still so I I couldn't walk away from it, because I still feel like we have work to do there and you know: I haven't totally sawed through exactly how we want to see through, like I, haven't, walked away from an interview yet and been like alright I'm at peace with it, like I'm ready to do the next thing. I think that comes at some point and it could have come already if I wanted to, but I don't I I'm committed to it and I love it more than I ever have right now. I actually think that the year that we just had was the most proud I've ever been of no really cool in the years that we've been doing it and grass so and if Shawn leaves one day, what are you getting he's lost? What's happened now is going with me like whatever he's speaking for you. He knows he knows it whatever, whatever I do from here now, it's gonna be bunk. What you quit Jerry Maguire I, don't know. I have to review the facts. A little bit. I I noticed that Sean was speaking up for you, I mean we again like we've done it from the beginning. You guys ever see I'm so hard to even imagine that, okay, let's say Shawn dies, yeah that that's easier. You look for new I, do I'm moving to the country with Sean Sean get Citroen virus. What do you do? How long do yeah? That's a good question. Good more. Do you think I would be a good host, perhaps yeah. Thank you. The audience likes you. Thank you very much. We've checked on sleep check the tubular data and the h3h3 audience. First, we feast audience overlap it's nuts, oh really, yeah, it's awesome. What are the challenge? Do you overlap was Philly d is a big one. He wouldn't be a bone Appetit. Obviously, if Shawn died, you wouldn't want Philly. Do we turn it turn it into a reality? Show where they're all competing yeah yeah, you would probably want I, would probably be the natural fit if Shawn had an untimely death. We've actually had some talks like sometimes we joke around and think about. Oh really, what were some names that came up but I? Do it? Is friends of the branly yeah Bert Kreischer like Bert, would be a good brand time would be good. Yeah Tom would be good, but you know sometimes the late night shows have guest hosts yeah, all right like if Shawn ever wants to take six months off. That could be fun. Wow! That's true. Would you ever take six months off the show? That's so long! Aren't you scared now at this point, because you know, are you scared that it often are you are you in there have CDs often there'd have to be some measure of fear about taking six months off and letting someone else yeah and then yeah I mean like yeah, if you're a quarterback of a team. Even if things are going good, you don't ascend the bench and let somebody else you don't want to grow a beer exactly so like there's, definitely that but who could replace the great Shawn of it? I, don't know it's awesome. Replaceable replaceable ethan klein that yeah that's Bert would be funny, but he's just he's a drunk, but I would say unreliable. I would say: if do you want the keys? Do you even want the keys? You know it's. One of those yes do I want think this show is eaten scorching out chicken wings and spending half your life on a plane. You know that being complained, I. Think, theoretically, I would a rare combination of talents to be great at interviewing and be able to eat super spicy wings. You know it's not a good job. Yeah I'm just saying Burke clashes are drunk he's unreliable, Tom, Segura, he's got he's, got place, got like kids and he's always touring I mean that's a mess I'm here I'm in LA. It's where you guys shoot most of them. I think we just heart pivot and Mario Lopez Brian's secret. You ruin the show immediately. We just go that Ryan Seacrest would be an interesting guest. Um Nicki would be yeah, and you know what even though I don't like it, and it's so long he's got it he's got good stories to tell yeah I. Don't like him, you know, I would watch it. I mean I've, never met him or worked with him or whatever, but you think he'd be an interesting guy. I think you would Thanks but he's so. The thing is he's so he's so good he's such a showpiece. That I don't I'm, not necessarily sure, let's guard, maybe if you, if you scratch the surface you're the man I, don't know, what's you don't know it's underneath that's true darkness and I sure darkness I do like the host V host interviews. Onra you know like when we have people who host stuff like on hot ones like they'll like to have a certain rhythm and I have Stan and I do enjoy. The experience of those types of interview, interesting, you know, would be the this will never happen, but Howard Stern right. That would never had him and let him in you later man, but this guy does guys. That'll never happen, but you know: I said that about Bobby Jon I said why the [ __ ], would Papa John ever come on my podcast. Do you have yeah, but John hasn't even done like media? Do you understand this? Is the pop and coming here they do. That I mean this is unbelievable yeah. How do you have a date on when he's sitting in here? Yes, it's Monday whoa this Monday. What are you gonna do to prepare for it heat Pizza, the only way yeah I've got a million question. I've got there's so much to talk about. Did he know about you before I think recently? My theory was that he signed up with a publicist who is actually smart and she knows of me and sees the opportunity- a lot probably be like. Ah you don't want to get involved or but this the genius and it's one with a vision right, that's exactly right! All right! Well, it's been over two hours, I mean I, don't know, I feel privileged I feel blessed, I feel honored. What more is there to say than that right? We've set it off. This show can't wait for the show. I can't wait for the new episode. What do you think of Vogue's sixties? What is that hate? It [, __ ] hate it, and let me tell you, want yeah you'll probably have the same reason. Your shows so much better. It's so fake, yeah yeah. They try to no we've seem like it's so genuine yeah and it's so [ __ ], fake, I hate it. The reason I bring it up is because I know Marga Margot Robbie did one. She just did one all right least washed one and it's like I, don't know why people like that show I find it offensive. We've yeah I, don't love that after we watch them all yeah, it's a good information dump. Yeah like you can just choose the topics: people always love, seeing rich people's houses. That's a lot of time to save in their house right because they don't want to show their. They say that about like cribs and stuff that they were all just like rented or whatever yeah like I. You know that Redman who knows James, Corden and Justin Bieber getting towed in that car I. Can't you know, what's real and what's fake you know. Do you see that? No? No, it seems important, that's the same right yep! He he's not around it's on, like a total they're telling it. Oh, my god, mother and I wasn't bothered by that, because it's not a show about driving that you're right right. If it was but it's meeting the Cardinal, you don't think about bothered, because your producer and you understand gistic I've lost my soul. That's true! You just feel fold a little bit as a viewer. That's it that's true. I thought he was driving. It's me, yeah! Well, you're, just yeah too close to like how the sausage is made or yeah I. Don't remember: I I didn't like when James Corden did this whole thing about what was it Bill Maher? He said: Bill Maher was fat, shaming people well never I've a glee. Remember that yeah yeah. He had a really funny show in England, and it's been really he's for he at you. Do you desert and resentment among the English people when they, when talent, leave and just go, do American [, __ ]? Ah you got John Oliver you've got outrage, Gordon I feel like they're, confident in their their uh shows and have enough talent. Yet there's a lot of talent yeah. Maybe they don't maybe seem like [, __, ] and super funny. Gbc is those guys are yeah me. What about Louis Theroux? Okay, great he's, one of my dream guests he's awesome who's here, number one like from the audience who's your number one like the thing that gets shouted hapa, John Pappajohn, but after Papa John people are always always requesting Joji posts. Malone, it's like we've already. You know who other than them Dan. You guys would know what do you guys see in the comments? No I mean you just listed off a lot of our latest. Episodes have just been about like kind of like no guest, so I don't know its relevance, yeah. It's funny. People get so angry at me. I get so much hate online these days, but I'm learned to accept that you don't get hate to your love, but you're, universally loved, well, I. Think you see I think everybody sees their own. What do people say about you? I mean I. Don't know like to me. It's the way that I've Oh Eric Andre's, another big one, yeah you'd be great. The way that classic how many got your camera um I guess you know you have to figure out how to manage all that, because it's so loud all the time you know especially like when you're just you're always making something and you're always putting it out and then you're caught in that feedback, loop, 24/7 and and listen I'm, so I'm sensitive, like I'll, see ya like it could be ten nice things, the one oh yeah, the thing that I'll remember and that'll stick with me so a while ago, I just got into the habit of like just making the thing and then putting it out and then just making the other thing and then putting it out because, like if you ever feel like you have some sort of ownership over that thing it doesn't matter. However, it's taken or whatever and I was yeah. I was putting myself and you know, I was sending my brain and in a spiral so I think that uh to me it's just you know you make the thing you put it out in the world and then the audience can do whatever they want with it. But while that's happening, I've I've separated from it yeah I just make the next thing yeah once I got into that. It really helped me a lot. What were the comments that bother? You I, don't know I guess like I, don't know I'm trying to think is that I haven't done a good job of just sort of blocking this whole thing out, but it's almost just like the it's just the negativity again yeah or it's just the even it doesn't even have to be me in the crosshairs of it like it could be our guest, like sometimes you'll, like look back at the Internet as like a mirror and didn't it'll like just kind of break your heart on on you know, we have this I know yeah with each other or whatever in like the way, but then too is I. Don't need to have like such a heavy heart because I don't need to like be you know, I, don't need to have a job on the Internet, where I'm making something on the Internet and then be on the internet. All the time like you can just kind of shut it off and go about your life and and have a healthier relationship with it. Absolutely you have so you have to fit I think for every person, they're different, but there's probably a thing where all right, you start to make a thing. It starts getting attention, you're interested in what people are saying about it and it doesn't make sense to pay attention to it, because the audience can serve is a is a focus group kind of for whatever you're making, and you can help it can help you shape the show in a lot of ways, but then, once it gets to once it's achieved a certain thing or once it breaks containment on something. It's not just your fans talking about it anymore. Now it's like a big zeitgeist thing, that's kind of consumed by like so many people, and then that's kind of feeling, like you can feel like you're connected to and with your audience at some point, and then it breaks out to a thing where you're like wow, like now I'm just in a room getting like shouted at from every direction. That's exactly like pushed in and pushed and pulled in, like 10 million different directions, yeah and then it's like. Alright are you gonna just try to surf those waves and whatever I think that leads you to like a really negative place? It did for me we're just really loud and heavy all the time, and so, like you didn't want I, don't want to look at my phone I didn't want to like open it up like you text messages, I'd get like a little like good, like you just want to block it out entirely so as a way to just cope with all of that in a different way. I, just it was like you know what it doesn't matter like nothing changes about the process of making the thing and putting it out like the only thing that's changing is the the degree to which I care about the noise surrounding it, and you can just mute it like you can't just shut it off so I've been doing that. That's probably that's great in a lot of ways why we had the year that we had that's great, just being able to I genuinely think that everyone in a position that that we're in has to either come to a point where they learn to to let's say, transcend that and to live like along with it or it destroys you right. It's like you have to. If there's no two ways about it, do you ever get if comments ever get to you, I mean you're, not on camera, but like obviously it's you're sure about the show and the brand for sure yeah. You know and I think to Sean's point we're protective of the guests like it is right. You don't sort of upsetting when yeah everyone just goes off on a guest who's, yeah come and eaten spicy yeah, you don't want to be a Basset in and research and obviously we wanted them to be on the show and then sometimes because hot ones is so outsized in its. You know how big it's grown. You know we're proud of our other shows too, of course there's that audience of get this show the hell out of here we're only here for hot ones and Sean and I talk about this all the time it's like all of this is free. You know you do all this for you to watch it and there's eight trillion. Other options. Think okay watch. This video, like I, think we're living in such a such a great age of entertainment, where there's so much competition for eyeballs and then the the cost of it it's so low compared to you know when I was I'll date myself here, but I remember, you know being like in fourth grade going to Sam Goody buying like two CDs, a pack of Lemonheads and some double-a batteries for my CD player, and that [ __ ] would be like 54 bucks right. You know what I mean now you can get like Spotify, Apple, music and title for an entire month of like the entire library like at the convenience of a phone yeah. For less than that, you know what you used to get like 30, songs for and then same now, whether it's like the the streaming wars or cable or the internet or YouTube and like YouTube I feel like is the most transparent of it all, because there's like that, there's the thumb. There's like the thing like you, don't you don't have to click the thing and whatever you want to do with your eyeballs and ears, it's like totally up to you like you, can curate everything you watch and what you're in to your direct tastes and interests. If you wanted to in a way that's pretty cost effective, but then still, it seems like people rather be miserable. I mean that in a place they don't even need to be the the the actual like path to leaving that comets interesting, because they got a notification. They clicked on the notification. They watch the video they weren't interested in the big in with, and then they left the common I mean that's a lot. Okay. Actually, the ricky gervais has a good thing about this, which I'll butcher, but he he was pointing out the steps it takes to hate on someone and it's like going up to their door, knocking yeah, they open it up and you go [ __ ], you I, don't like yeah and then I think it then it's just like in such volume mmm-hmm that eventually it kind of cracks you a little bit. I do like you know: 1% of 50 million. It's a lot of [ __, ] people, yeah right exactly I'm thing, I find funny. Is that because Sean's the face of it all, he also gets this kind of hot sauce. Community Oh like acting like the Guru of hot sauce and a bottle broke when it was shipped to me. Can you get me a refund and hit you up? That's right up tidal wave of the law services, question Greece people, you know they'll just they'll, be like hey dude, it's my buddy's bachelor party, like it would be so sweet like. If you could just like, come out and we get that all the time you know like yeah we're people yeah we're and I'll get like 50 of those a day when I appreciate it. You know like I, do I do like you know, but then you're like you're like wow, like you know, you just feel like you get like spread so thin or whatever just being tugged at and I'm gonna, it's sweet that they think of you yet accessible, but they also it's like. They really think you don't have [ __ ], you know just like I just shoot your shot thing or whatever, but uh yeah always like it is I get a lot of birthday, anniversary and Vice wedding invites. What is the people who see you in the wild? What is h3h3 superfan? Look like couples really a lot. It's almost like I would say 50% the dude. Yes, we should sweethearts yeah college age. We love that. You know it's always the bar back the bouncer, yes, security people who are and that we kind of thought that was like. Oh, this is real. Like all the divert hands we want yeah, that's awesome at least early on, like TSA, always cracks jokes, deshaun, I, love that stuff yeah. All that you down for wings, yeah Oh for real yeah they'll. Do that even like last time, out of song last time, I went through lax the guys there they were like. Oh you have any sauces like that sounds like no. You guys don't. Let me take that [ __ ] through yeah and then they're like alright, hey February, you mean you ever get hooked up like oh yeah heat treatment. What's your favorite VIP treatment? Well, that's! What's good about like being like very back of house! Oh yeah, that's good like if you go to a club, and somebody recognizes you or whatever yeah shout out like what like what happens. They'll, let you in the door they'll give you free drinks. What happens at the club yeah you get out. You know whatever you could just be some jerk off in the line you know like whatever, but if they know the show then you're in then when you were dating, were you getting recognized, I mean you're dating now, but like whenever relationship first started, or did you ever like walk around with her? Do something I get recognized yeah, you guess gotta be baller right, yeah, yeah, exactly yeah exactly but um it does. It does help and then YouTube makes you like so accessible. So it's people, hey, you ever get recognized yeah, but you know whatever. If you go to a hotel like we're big, shout out a sleek at the Mondrian, because it's like you know like if they recognize you then you're. Oh here's a full lounger in ears like the top. You know what I mean like being. If they know you from the show, that's the best. That's that's where you yeah next level, the best my favorite hookup was like. We were at like someone. Let us cut in line and Disneyland yeah yeah, that's! Actually the guy who was working. The ride goes to the front. That was a while. It's pretty good I need to have we, we don't get good hookups to be fair, we don't out and about or yeah but I think that's the thing like. If somebody knows you from the show like the whole world is a place where, like yeah, like people could do you a solid if they wanted and then, if they like your show, they looks then for you, it's you know it's solid, it's like you. He gets peripheral yeah. You get trickle down, you get trickle down, but it's fun rolling around Sean you've been getting. You actually like. You feel like. You live like your own success vicariously through Sean, yeah yeah. Also, you know, as we've mentioned, I shouldn't be on camera. So thanks for this, but you know that's what I love about having someone like Sean and then we worked so hard on the interview and I love the part of interview, but wouldn't be a good interviewer. So there's a vicarious thrill of like yeah building it out with Sean and him executing it. So never would you ever watched on, and everyone be like honestly, that rarely happens. I mean like Sean knows when to cut things off and I'm like a little wedded to things once we've worked on it, but you know he always makes the right decisions but I'm, like I wish. We had like asked that I wanted to hear what they said about it, but he's editing in his head and he knows and he's reading the celebrity. The genius yeah one thing once in a while Sean will be hungover, that's always fun, but how do you get more conversational but well we're too prolific? We we Craig yeah, you know what I mean you don't have a moment: you're shooting every day you get upset when he shows up not, and it's never. You never been yeah like that's what we'll be drinking together. No it's just it's just a there's, a vibe that probably only I noticed it's a little. It's nice having the ability to edit, though well, yeah, and it's very but it's, but it is kind of a bad habit when you're kind of doing it live. You know we're I'm. Always caught in between you know, because you do have there's so much nonverbal vibe stuff that goes on and making sure that you know we always pride ourselves on having like the least comfortable, most comfortable interview, so there's always so much that you're trying to take care of, and then you're always roadmapping in your brain, like where we try to keep like each wing like its own little ecosystem, but it's like sort of a choose-your-own-adventure while it's happening so you're kind of thinking about that and that's but now I always am like kind of like in like I'm having the show go ahead in your in your mind, each wing represents a new topic yeah, so in in this or this is this is a fun thing for us to dive into because it's like so a nerdy part of hot ones. But you know to ask you know: maybe this is a bizarre claim to make on a podcast where we're gonna go our we're goin hours on end. But you know it's it's tough to ask for 25 Internet minutes from anybody. You know for for these types of people and yes yeah. You know it's like people like you, for example, you, obviously that's my song. You just go yeah but asking of asking like 25 minutes in internet time. It's such a commitment yeah for people and so to us. We were like alright. Well, we don't want it to be to feel like one 25 minute interview. What we want to do is just break it off into these acts where, like each wing, is its own topic or thing or something that has an arc in its own like on its own and the the show is, is sort of naturally has that because it's like alright, so we start by eating the wing, like maybe there's a reaction, maybe there's a non-sequitur. Maybe it goes into the question, then you then you have you know a million different ways that I can go different directions within that wing, whether it's like a different topic, whether they're just so smoked out by spiciness that they can't get over it. We have to have this reaction and then it has some sort of way that it lands either with like a mic drop statement or like something funny or like a reaction to the sauce or like something that foreshadows what's going to happen later on in the episode. So we lay it out that way so that people have the experience of just watching, like 12, relatively fast videos stacked on top of each other with a through-line that goes like from the beginning to the end. But that's why we're always kind of like keeping you on it? It's like a show, were you like I'm, only gonna watch, one episode. Oh wait, I'm hooked, so I'm like on to the next thing. We try to link the wings that way and then that's why you have like you know some of the best episodes, whether it's Terry, Crews or there's certain episodes where they they touch so many different things in their career in their life, where each wing is like peeling off a layer of who they are, is a multi-hyphenate entertainer or whatever that way, we're covering all that ground in a way that the viewers like link to it and sticking with it and engaged with it and probably doesn't even realize, what's hooking them along mmm. But we think about that and talk about that and care about that. I. Don't think I've ever laid that out. That's very DNA, but that makes a lot of sense. You know cause there's a certain rhythm, yeah, tear geysers show that that is very attractive, I, think Shawn being in the weeds of the Edit and the music and everything to the next level. You know just having the whole DNA kind of be articulated in this clear way. Yeah I know what you guys are a power couple. No, it is weird I mean I could gush over him, but it is like creatively like very jinyang, like I'm, so grateful that somehow me and I'm we're all grateful. Are you guys you guys consider each other best, friends yeah in a way that gets different? You know, I have best friends and it's like the same, like it's. Six to eight people, I grew up with I, like still like my best friends, but then the relationship that I have with it is different. You know you ever get like now that you've kind of come up to a new level of success and notoriety. Do you feel any strain with any of your former former friends? No, nobody! Nothing! No! No family friends like nobody, gives a [ __ ]. No, but like nobody's nobody's gasps and me, nobody feels like slight about anything like it's all. Just the same, all exactly the same I haven't had anything weird mm-hmm good for you yeah. Not yet. Now you get to that season. Three of the show, yeah yeah, my friends, are the same they're just the same way. You know they're supportive whatever, but they're not like. No, you know no special treatment, nothing got like awkward I know. Yeah nobody's asked him for money or anything. It's like nothing's, weird. It took about 150 episodes for my mom to not be embarrassed to talk about the show he's a superfan, but my mom was has the same idea where the hot ones beanie I'm, like embarrassed. So obviously at the beginning of the show she didn't know any of those people- and you know it's people- know it's lame. Yeah yeah and now she's rocking the market, now she's riding hard on the merger yeah, my mom. Basically, we moved here from Israel. Our channel was already doing like pretty well and then my mom was still trying to get me to quit and move to Vegas to become a teacher after we I was already making more money than I would, as a teacher so went out, but now they wrote the merch. Now they rock them. Yeah yeah, that's nice! You know it was one of those sympathize to be like hey Dad, like here's, my no-show et wings with like Machine, Gun, Kelly or whatever yeah. You know and he'd be like, but I think at work. Your dad was not my dad. It started off with him almost trying to forbid us from ever making a video I got it from the family. Yeah yeah yeah yeah I made a video parody of shake that ass called shake that dick somatic video, because why not right yeah, yeah yeah, you know equal opportunity, so he was like you guys. Don't I ever make videos again he's not allowed he's old-school, but it went from that to like him telling him telling to his friends about what we do and stuff like that. So it was actually yeah her dad passed recently somewhat recently a year ago and we found out- or you found out through his family because they unfollowed each other on Facebook, because I've lost him on Facebook, because that was how I found the videos like I can't be worried about him, saying what I do so we found out after he passed that he was sharing all of our content on Facebook, which was a very in short as long as you make money like the Ricky Gervais sup is like he was like whoa yeah, like our uncle bear whatever and he's like. I am no guy yeah. You know, then they have like a different perspective, all of a sudden, oh yeah, but you can't blame him, never at first being like what my parents were fairly supportive yeah. They were, they were my mom just annoying, but whose isn't shout-out to my mom. She probably didn't make it this far. Nobody did we killed at this left. This deep were about two and a half hours over ain't, bad that we joked that nobody listens this deep. So this is when the conversation gets loose. So if you guys have anything racist, you want to say any talking points, white supremacy or no okay, guys the power couple, Sean Evans and Chris Schoenberger Sean burger. That's a Jew right, then you're doing it over there aside, yeah. Damn how fabric does your lineage go? I'm Jewish by the way in case you think, I'm, like you, read so deeply, but my dad side of family is uh. You know, oh, your mom's not is going she's, yeah, she's British. No, so you're, not good you're, not you're! Not your pedigree is not there. Yeah I took a the stiff upper lip of a bridge. I took a 20 is for you for your enjoyment. I took a 23andme thing and I'm 99.7% European Jew wow I'm, just like her I'm Jesus, your bread, yeah I, have a lot of neurological problems on my clothes CD after rest syndrome. So it's good that you're missing yeah. It's good! You don't want to go fold, bread. Ever you see those pugs that came and breathe. Pug dogs, yeah yeah. That's what G that's what my family? With that? Inbred and purebred that know I have such low life expectancy. Zijn it's sad faces. You know the Bulldogs. Thank you for your sympathy. That's basically what I all right, guys, there's so much going on in the world wow. What a treat thank you for coming! Thank you and what are you and what a surprise to have you here slack in the back they're, really interesting inside all you, both you guys brave team I will all be watching eagerly, so yeah. Thank you guys. Oh yeah hoarding course. Absolutely. How could I not next week guys if anybody's listening nobody's, would what I mean it's a it's a crazy week we've got Papa John on Monday and PewDiePie via satellite home. Oh yeah, that's outrage! It's a crazy week, oh and then Friday we have Gus and Eddie. You know Gus yeah, it's Friday yeah. What day is today that sounds he's like a sketch comedy he's been: oh he's really big on reddit these real early, it's real short sketch man, I'm gonna, go check him out. He's good he's, really funny cool god. That's all we got guys. I mean we could keep going, but I think these guys probably have some the demon voice to say goodbye. All right go ahead and cut it yeah. Thank you guys. [Music].