- good afternoon, everybody I'm morning evening, wherever you may be, this is ethan klein host of the world's most prolific podcast, the most serious and fantastic podcast we have with us baby, yoda famous the new Star Wars, show so sweet little Alfredo mmm ela. How are you today I'm good? Thank you. Thank you for the update. Today's episode is sponsored by quip and door. - later today we have the shoenice on the podcast. It's happening folks. After the break, shoenice will be joining us, the one and only the ultimate slammer, the grand slammer, the alcohol slammer he's hit his head. Many times we learned and slammer of his head. It's all happening was shoenice ready to go yeah, okay, yeah well, speaking of slamming. Let me show you this video. This I couldn't stop laughing at now, I'm, assuming this happened in China or like where I've seen Pete someone pull this move before, where they take a dump and then they just let it fall to the ground through their pants like how do use that maneuver even work, because here watch this guy, you see I just dropped some turd out of his pants he's like Shawshank Redemption, like a prisoner, you know dropping dirt, so you kind of told her story where you pooped your pants into Vegas. No, but this guy, those were like solid nuggies like that was premeditated I had an accident where [ __ ] slid down my those are solid, nugs dude, look at it that guy just [ __ ] his pants, like straight up while walking I mean what do you guys think that that's a premeditated nuggie drop yeah? Is that your animal there's, but no wiping- and you know, if you're, when you're walking, that shit's got to get smashed between your cheeks like tryin, to play it off like he's on the phone? Yes, so now I noticed hello he's on the phone yeah hey. Nobody expects anything from someone on the phone. Well, here's the best part, that's not the best part, so homie believes a little [ __ ] bomb on the floor, that's bored and then this dude's just going about his day. Just thinking myself, try a trikes. Try to understand that dude in human [ __ ] is so good for you, I can't move now. This looks like China I mean just cuz. Everyone looks Asian and I feel like that's something that would happen in China if I can, if I may say so, just like you look ya'll Oh what did I slip on and then you're like it's human [, __ ]. You never expect that there would be human [, __, ] bro, where to go. Is that the best yeah I love that man I had a good time watching that dude moving on we've got a lot of good videos here to start the day off, get warmed up for Shu nights, Kidz, Bop mom! Have you seen this? This is a somewhat viral clip. Wait! Stars! Well, tell me what you think of this lady. She thinks it's cute that her driver almost hit my kids and she thinks she needs to take a video of it. Instead of apologizing, like a state being in the middle, that bro is gonna, help you being a [ __ ] is gonna, help calm down calm down. What I'd, like you to do, is apologize instead of being a [ __, ] you're, calling it sorry but you're, calling it [, __ ] I'll set an example. Sorry, my kids guy heard me calling you a [ __ ] your windows open. It can't hear me because they're listening to Kidz Bop explain that cuz on one hand she's. It feels like she's doing shtick, like my kids yeah, like she's, doing a [, __ ]. What my kids can't hear me: cuz I listening to kpop, Kidz Bop like but she's I, don't know this is she's kind of scary, but kind of funny mm-hm. So weird one shoenice. What I'd like you to do is apologize instead of being a [, __, ] you're coming sorry but you're calling me a [ __ ] I'll set an example. Sorry, like she's doing acts yeah he's putting on schtick yeah. That's what I don't get she trying to make fun of her worth like it sounds like a valley girl, you're, sorry but you're, calling it [ __ ]. She doesn't example. My kids guy heard me calling you a [, __ ] your windows open. They can't hear me because they're listening to kidsbox like why would you fake you know what I mean it's too funny might be fake, kids pop and then what does she say after here's? The problem with YouTube today? Yeah? Oh, here's, the source. Oh, this originated on image or how's that possible here's a problem with you, - zoinks. This video only has 2 million views. If this was posted 15 years ago, this video would have 150 million, but the algorithm. We don't get the love for these viral videos anymore, mm-hmm, kids, Bob, Karen, it's called hello. That's got all the recipe, all the necessary ingredients for a mega viral head and we don't get to enjoy these on them on a humanity scale where kids, Bob, Karen isn't part of the comment, vernacular and I. Think that's a goddamn! Shame that YouTube needs to address this [ __ ] I, don't feel like it's fake. Do you really I don't know, but how is she real, mmm, I'm sure, nice, real shame? This is realer than as real as it gets. It says this happened to a friend of mine in New, York City. It's a wild ride start to finish. The back story is she was in a lift ride in New, York City and the driver cut someone off and Karen lost it. Kids, Bob Karen. Can you play with us? She said in I think it's a goddamn. Shame that everyone in America hasn't seen this open. They can't hear me because they're listening to kidsbox attitude gratitude sucks dick. That was awesome though I feel like my parents would enjoy that like. Why is YouTube not showing that to my parents? I saw in the same video on Twitter and has six million views that okay, so so, why is you do see what the shame is up in the ball yeah? Why are we getting viral clips on Twitter? Can you try to find it on Facebook they're like well, it's only one minute, so we're not promoting one minute exactly right, yeah, that's exactly what's happening and there's cursing in it. They're like we'll [, __ ] that all right, we can't make money from it either. So, obviously we're not gonna show it to anyone. You know I'll try to find out on Facebook I bet it has like a billion views. Meanwhile, Facebook doesn't give a [ __ ] they're monetizing, like Russian propaganda they're like monetizing Isis videos over on Facebook I, don't give a [ __ ] they're, like did you ever dream of a better life, join beautiful Isis? Actually, speaking of Isis, there's this great story of a girl, an American girl. She went to join Isis got married to an Isis fighter, had a baby, and now she wants to move back to America and and then that a judge, whoever cuts our case said she's, not American anymore. Her citizenship is gone when she went and joined, Isis and she's all crying like dude I didn't know what I was doing. I just wanted to join Isis and death to America and I. Just I really just wanted to find a better life for my family and Isis, where we decapitate people on the weekends my husband died, he was hung for not loving a Mohammed more. It was like calm down. My kids are listening to kids. Bob [Music] Zak is going deep, deep, deep into the meme holder. She was doing all this Isis propaganda about death to America and stuff. Before she moved there. She was encouraging people to do terrorist attacks in America, and now she wants to come back. What happened to Isis dude weird? How do you go from living in America to Isis I? Don't know she was radicalized online, they say but I don't know that happened a lot to people in Europe and the UK to who they leave to go, join Isis, and then they want to come back when it didn't work out. The ISIS thing it didn't really work out. Can I come back to civilization. Now no [ __ ], you snowman, you stay in the desert, I love that it's like a full-on Justice boner um guys. There is so much happening at Popeye's. There's actually now a subreddit called Popeyes freak out that is fairly dedicated to sub Popeyes Popeyes violets and freak-outs I, say again as a subreddit Popeyes freak out. That is dedicated solely to the violence and freak outs over Popeyes and they have tons of submissions there's so much content going on. It's a it's not just a coincidence. There is a phenomenon, a Popeye's of people fighting and beefing and die. What are they putting in the food because I feel like something doesn't make sense. You know, could be government experimenting on? No certainly could be they're doing some chemical experiments that they want jaw drop on like rural areas of enemy states to make them all just go crazy. Well, here's a new one! The employees get into a brawl now at Popeyes, it's not even the customers. That's what I'm saying there's something in the food! It's just all! Now for all over a Popeyes, dude yeah throwing punches. Look how many workers there take it off the screen because I it gets it's just a little too violent. But let's hear the audio we good yeah, you're, good I'll, just describe the man I! Think there's like five girls just slapping and punching they got that Popeyes chicken sandwich coursing through their veins. Damn it's like steroids. They call that roid rage that go that Popeyes rage right. That's that's what I'm saying! Then, how is there's so many employees? It's like a tiny little Popeyes. They move a lot of chicken. You don't see fights at KFC. You never saw fights at KFC. You never saw fights at chick-fil-a. Why is Popeyes? What is going on at Popeyes? There are a lot of fights at McDonald's. I want to point out well, yeah, that's kind of its own sub-genre videos, channel, brawls, yeah. We haven't delved into that much on the podcast, but I've been a connoisseur of the McDonald's brawl video there for a while yeah I could curate some for you. What was the like? Paul fired the character mm-hm. He was a fighter. You see it spinach right on anyone get off yeah. He was a fighter that is super interesting, Wow, I, think they're, I, think they're doing civilian testing and instead of going to war, they just dropped chicken sandwiches over Iraq and the civilian population goes ballistic and turns on each other. Yeah, it says, don't be uprising. It makes more sense than what I'm saying in front of me. Zach says: I didn't like the sandwich. You didn't like Zach. Why don't you talk? First of all, I didn't I, didn't like sandwiches. That's that's so weird cuz! You like that's like everything. It was so plain, but did you try the spicy one yeah you didn't like it? No I danced for that Sam yeah I! Just didn't like it weird did you get the urge to like to strangle anybody? No else is there were no fights in the one you went to right. There was no one. There I think you went to like a bootleg, I won't say where you went but yeah you told me, and it was a pretty bougie neighborhood I think you might need to predominantly white area. Yes, so those guys don't know how to make the chicken you gotta go to Lex. You got to go to Central LA yeah, LaBrea I got I got two of them and it was soggy and yeah. That's not because there's nobody there buying the train. You got to get a fresh. Who was the worker white? No, oh, the worker was black. Yes interesting. Can we not make it about race Dan once again brought it up I'm following his cue, okay, I'm just saying this is a conversation about chicken. We have to be really tasty food. He went to a Popeyes and like a couple of conspiracies Ali, there's there there's not many black people out in that area. No, almost not yeah, and the chicken, incidentally, is also horrible. So guess what they also don't know how to make tasty chicken, but this could be like white people. Do is Valley people could be like a conspiracy, calm down, I, don't know why we have to keep making this about race, though I didn't, and we already got in trouble about it- am I being not woke right now, I, don't know. I would like you to wake up. No I'm I'm slept I'm sleeping about, but I don't know. I I would challenge you to go to a Popeyes in the more inner-city areas. Ak and do a, and let me know if that one's better okay I'll do it. Yeah I'll be back I'll go I would be a good experiment, I mean just because I feel like it was really tasty. Bring your brass knuckles and Zack especially loves everything. One thing doesn't make sense: no no go ahead. Can you do that before Friday I really want to I mean you're like they're like Arby's Mountain -? That was, that was an experience. I haven't eaten meat. Since we mountain touch, my look I'm vegetarian I am on a feeding window. People are telling me I've been losing weight, I have on lookers and people passing by saying Ethan you've lost weight, so I can just people on the street. People on the street are saying it so we're literally word on the street yeah yeah I, don't I'm, not skeptical I, don't want to know the truth. I think that I just want to keep going when dev style, vegetarian style ela says she thinks I've lost weight. I have to tell you have some type fitting pants to feel a little bit looser when I look at myself in the mirror, I still look fat as ever, but there's a lot of places in my body where I could lose fat. In my face and my arms and my legs and my thighs, my ass I pack on fat in a lot of places, my stomach's not the only place, so it could be burning out all over the place. I don't want to measure myself because I'm afraid that I will still be as fast as I ever was and I'll be totally I'll just be destroyed and I'm just getting right, and it's all about like you trying. You don't want to speak for you, but it sounds like you're trying to change a lifestyle which would be something that would take a while and not not a quick diet, exactly so I'm afraid if I step on the scale I'll have like gained three pounds. No, but let's say oh well, I'll be happy with anything, but if it's like the same I'll just be gutted mm-hmm, the last time I lost a ton of weight, I never stepped on the scale. Mm-Hmm, okay, I didn't even measure myself before I was like I'm too fat. Let's do something about this. You know I'm, tired man. Let's just have a better sleep, guys, don't go away soon. Isis I mean sometimes when I complain about like that. I feel that the show was boring or something people will say that they would literally watch us do anything. Do we won't put that to the test yeah you want to just have me, you guys gonna watch me take a nap. No, but shoenice is coming up and you definitely don't want to miss the shoenice experience. Let me show you this Popeyes freak out. Subreddit I mean let's sort by top of all time. It's the thing. If you want to compare this to McDonald's dan I refuse. This was like made five days ago or something because I looked and there was yeah I think this is well. It's a new phenomenon. Yeah. Okay, I mean here's a brawl in the parking lot. Some dude touched his truck and he goes. The sound is important here. Let's cranked up, he hit his truck a big mistake. Maybe mistake he sounds like any powers. Remember that show he's like some pseudo, tough guy that beat up some like old, drunk dude. Well, there you go here's to white people having a brawl, so that's the total Kenny Powers impersonator. So there you have it two white dudes. It's just getting to this part of it. Here's the employees. We saw that one popeyes chicken sandwich fight, yeah, baby I, think I watched this one. It was just kind of boring, we're gonna turn. This is what we just watched. Okay, thank you, google, here's mother, god, that's Nana got slammed hard bro. This one was awesome. I actually haven't seen the full video it's all cut up, but this is the full one and the guy in the car is like well. This dis, grease stain looks like her [ __ ] brain fluids. Well, we've got a little bit of it. You guys turned it on well, we can go back and we can go back. I think it's fine Nana got slammed, she had it coming. Whoa I think she just threw feces at her. She just threw some regards well. She threw the sandwich at her Oh yeah. You guys get the idea. It's people fighting at Popeye's see. Do you think we shows too much of Nana getting slammed. So what do we can we go back and just do a blur or a cut of the Nana getting slammed part I got blur yeah but unique circumstance today because of the shoenice thing so sure, let's cut Danna getting slammed cut Nana getting slammed, even though she had it coming. She did that's what we call reparations all right. Oh this is amazing. Eric Staal were or will star well ripping hostile. What's his past, senator some [, __ ], Prez I, think he's well, I'll tell you what his career is over. That's real y'all think I'm faking it I got got a second hand. Footage of someone reporting it on their TV I. Have some updates on this, though go ahead? Well, so don't tell me that it's fake there's, no, it's not that it's fake, but there's a couple angles to this one: there there is a poster on Twitter I'll, send it on discord right now, who I believe claims he used to work at the network at NBC and that the hosts of the segment Chris Matthews is a notorious office partner and he thinks it was from the studio. Hmm well I'll tell you what Dan the guy pauses, though he kama dated it in his speech, but there's there's some push back and then and then another twist. The show itself tweeted well they're, claiming that it was a coffee mug that was scraping across the desk wrong I mean listen closely how's she an election, no bro you'd, have to like push down with a lot of force to create that sound I just sent you the tweet. That's he pause. Did he study and I I agree. So then, if you move on here, it is from someone recording a TV screen. Just so you know it's real ela to relieve. Yet any doubt on this conspiracy dude that guy can never be. President right, if he wants to run again, though like so what happened in your yeah Cooper and 2019 that this this CNN interview, so he says this guy Aaron yeah, this is the guy was saying it is positing that it was in fact Chris Matthews, because he is he I, never heard okay, as a guy who has reveled four years in the fact that Chris Matthews loves the blasts. Hot clouds on live, TV, I'm here to clear Eric, Staal walls name. Well, they okay, there's no T and it's all well Wow! Well, it's Wow more, like the fart well on, live TV! That's what it sounds like first blah blah blah for Exhibit B. Oh he! So! Yes, he has receipts bro. This guy actually brought receipts. Okay, there's Chris Mader dude! It was Chris I totally believe it. What do they have a mic on his [ __ ], loud dude? Can't you like you? Couldn't you be able to like spread your cheeks and let it out more silently he's got a bunch of video I'll hold it in. No, don't say that what was that that was Zach! Okay was definitely dude you it's so messed up, he's framing all these poor people, I McNally, yeah, I'm, convinced man, told you and, and then again I sent you another tweet which was from his show hardball. It said sorry to disappoint the conspiracy theorist. It was a hashtag hardball, mug, scraping across no no way you just own it. You blasted ass, give me about bring me them up. I swear to god. Someone grab me a mug right now, right ones like I'm gonna tell you, there's no way to produce that sound unless you like, with a lot of force, pushing down, there's water in it. If you just glide it yeah, but you know first of all push it really hard, but yeah. How do you produce that sound I mean unless ly it's like rubber on the bottom? Why would there be rubber on the bottom? Interesting? Well, I just did a whole 180 on Eric, so it can be. President poor Eric, a half life is back after a decade of silence. Half life has announced. Actually the announcement comes on Thursday they're, going to give all the details. But half life is back, it's coming out for V are in early 2020 and I, never thought I was gonna die I'm. Setting up a VR room, mm-hmm, apparently they're valve, is created this crazy VR technology, where your fingers track in the game and you're grabbing [ __ ], it's like so realistic. This is the first flagship. The are game. I've played all the valve games in the current VR headset. For what's the name of the steams current VR headset? Oh, they just released it right, no yeah, the one we have at home just made for us. Why am I blind can and something maybe the vibe, the vibe yeah. The vibe is amazing. I played all of the are valves games on vibe and they're, like mind-blowing, amazing and I was like these guys are working on something crazy, I know it I. Think I even said on the show I think half-life. 3 is gonna, be the VR game. It's not half-life 3. It did say that at some point, I think I said it go back into the law. That way, although it's not 3, it's half-life Alex, which is another character in the half-life series. So it's a new series, well I think what it is is it's basically a prequel to half-life 2, which takes place before the events of half-life 2 took place, but um, oh, do it that's gonna, be so sick. You can track your fingers. Bro yeah, I've, uh I'm, not that in a home thing, but you know: there's I have done that vr stuff, where it tracks your fingers, that that you know what it's it's called like the void or something mmm. It's like it's that, like a mall or something it's like a thing you go to, and so it's a whole new. It's new [, __ ], it's a neurology! No wonder you would have to buy like the five is, not I. Think it's not vibe. You've got it's a big investment super expensive, I read: it could cost a thousand dollars just for the VR pieces and then I think it probably plugs into the computer. On top of it, it's a very expensive. The whole thing is so expensive because you gotta have a good computer need gaming companies empty wrong. You do that exactly you have to be. You have to basically be rich, like you to play that exactly it's. It's pretty outrageous, but somehow I'm sure that everyone's gonna buy huh cuz its halflife. You can't not buy it um I'm, hoping that they they accounted for that and you like, even though it's designed for that you'll, hopefully be able to play it without VR - yeah. Well, here's what I think the future of VR like they have -, no I, don't think that you shouldn't need to stand up and walk around. That's just outrageous, and it's so limiting what I think VR needs to be. You know what I think they might be doing is that you can just sit in your seat with the VR set. You use your hands to control the game. You can turn right because it's for wireless. You can turn it like that in your chair, but forcing someone first of all to have a battle, every room, there's no sitting and things well. I, don't think it's optimized for that most games are optimized for standing and walking around and I think the whole standing walking round thing is kind of a gimmick anyway, if I'm being honest, because you don't yeah and you don't, you don't need that to be immersed. So what I think is gonna happen is that this game's gonna be played sitting down and then you don't in the whole room, you don't need a whole room. You probably hold something in your hand. That's a controller. You know that control is like directional and [. __ ], like that I've only tried something about at Justin's I mean all the VR I try to divide or something that it's just a you. You see you don't need to. Oh the PlayStation VR yeah yeah, so I think I'll be like that. Okay, half-life 3 baby. Let's go I'm getting worried about that. Because I like watching you play you can watch you set up a second screen, which means you have to be even richer, but then I don't get to watch it in VR you can get. We could probably get you VR glasses. That's like the docs will get the dogs VR theater, so we can watch I, agree, I, don't that's why I've always thought VR is kind of a gimmick. I just don't see it mm-hm, but I'm gonna buy this I'm gonna, give it a shot. They can't do it. Nobody! So, let's see what's up Jake Paul cries after Logan Paul loses a meme album a meme album, but we're at 30 minutes. So I'll save these for Friday. With that being said, we're gonna throw it to a quick commercial break. When we come back soon, world will never be the same, because shoenice is joining us via Skype. He has a phobia of flying, so he was unable to make it out of here. He's also I guess you know, and he did say that if he's gonna take a train here, it's on one-way ticket for him. So that was a lot of responsibility for us too. What is that? What did that was a mean that he's gonna bump up with us that he's not going back? I, don't know what that means. Yeah, let's move. Let's take the relationship. One thing at a time: let's not discuss one-way tickets, just get with that being said guys shoenice on skype. The world will never be the same either way either way after this commercial break so stick around. We will see you in a short moment. Thank you. Guys, quip is the gift. You need to give yourself this holiday season, because you only get one first impression and you better make sure your teeth look beautiful and that your breath is fresh and golden as it gets. That's where quip comes in quip, calm, /h through you're gonna get this beautiful electric toothbrush. It's got perfect soft bristles so that you can do the two minutes you're supposed to it. Vibrates when you click the button at pulsates, every 30 seconds to make sure that each quadrant of your mouth is getting that perfect. Dentist recommended pressure that your breath is clean and when that mistletoes overhead you're not ready to Peck you're ready to French, write ela mm-hmm, it doesn't even matter if it's, your aunt or even your mom I should matter it should matter. Listen they've got they've now got philosophers that come with pre marks string to help you get just enough floss. They deliver fresh brush heads, floss and toothpaste to your door every three months with free shipping, so your routine is always the right one, showing over 3 million healthy mouths and get clipped today, starting at just $25. If you go to get clipped com /h through right now, you'll get your first refill pack for free. That's your first refill pack for free at get quick, calm, /h 3 spelled g ET q, UI, p.com, /h Lurie, quit the good habits company door. - baby they're gonna bring food to you anywhere from anywhere whatever you want at any time its door -. You got a long day at work. You lazy at home. Do your parents, not pack you lunch anymore? You still haven't gotten over that million if to prepare meals for yourself. Are you crushing it at work? Laser focus and you don't want to bring yourself away. These are all legitimate reasons to order yourself door, - or hey how about the reason that I always order from door? - I'm, just too lazy and I, don't feel like cooking. How about that I mean that's why people order food right? Let's, let's forget about: let's not lie to ourselves door. - connects you to your favorite restaurants in your city. Ordering is easy, open the door, - app choose whatever you want to eat and your food will be delivered to you wherever you are. Not only is your favorite restaurant pizza joint already on door -, but there are over 340,000 restaurants and 3300 cities, so you might even find a new one. You like -, with door-to-door delivery in over 50 States and Canada order from your local go to Zoar choose from your favorite national restaurants like Chipotle, Wendy's, chick-fil-a, the Cheesecake Factory mmm. Don't worry about that? Let's let dinner come to you with door. - check this out right now our listeners get five dollars for free off their first order of $15 or more when you download the door - app and enter promo page promo code h3. Let me repeat that, because it was that too good to be true, no $5 for free after your first order of over $15 when you download the door - app and enter promo code, h3, don't forget! That's promo code HD for a free five dollars off your first order from door. - lets get that food moving son, that's their slogan! That I just made up. That's not really the slogan door! - lets get that food moving boy and now the moment you've all waited for the great shoe nice shoe. For short, we like to call a mr. su as a sign of respect and irreverence. The great early youtuber, YouTube, legend YouTube legend, the man. The fact that he's even alive is a miracle he's, eaten everything from deodorant to tampons and everything in between glue glass. You name it he's eating it. The only thing he hasn't eaten is me, incidentally, which I am afraid of, but let's get to the bottom of that now introducing the incredible everlasting the unkillable shoenice. Welcome to the show show so shoot. Tell me this. You know I've been trying to get you in here for a while. You says that you cannot fly so. We've got you here via Skype. What's the deal with the flying? Well, basically, just come, are you good go ahead? Okay, no work right. The tape is great too. By the way nice touch wait, a minute I can't you fly it's just alright. I crashed in a helicopter desert storm. We flew home over the ocean coming home and we trapped like 300 feet, whatever that is, and all everybody's partying with the flight attendants 10 minutes later two flight attendants were late and I was just like I just can't flag, but a train takes me to California, but I don't take a return. So when I think what you're saying is that you have some kind of trauma with with flying yeah I took four xanax I was banned from Southwest for a week going to Vegas the ladies, like this guy's free cuz. She handed me a vodka and I said: oh man, you forgot the vodka. He went up to the captain and said he's a threat and they're like no. He is an axe, so I fall asleep, I get up to go to the bathroom and that captain comes on. The thing goes see two three one. Please stay seated till we receive you with the authorities, so we land in Vegas in the cops are like okay. Where is he the captain's like this guy when all the people coming off the planer like it wasn't him, it was her. They just started screaming all this [ __ ] at her and everything see how I can swing my head with the gorilla tape. Yeah, that's fantastic! You really saw a gorilla or some what they have, but so what? What did they accuse you of on the airplane? Because that's a fascinating story that got that you got yatta too quickly over right right. We got plenty of time on the podcast, so anyways tosh point-o, just hurried me. Oh my god, they showed me a big will and I had to say it used to be a kid on it. You're way better than tosh.o they gave me they gave me 300 subscribers the next day, I'm opening three thousand, oh three million. Maybe three million but I want to know what happened alright, but anyway, so I get off the plane and the caps are there yeah and everybody's like in the Casa captain he's like you want him to be permanent. What do you call when you're, just like no flight, yeah flight risk, no flight, you're, basically you're? Basically in the same category as Isis in the lady she's, always a [, __ ], so I walked out of this Las Vegas Airport with the Nevada cops watching me eat a roll of toilet paper on YouTube and that's where I started just getting really popular, but why did they accuse me of doing on the plane dude? What did what did? What did that? What did they think you did on the airplane to call the police? Oh I I was annoying a lady, but I was telling jokes. I was doing Stan I just heard he was doing his alcohol stunts. That big were you slamming, bought bottles? Okay, so so, okay, yeah I, believe you you're apologizing. If I, if I'm correct for calling her an Israeli, [, __ ], say yeah, I didn't even know red field, was she posted that on my Twitter she said you better eat more toilet paper, shoenice with all that [ __ ] coming out of your eyes right and then you said, oh, my I said. Finally, some subscribers is that why you do what you do so nice, because you guys thank you is that what we did to by the way we were watching your videos like a long time ago. Well, who hasn't I mean she nice dude hanging out with even saying I can't, but you fed so many McDouble 'z I had so many emails like we gave 30 McDowell's out to people. So that's your fourth most viewed video. Okay, your main channel yeah I'm, proud of it. You called me the moral center of youth, this guy I. Remember you just saying it's a nothing babe nation we got a show of a nation down, but I'm gonna say, will be a whole nother entity, you're saying about tonight. Yes, yes, no I, don't wanna we're getting late. The next jackass - the ass bro, this the jack. Oh, you want to get drunk so sure you viewer! Well you you said that you're just happy about the subscribers. So is that what you do? What you do because state you guys black me on an email but I was driving out to meet you in Joey's world tour. Yes, a fat dude with a tuna sub in his chin and I'm, just like all right, Ethan, just blocked me on email. I can understand that I set him. Forty of them made 5 videos saying screw you guys and an Joey's world tour said his cousin died and say Diego and I'm like wait. You hold on the whole thing happened in three hours. You know you want it. So at least you didn't say that let's discuss this support. You've held a grudge against us for a while, because bye-bye well hold on you've been upset. Let's say yet not a grudge. Let's tone it down. You think we [ __ ], how many voices do you have going rattling around in your head? I just wanted to eat three off the toilet paper, but that's a good thing because I don't wait! My ass bro, my bad! Oh, my yeah! We just started well, you go so fast you're like that's true I, just I! Just let you do you. You can just say: hey! Go ahead! You nice and talk for ten minutes and you cut in on any kind of the story. I'll lead you off to boogie being a scrub keemstar punching logan paul in the face cuz. I ain't, no ksi. Okay, let's get to that, but the well we'll get to each one of those things. My dad put up, put a pin in it, but you so, let's get to this beef. You say that that we blew you off. You wanted to come down to LA to do a collab now the way that I remember it is that you emailed us- and you said: hey I'm gonna- be in LA right, so I know yeah. So so, first of all, your account is that you came down to LA to meet us and then we blew you off, but you four emailed us and said I'm gonna, be in LA and I said. That sounds interesting. Oh that's right! So it looked like I was saying you already invited me and I'm just gonna here to hang out yeah, but Joey's world tour was gonna. Have me in San Diego, but he said his cousin died, so I you I definitely will take that as the okay, okay, good. So, okay, that was easy. We cleared that right up. You know now tell me about Tom. You said something about Boogie being a scrubs nobody's the best. No bogey is cool guy, but what happened was I joined king of the web and that's where I got a lot of haters I, don't know if you knew this but king of the web. They just pay you cash for getting the most votes. So this fan came in and said this dudes picking on me. Why don't you join King? The web I come in I, see you know some gangster from South Central running up against jenna Marbles new boyfriend, I said I'll, try it and my Wolfpack just came in and you can buy it and we just fed in and said, and we took so much money on us. You know, Markinson ball is going. You can ask anybody about the real shoenice troopers know about king of the web. Where you could get paid big money, you would have been rich and no, no, let me ask you I'll see you said something about punching keemstar in the face: not never yeah I'm telling you this dude sat there and said Oh, FML, shoenice, rapes, kids. He found it off of a dude's YouTube channel that serving time in prison for child distribution. The irony so I told keemstar you go ahead and you make a video about me raping kids, but here's the family's numbers, here's the police reports. He blocked me on Twitter and never made that video, hey keemstar will you'd like this. You better make something about me tomorrow, I'm on a date. Okay, now tell me, are you? Are you at this very moment a sober shoenice given Halloween trick or treaters? You know better I think I got one left here. What we did is we just helped out the homeless on Thanksgiving, they don't. What is that before you drink? It show that to us it says: pimp, ermine, pepper man and I need proof. Wow, that's serious, like most people on YouTube, they fake it. Well, that's not liquor. Since 8th grade bus, stop bro, eighth grade bus, stop but I wanted to say a quick cheers: I, don't care what anybody says about me: Ethan and ela I. Just though you guys are a cool couple, relax and I. Don't look at your faces, I! Just listen to you and a lot of people just listen to you! You're good voice, just like mink huh, just like now here, here's mine, Simpson, having sex with the Terminator, does fine for Jimmy you're licking turn me you're, not Sarah, Connor get to the choppa now shoo. Why is it? How does he get in to go ahead and to end? How was it they? You said. You started drinking when you're in eighth grade. How does that come to be? What kind of childhood leads to eighth grade slamming about called? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I came out of my mom's vagina in 1969 May 30th, the doctor looked at me in the half-eaten umbilical cord and said we got a special one here. I was born underneath my older brother Jeff. He was the most corrupt one out of the three Shoei brothers. We didn't mean no harm, but we were just some crazy mofos. We were born to a young, Irish lass, my mom good people. My dad met her. He was an 18 year old German. She was a 15 year old, Irish woman. Who knows what happens either way we all came out. We all started growing up. I asked for a baby in a carriage and my brother put gasoline on and sent it down a hill in the neighbor's yard. He had just turned five I was four and my brother was two. We took sharpies and drew them all over aluminum house we didn't mean to. We just were crazy. So nice sorry, have you ever told the story to a therapist yeah and they said sorry son, there's nothing. We can do here so shoot I want to know. Yeah I mean the store was a bit of a nonlinear story of your childhood, we'll bounce through it we'll get better once I start eating glue in elementary school and I, go to the special room, that'll be good. So when did you have your first drink of alcohol? Hey, let's take off our hands together right now, Ethan, okay, teacher, two one whoa! That's the dome right! There might be a traitor DEA over gurgi, your honor. Now shoo tell me: when was the first time you you had alcohol at what age um we always had the pictures of our dad, letting us drink bottles of beer of three four years old. Every picture you see what album? Oh, my god, every picture in our photo albums the old ones where people had to put pictures in an album to enjoy memories. We will never hear that again unless you're on Pawn Stars and that's all fake, you guys are real, so anyways yeah every four. Three: two: four: eight years old was your father, an alcoholic Ethan, an ill, and my parents drank so much beer. When we were kids, we had to use their old koozies for arm floaties at the public pool bottoms out. You laugh, they keep a grown man, afloat, I, don't have lice the beach on one arm gone fishing on the other when I get to LA bro. This is just a little spot, but I'm gonna shoot now shoot. Do you know you can appreciate that? But I got a little beyond this arm. You know little bit. Of course the bass God knows now shoot. Tell me this. When you talk about you, when you talk about your childhood and the floaties in the public pool, do you look back on your childhood fondly, or are you glad that you're now in a dirt, when I look back at my childhood, my father led his life by his dick. My mom was a drunk in a Chevy van she'd, go on cruises and we were left home alone on a farm. We were kicked out of so many apartment buildings for shutting the power down when women were on oxygen tanks, we're on the front paper for second forest fire in a mountain but I'm telling you right now driving. What was the question? Do you look back on your childhood fondly? Are you glad to be always happy cuz me and my brothers were just not my older brother. He was the like. You gotyou this now, that's how you're gonna be a five year old. So just when do you see yourself as like a normal human being, or do you see yourself as someone that's just a little elevated in terms of the way that their mind works? It's not exactly easy to have a a one-on-one conversation with you. Are you aware of that fact? Are you just drunk or is there something else, I'm sober bro, it's excited, but they ever hear of acting Ethan. You ever hear she is that what you're doing right now D, are you acting right now? Is that what you're saying I'm John Cena? So let's turn off that. So, let's turn off the acting and have a real commerce. Yeah. Here we go here. We go three. Two one go: hey everyone - nice again. So how did you end up at what point at what point did you move out onto your own and separate from your parents? I was gonna get to that, but you scared you always interrupt. People I was gonna. Get to that in like two seconds all right, so anyways me, my brothers were crazy. My father was led by his dick. He divorced my mom and eventually my mom was so crazy. The social services said come get your kids or we're gonna put true we're gonna put them in a coma and my father's, a cool guy. You know he likes [ __ ], but so we went with my father. So in fifth grade I started eating Elmer's glue. I was just a champ. Remember, Elmer's pain. Why did you start having glue? What was the motivation just wish? I had some I just loved glue, just I love the adhesive off of like Monopoly games, man. You know the show freaky eaters yeah, that's all fake. They wouldn't take me cuz I'm a real, but do you see yourself as a freaky eater and though, and that was no no no I just love that [ __ ] I always did it for money to it, I'm not a. What does it call tyka paid in cash, always okay, so we started eating glue. Is that when your mental state started to deteriorate, [Laughter] I'm, sorry, who else is that yeah I say I heard Mars I heard Schwarzenegger Rocky's taking this [ __ ], so you were talking about you started eating Elmer's glue and then that evolved until I was always a performer Ethan and I was born with a beautiful smile for a crest commercial, no I'm, not John, Cena and I was just the funniest guy in the world, and people used to laugh I was voted class clown in two different high schools. One I never even finished all right, we'll get that we'll get to there, and so so, at what point did you move out on your own? Um 17 will go right to that. If you want so anyways. My father sends me to rehab because I'm drinking beer- oh my god, boohoo we used to do a beer ball. The people hated me coming to lunch, beer ball parties or any BYOB I'd walk in with a 12-pack they'd, be like. Oh no, you gotta go my buddy brought down. Why is a KERS because you drink too much I know I? Have the I took everything when people took one hit of acid I needed three when people took to cast so they're like this guy's can't drink all of our beers? That way they don't know. That was my friends though they just said you ain't getting any of ours right now, you're gonna, kick me out of a party yeah, but I just was like yeah man, so I just started slamming booze and all right. Let's get kicked out of the house, so my dad's, like you, listen I, just spent $25,000 on your rehab I, said: well, guess what Dad I never even knew about acid, mushrooms or heroin. So thanks a lot because I spent 25 grand on that I said you didn't, spend [ __ ], hey that your insurance paid it so I said dad. I got to move out. He was you better. So I moved on I moved in with my brother, my brother Jeff. He was a roofer, so was his roommates I became a roofer and we all just I want a trip, so I started taking acid and mushrooms and just being in a freakin nature, but the summer ended I wanted to go back to high school. So I moved back in with my mom we're the only two white people for 18 blocks. We didn't care we're, not prejudiced I'm in a high school, where the principal's getting his ear. Half-Court off I said mom I gotta quit it's just crazy. I was playing basketball with the varsity team and they threw a ball at me. I thought they were throwing at the other guy and they smashed. My nose and blood went everywhere. They just laughing so hard. You just I had to go so. I joined the army. Hmm here we go here. We go. Why? Why why do you suppose there was so much alcohol and drug use? Is there some kind of secret pain that unites is trying to know my father never suck his dick in my ass in my stepmother was a [ __ ], but you can watch your father pound you're set Mon there, because that's not your mom. You know you do likely never watched my mom. Oh the whole neighbor's, kids, we'd all climb up on the roof, I'd say cigarettes on the movie Goodfellas. You would charge the neighborhood kids to watch your dad. Bang your stepmom stepmother. She was rushing good people, good people, how much money did you make in that racket? I, don't know. I was in eighth grade right and uh, and did you ever beat off watching that never know? Okay, it's one thing: sound tickets to the neighbors kids! Oh damn! It's your dad's, dick bro I. Did that and did the kids ever be it off? They were on the roof like how did that ever suspecting? You were selling tickets to watch him? Have sex I, told them when he told my mom that he [ __ ]. This neighbor went before she died, so yeah I had to get back at him and what? What was his reaction to that mom? He never he's just an [ __ ] millionaire like his brothers I, don't talk to any of the shoe ease. I! Don't talk to my son, the mother that came out of him, the opposite, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah that'd be weird, but either way men Ethan. Can we continue on well here on? No, let's not move along because I'm fascinated by what's what's happened before the army? What's droving you to that point, I mean yeah a lot. You just said a lot, for example, that you don't talk to your son. Why don't I was born a raging drunk I'll? Tell you something right now my mom was a raging drunk and so was I, and you take this AAA meetings that was made up for DWI people. I gotta take 680 meetings before I go back to the court I'm telling you right now, dude to 12 steps. I found a bottle of Ikon the 13 step and shared it with my mom. She used to have a gallon of vodka underneath the kitchen sink. You know you couldn't even pour water back in and fake it. She says. If you want to drink, don't you pour water back in so you said, mark it with a sharpie mark it with a sharpie. So she you learn. What did you benefits Noren drained of all day, it seems like you used to see your mom drunk a lot growing up. You know what what did you think about that when you would see your mom didn't I tell you about AAA meetings, I ain't! Speaking at an a a meeting, I'm a raging, drunk bro, no I, know I made up for Rosie. I, see you! Don't you don't want to go? You don't want to go. Get a motor, we're I, know I used to take my mom's vodka. It wasn't emotional I thought a blackout in understand. We don't want to go there. So that's fine! So don't tell me, go deep what fingers yeah of course? Well? What did? What did you used to think when you saw your mom walking around the house drunk didn't care? That was normal. She used to go on vacations yeah. What does that mean? Did you ever find out what that she used to come home and sing songs, she's to come home with a drunk boyfriend, and he thought he could take advantage of her and I mean my brothers? Would bounce you ever seen a drunk guy from a bar get beat up by a six seven and nine year old I, believe it we're all bad [, __ ]! That's why I'm going in the UFC these hands weren't made for knitting sweaters I mean why I come from a hundred years of boxing bro butter years of rock. So why haven't you spoken to your own son and so long? This is easy to hit. My son is 20 now, but he's just a loser like his mom they're. Just this idiotic country folk that don't understand I spoiled them too much I had a stepdaughter. She had a girl from another dude I'll punch you in the face I ever see you [ __, ], never a thank you, but either way, I didn't even give a [ __ ] I just spoiled them. Just get him everything get ready: I got a lawsuit, I felt through a skylight broke, my back I like a half, a million blew it on video games and PlayStation safer and our dogs cuz. They wanted them either way. You got a move on anything. You only have one chance at life and my whole Shoei family I'm, changing my name, there's shoenice cuz literally my family is nothing but a bunch of [ __ ], one-way, [, __, ] men and it says my grandmother died and my grandfather died. I was raised. Russian Orthodox thank God because look at the Catholic Church, but either way I had a grandfather from Russia that loved us more than any [ __ ] schooi ever did the next question and and and day. Sorry I think my sheets are here: yes, she yeah Mays, knocking on the door and so I love hotels, no bills when you hate the neighbors they leave in a few days. So how are you car you uh? Currently you nice. Do you think that you would make a good Joker jennamarbles leave sorry she's yeah? Do you think you would make a good Joker man here we go Jensen having sex with the joke. Oh take that's fine for Gemma near Lincoln, right right, sure that was a Jack Nicholson fellas! You know that Heath Ledger got murdered by the Olsen twins and they covered it up with a billion dollars, but then the final okay. So so shoo tell me this. You are a knock on the door. Is that just him, because there was no dog barking, hey puppy, so you told him you're on a job interview, shoo and I. Don't believe that that was being truthful interview, everything I say the mystery is the history. The history is the mystery. So what what okay you're out you're in a hotel? Why are you in a hotel currently because I can't stand humanity and come? What does that have to do with being in a hotel people like you? Well, what does that have to do with staying in a hotel, I'm? Sorry, what is miss right now? I knew this. Tb was common, but we're just a little late, but I told them to go down the hall, but they only got one more TV to deliver. I wouldn't get a new TV. Today at your hotel room yeah, we think I own a house Ethan, but that's you know what we settle. This dude down right now, just kidding. So how do you? How do you pay a hotel bill? Do you have money I'm a YouTube, entertainer I get a paycheck every morning from cameo. That's! No! No! That's right! An Armani! Let me pay good. You guys be rich. Do a cameo for us right now! Yeah! No problem! Yeah! Can you get her? It's my birthday. It's my birthday. My name is Ethan. Is my birthday's coming up? I'm gonna turn 32 all right! Here we go. Oh yeah, hey have you say your names, quick, hey, Ella, shoenice again! Well, basically, your beautiful husband Ethan, just paid for a cameo I charge. 15 ellaby's charges 40. So your cameo is beefing on other cameo stars. This is your wife: Ethan shoot if I didn't know better you're trying to seduce my wife, you can have a wonderful day. I wish I could see you right now, viola I know you look pretty thank y'all shoes. So let's go to them. Let's go to the let's go to the army. You sign up for the army. How long did you serve and what division all right? Here we go. Bro I joined the army because I was in that gangster high school and the principal got his ear cut off so I told my mom I'm, just gonna Quinn go to army. It was the last year that you could get in where you promised the army. You got your GED at your AIT station. After that you couldn't get in without a high school diploma, I say: well. What do you got? He's like? I got plumbing and electricity. That's so huh I don't want to get shocked so I took Parman, so I went to basic training. I was the class clown, always the class clown and I shaved a question mark in my head. Now you have your head shape, but you don't have it fully shaved and now homeboys were putting lines back in the Michael Jackson late eighties days and I said. Give me some of that. Goop and I put a big question mark in my head with a dot right here and then I were in chow hall and I already lost my ID, so they were yelling at me and this one drill sergeant seeing me in the barracks looking for this ID, because everything just spread out all over the place. You got people that just hate society screaming at you and I was just like a man, and this guy's like that. You got you realize, what's gonna happen in chow hall, I, so uh, and so we go to chow hall. You got to take your cap off I'm in line trying to stand as tall as I can and I'm. Looking at the peripheral of my sergeants like what he comes over, he grassy he goes. You got a question on your mind. Private now, I did this in reception center two weeks are just being processed and the army to make sure you're. Not some fool and I guess: I got through and I that that thing was he was like: okay man, you I got it. You got a question on your mind. Private I got the answer and they brought me outside and they had a tray of food down on the ground. So I was like all right. They gotta, let me eat so I went down, I pulled up this, whatever mystery meat and it sucked it all down. I went through as a New Yorker, with a question mark on my head, where 90% of the US Army is southern people that think they're, gonna still rise again: hey rise, this southern states, so anyways I, just leave I go to the AIT and I'm the number one plumber ever so I'm, like the top plumber dog in the Army Reserves, as a whatever so I go home and I'm like hey I'm, moving to Florida, so find me a barracks down there. For my one weekend a month you must notice and they're like now. We don't have anything in Florida. We're gonna put you on IRR I said: okay, so the Baghdad starts getting blown up in 1990-91 I, just fought 20 police officers and one so I said: yeah I'm ready for war, so I go off to war man and they got this whole process where rom irr, with a bunch of other bad news, bears from the army and every guys is like yo man. We don't need no plumber and we don't need you want to be a tribe and then this one sirens, uh-uh-uh huh, that [ __ ] gonna burn the Sheep. I said why and he said [ __ ], but I thought he said. Sheep and I said why there's sheep out in the desert, so I was a [ __ ] burner so I just stirred everybody, [ __, ] and I loved it. Diesel, fuel, human feces and everybody just said: hey crazy. It was like a scene from platoon I'm just way better looker! Is that what plumbers do out there? You just you burn, does burn [, __, ] yeah. Sometimes the master sergeant major would come out and yet I go hey, go ahead. Cuz I be burning the [ __ ], but then I had to clean his [ __ ] cuz I didn't put the tin back. I can't put it in back while the shit's burnin he gets a spurt, and so that's that some would say that you saw combat out there just by stirring, okay. Well, basically, I was in the SNT troop, so we were like two miles behind. We just went into [ __ ] northern Kuwait, and we seen a lot of crazy [ __ ], but it just like he could. It all happened within three days and then we're just POWs blah blah blah I was standing on the back of a five-ton without money Cavalier or whatever. They call it helmet and my sergeant always said: wear it so I got blown off cuz. We were taking these pallets over the dune instead of driving him in and [ __ ] Huey's windows blew me off, so I wake up in a mash tent with my eye out to here and they're, like you want a Purple, Heart and I'm like I ain't, going home ain't going back to roof and I want this [ __ ] to last as long as Vietnam she's, like the war's been over so I went back to my tent, my sergeants, like you. When you gonna go home, he actually sounded like the [ __ ] dude from that movie me myself and Irene. So you wanted to stay. You wanted to continue serving two of what going on yeah I, just I decided I, just loved shit-stirring, with your calling in yeah I, just love protecting people. What can you go back to the purple? Did you get a Purple Heart, no I'll be fine, swelling down and eventually so what happened? I didn't quite understand. What was the injury you took. I got blown off the back of a five-ton, acting like an idiot. What what blew you off? The down pressure of the helicopter, what we were doing saving time so we're oaken pallets of like Mr reason, whatever it was mostly just seeing the POWs, but we would just send him over because we had all this [ __ ] barricade. You know the Bob wired she had to move at all times, so we just get one Huey's going and I don't know bro. My sergeant said: never talk about what happened again. You just found the truck yeah I was actually they give you a Purple Heart for falling off a truck. No I didn't get a Purple Heart man, okay night, it they say, go home, they say, go home, I, say I ain't going. What do you think Ethan? You think I'm lying to my dd-214 bro I, don't think you're lying I'm just fascinated by I! Think it's interesting with no. But you know what the best head injury was when I felt through a skylight in the Union man. Tell me about -. Yeah I was just like I got back to this Union I was like hey man, I'm just gonna, be a union guy I'm done with all the roof and owning I. Had a company called nice roofing. You got a leak, we'll take a peek and we're not going to colleges cuz I'm, the back of my truck people loved it. It said, but now that was said, the guy yeah I was the guy that would just go to your roof and I'd, be like okay, again charge these people for current and then a little old lady would come out and say all right: [, __, ] repair for eighteen hundred and I, like I, just went broke being too nice, so I should have been named bad roofing, but anyway, so I'm in the Union, and this dudes like hey, go over and grab this [ __ ]. This is where I'm in the opiate class-action lawsuit I'm, getting about a half million we'll get to that so I'm, just [, __, ] and zoots. Like I, said it's rainin bro. He goes just pull out the Li cords in case the foreman shows up. So I walk by the skylight, but it's painted metal and I thought it was metal pans and he do it on a flat big, huge roof picture, a football field that just you know nothing you've ever been on, and then I was just like I leaned into the glass and I broke through and I just went headfirst and I got this [ __ ] right here. Does this from my uncle throw me into the fireplace rank average per million? What do you think you took brain damage from that? Doesn't take a rocket surgeon, Ethan I'm, looking up at my Foreman he's like? Oh, my god, I'm like how are you in heaven, I fell first Andrew, just like so I ended up going to the hospital for, like two weeks, seven vertebrae fractured learn how to walk again to that change. Did that change kind of how your brain worked after that? Did you feel you were Davi on the oxycontin? Did we're gonna get to that the oxycontin? And so you think what are you drinking alcohol on oxycontin till you can't even just like I. Do that sometimes see with my head? But anyways I'm just hanging out right and I'm finally getting out of the hospital but I'm feeling good and they're, just like yeah they're, just like we're gonna give you a siik on hydrocodone oxycodone, morphine I mean literally I was fed with all these [ __ ] opiates and I was never hope to opiates, so I get home and I'm mom enjoying life I'm just sitting there watching. You know my son played GTA to use about three. He looked up to me and said dad. What's a hooker and so I'm just [ __ ], my lawyer comes in so I'll get you a million dollars. He got me a half a million, but I was jumped out on the opiates for years. Man. Finally, I just was hiding in cornfields in my neighborhood. My wife was just like you're, psycho and I. Just like you know, people always say I left my I didn't leave anything man. I was society. Bro and I was just like. I was just like so jumped out on these opiates, and I was just like I gotta quit everything right now and I just threw it all. In the [ __ ] swamp, and she said you still gotta go and the state troopers came up. I said: listen, I own this property I bought it with my lawsuit. This is a [ __ ], dirty ass, [, __ ], that's gonna own. This place someday but I'm out of here I'm taking the Subaru and I jumped into the Chevy Blazer, just the fooler and headed on down the road bro, and this is right. When YouTube was blowing up, I had [ __ ] Tosh point not tosh point-o world's dumbest I had Vice coming at me. I had so many things going on and I was just jumped out. I met this chick and I was just eating all their kallana fins and I was just like wow, so your whole career was picking up right when you were living your family, it was all happening. If you watch the first videos on the main channel which is going be, you can find them. There's twenty five thousand YouTube videos with my name in them. That's a lot of video. That's a lot of that! [ __ ] more than you more than you h3h3, oh yeah, and and pooty pooty, pi million subscribers. It's about sub. Do you ratio bro? It's about sub view ratio and I'm gonna. Take over this little h3 h3 podcast. You have and we're going back out on the streets once Theodore gets a nursery school because you'll have time off bro you have time off. You have to get back out in the street when you just dude there with the dirty jogging, shorts or jogging pants going vague nation. Yeah people want that. That's true, I know every one of your comments. You don't I, follow every one of your comments. What's let's retire, YouTube is gone. Sure. Let me ask you this. When you left your house. Well, your wife kicked you out of the house for him. Understanding correctly was that the first last time you saw your son yeah, yeah sad scene. Now we talked on Instagram, whatever one shot he's just like me, bro he's just like my father and that my grandfather when I was a kid. My father [ __ ] left my mom for another dick and my grandfather hated, my father for that and then just my father, I [ __ ] you at 17 I, moved out. You can kiss my ass dad I'm moving out and then my son at 12 years old I'm jumped out on opiates, but I got clean and I tried plenty of times to just say hey, but it's the Shoei factor, there's something in our genes and I'm. So happy I got 100% of my mom I got 100. My brothers got a little bit of it because they are. We just said the homeless, packing baby. You know to get us a bottle liquor, but how you take them out all right. Are you ever concerned that you may be your son, sir? Oh [, __ ] dude. You live one time on this planet dude. You can't let the opinions of people in your room today affect your tomorrow because they won't be in it. Daniel tell you that. Do you do ever think? Maybe! Well maybe oh I've never seen one shoenice. Let's see it were you saving that was that a fit you're waiting for the right time is that a meal for you well come on your duty, tampons and you can't finish giant Reese's Pieces. Here we go. Oh my god, yeah! That's! What's up, that's a pro I like how you pause for em to think about what's happening for a more no break yet don't believe by the way. Well, you are natural born entertainer, shoe yeah I want to ask you. How is it possible that you don't blink? Think about that? While you chill hard, you know, I love, how he pauses [Laughter] yeah you need some liquid was that alcohol or water, so through the audio listeners he's got a half pound, Reese's Cup, the biggest I've ever seen it's pretty much the size of his head, he's stuffing in his mouth, it's incredibly thick and dense at the top, and he's really going out of man. That's impressive! You put some alcohol in his mouth lamb. Every inch of his mouth is Reese's it out. Oh yeah, the way he may die right here on string, it's no red he's starting to look more like Joey World Tour put it back in. It looks so much like feces I'm, so honored to be getting a real, skew nice right here, bro, you look like a warrior right now. Are you? Are you, okay, yeah, okay, yeah yeah? So do you need a wipe up or something? Are you good yeah? Do you know how much calories isn't that thing that was so that was so impressive, yeah yeah wipe up, please I mean I. Think I just March grab these. We just witness history thoughts he actually had to blink at the end. Did he blink and you were watching it was staring up? Hmm. What do you thin terview going it's an interview. I, don't know it's a performance! Yes, I like up one-man, show yeah and I. Crying back I mean it looked like he was eating. [, __, ], feces, I, don't think I can ever eat Reese's again. I already. Could? Fourth, oh no I'm, no I'm justified what if he I think he may be dead. All I see it was walls, yeah I mean he turn so red at one point. Well right now we're just looking at a picture of his wall. He's cleaning up, I, think but oh I mean I hope he's not just dead on the kitchen are on the bathroom floor of his Motel 6 Brad good as new I told these mofos about three times I'm doing these in a tree tree, but they're Mexicans, I gotta, get this TV moved in hold on okay go ahead. They said, though, there's a TV installation. Apparently do you get TVs installed at hotel rooms? Now, oh, my god, someone come help me. It's water all over the wall, ma'am, so I never lived in a hotel. I, don't know, I mean I've heard of it before, but like at a motel, 6 and I know a think you're better off just paying rent for a place. I mean that's that's like. When do you pay all I could possibly guess who could possibly guess what's really going on over there? Thank you, yeah. Let's see him. Let's put him on the mic in here. Put him on the mic. Can they hear us? Can you hear us can't hear us at the chorus bro? We got to turn off the power and stuff. Okay, glad you got the. Can you hear me? Oh that's it. We were blessed to have that it was a. It was a lot of I mean a lot happened, a lot. We learned a lot. You know I think, but there was a lot he's an interesting guy I. Think if I can recap, we learned a lot of stuff about you one. It sounds like a very, very rough childhood yeah, it's hard to tell what's really going on and he obviously doesn't like to really talk about it and I think there's how how does shoenice become shoenice I feel like it's hard to tell, but it's also not like well yeah. It's obvious that it wasn't a typical healthy up. Granite gneiss is like a diamond only under extreme pressure and environment. Can you produce such a brilliant jewel, but is is um? You know how sometimes you would make the where he's all upset at us and we will be kind of worried right, but I feel like I'm. Not worried anymore, he's kind of uh. Can you call Dan I'm just looking at the discord yeah it's on the screen hold on. He stepped away from the mic: okay, yeah! Well, just don't show that yeah go ahead. Sorry, I I don't feel like as worried as we were and you feel less worried after that and is like I. Don't feel like he's someone who would hurt? No I, don't worry Oh. Another person is just a crazy entertainer. I was never really concerned about him coming to our house or anything but I, don't know, I mean it'd be hard to sit in the same room as him and control that you would have no control, there's no, no good yeah, but I think he was. He was drunk for sure mm-hmm and you know shoo. He quit drinking a while ago. It looks like he was getting in shape, but he's definitely slammed the bottle right there before us, and that sounds like and I mean I'm not saying this to be fun, but it sounds like he has brain damage, some measure of brain damage from all the head. Injuries, I, don't know, it also has a great memory, though yeah he has a great. He really has a fire memory. You bring up any little detail of our relationship over the years right, but he said he fell out of a window, a skylight and landed on his head, and then he also got a serious head damage when he was on tour in the military. Mm-Hmm and falling off a truck fell off a truck and they wanted to send him home, but he wanted to keep stirring that [ __ ] on fire, and then he was that a rock under crash, oh and he was in a helicopter crash and then when he was showing the head scar. He also said his stepfather threw him into a wall or something so. The guy has sustained a lot of head injuries, yeah a lot of head injuries, because you know he, unlike a very bright and I, want to say like quick-witted, individual but I think from a lot of drug use and hand, injuries he's turned he's morphed into what we know now: Noah's shoenice, but nice he is nice yeah. He came. He certainly can be Wow I, wonder really what well I'm feel blessed. I mean that rhesus lamb was incredible, though I'm just I'm, so happy and thankful there's some reason that seems harder than like a whole bottle of vodka yeah for him. [ __ ] is like water, six slamming a bottled water. That rhesus was the hardest thing. I ever saw. Oh, we almost did an hour. Dance said: okay, great Wow. Well, guys shoenice is on he's on what is it called cameo cameo? Let's make sure that he can stay in motel five as long as he needs and he's also on YouTube I, don't know what his YouTube is, though he said he wanted five thousand subs, but I don't know he changes his YouTube channel every week. What's his man, what is his main YouTube channel damn the most recent one he seems to always be uploading on is called shoenice official channel he's got a hundred K subscribers on it. Oh really, let's take one for K, no yeah, you a nice official channel I. Guess he posted a video. Oh I! Don't have the screen of 2022 big things. Alright, oh, you can switch the input on the TV back over to yours. If you want the screen back yeah, let's do that. Yeah. One hour ago, h3 shoenice a long awaited collab 15 seconds. Try now Ethan guys, take it easy I'm about five minutes away from being on h3 h3 podcast. If you never heard of them subscribe now, because you'll never hear a story told like this mm-hmm it wasn't that true! Well, that's it I mean I had I mean there's no better way to end the show than that I mean yeah. How else do we? How else do we? It left my wait. So many mixed emotions- it's well I, wanted to ask more, but he doesn't. He didn't really want to get home with his family on his son. Some really sad yeah, deep, deep, yeah and I have no idea what's really going on with them, but it sounded rough I'm like I, don't know, sounds kind of lonely, but he does have a dog. Sir. That's cool, yeah! Well, who really knows what goes on over at shoenice headquarters, but we thank him for coming on the show and opening his his life to us from this you know: hmm. What I was wondering is that a meal for shoenice the Reese's hit unless he puked it all out, and we didn't get that last game. He does that guys. So many questions for sure well, we'll have to get part. Two we'll see. I think it was fascinating. Yeah I was intrigued. That was captivated. Do you think that I would be a good Batman to him being the Joker yeah I would watch that I know it's not be awesome directed by Tommy, wise, oh I, guess that's it huh I guess so! Well, thank you guys for watching mm-hmm I might replace you with shoenice. That's okay. I can't understand that he's very entertaining replace dad who shoot ice that year. Guys's jobs are safe, help him out I think he needs it more than me. Mmm I'm, sweet I'm, rather yeah I, don't know yeah, but I'm. Happy with it. You know, I am I, do feel blessed. That cameo is probably the best birthday gift. Apologies Ethan, you did get me some good gifts, but no pretty good I like the way he framed it like I, like you gotyou that was nice, Oh stuff, so we'll be back on Friday and do we have? What do we have any guests lined up Daniel, just good old-fashioned times my dudes? Okay, we always say Friday, but we don't postal Saturday, that's true! Nothing on this show makes any sense. Yeah, that's true! Yeah. We record on Friday we post Saturday morning as this is recorded on Tuesday and will be posted on Wednesday morning. You know, what's weird too, is that we're gonna pause this and then we're gonna go record. The first part yeah telling the illusion man, it's the band of the show. Nobody watched this, don't tell anyone. If you watch this deep, say, wow I can't believe Ethan has lost so much weight. He looks incredible. The intermittent fasting windows really seems to be working, and the vegetarian lifestyle is a great system that you developed here, because you really don't remember that you asked him yet say that and then and I didn't even fall out of a skylight on my head. It's a great motivational yeah thing. I do think that you are losing weight, but I will actually don't want to say anything so forget about what I just said: okay, forgotten, shoenice. Okay, all right guys, we'll see you on Friday! Thank you. So much God bless. Thank you for watching shoenice again, thank [Music].