- boy, oh boy, do we have an episode here for you today, there's so much to talk about in so little time? Wouldn't you agree? Ii love! My beautiful co-host I choose to disagree. Why would you disagree with that you're saying that we have nothing to talk about and as much time as possible that doesn't even make that Dan in and Zack the team that could we like to defer them as they could do it all they make me look good. Well, not always that kind of bothers me. Today's episode is sponsored by honey and rink and I also have a very exciting announcement. Let's hear it that there's a new teddy fresh collection out live right now, teddy fresh calm, daddy bear with the eye patch and a look cute sweet little baby bear teddy fresh two years ago, and this is basically me and D adore ya. [ __, ] I got an eyepatch and I seen [ __ ] and who did that I'm wearing is a collaboration with an artist that I really like her name is ISA or gentle thrills on Instagram. So she made this art and it's also on the t-shirt. So let me show you guys briefly what we've got here: the color-block quilt- oh sorry, BIOS I'll show it on here. They call it buck. Quilted jacket, the teddy fresh, teddy fresh Teddy, fresh Teddy's, fresh Teddy, fresh sweater for lack of a better name. We've got more colors of the three panel Lily AK and black. This is the hoodie that ela was showing off lilac or luleå. I, don't know, probably lilac. This is the one that I had it's an dusty rose and black right or die teddy bears on a bike, ride or die. That's hard, garment, dyed, long-sleeve, and then this is the one you was showing I think this one is worthy of getting a closer look at you know, Carmen died, so it looks a little kind of like washed out look at those graphics, Oh. It's Teddy in space, okay, Teddy, first calm and find those sucks, and you know we make the best socks in the game. I'm. Just you know: I'm gonna I've said it before I'm gonna say it again. We make the best socks in the game. Put it on, feel it on your foot and then talk to me about it. If you want to dispute it talk to me after you've, worn it. Okay, that's all I have to say about Teddy, fresh cotton, I'm, Teddy, fresh calm, Teddy, fresh gotta, calm, new collection at Teddy, fresh, calm, right ela, no just in time for the holidays too. Now, let's do a summary of our last episode was a somewhat hallmark episode of the h3 podcast, and there was a lot of controversy surrounding it as well. We had shoenice after much deliberation wondering should we have, should we not have him well, it finally happened and overall I have to say that seeing the fallout of this interview, mate makes me think that it went pretty well because we got like a good set like at least a coherent, isn't really even the right word, but I mean somewhat presentable: side of shoenice, alright I. We finally understand where the name comes from yeah I, don't know if people knew it. I didn't know, he's the nice Shoei yeah. His last name is chewy and he thinks his family's, not nice, but he's the nice he's the nice one who hate to see what his brothers are like. Here we go. So let me let me show you guys kind of what happened in the aftermath of that interview, but the reception in general was people saying that it was sad, tragic entertaining, but mostly sad. Lots of sadness and I mean I'm right there with them. I yeah that guy's seen some [ __ ] man he's hit his head. A bunch he's got brain damage, he's been a he's had been addicted to every like opiates, alcohol. It sounds like his mom was a drunk yeah. I was like he lost his family. He's got no one. They are long, yeah, disowning anymore, something that dude was shooting from like a motel room and he hung up unexpectedly, as they were coming to apparently install a TV, but I've never heard of that happening at a motel. Have you no, but I? Never lived in a hotel, I, don't know what that's like he's got to get in there. Somehow I guess no, this video he uploaded. What's this what's the timeline, when did he look like the next day? Well yeah any morning? Yes, and it wasn't an upload, it was actually a livestream right and it was short I. Don't know how what order you want to tell this all in, but this was shortly after I started to receive many emails from him. Ok, so let me give some context yeah. He took this video [, __, ], I, guess way. He took this down after 2 hours and in that time he changed the title five times. The first title was we troll to h3, h3 8 and then the second one was h3 h3 podcast aftermath. They love me in parenthesis, then it took takes a turn. Ethan from h3 h3 is a dick fourth, one was h3 h3 and Ethan is worse than Ted B. What does Ted be Ted, Bundy right that that was my son? Is that, like his his poltergeist Ted, Bundy I? Guess that predates me and then finally, h3h3 destroys of lives for monetary purposes and eventually so, who caught all this changes yeah? How did you catch all those, because I only saw we troll at age 3 in a variety of ways, I mean we were. We found the video, but then people were also posting it to the subreddit quite a bit and every time they would post it. It was getting posted with a different title record. Yeah téa's did it's a real teamwork with I should before we watch this I should also show you the amount of emails we've got yeah, alright, the more like then got from him. Well I was on CC on all of them and but then I mean, but there they wrecked it. I've been anything else. We've got just in the past, let's see about a month or so, but this bolt yeah. But if you look from the 10th, then he you got for yesterday and then this week alone looks like you got like 20 yeah, it's fantastic [Music]. He replied. Let's watch the video, so here is his response to the interview: a live stream. Two of two minutes in direction: I present to you shoenice. We did it guys. We did it moocher old, a tree three, what a loser, what a [, __, ] slob neck, disrespects people like me, uh uh, I, went even I, went I will always want to get J, 3, H, 3 cuz. That's who I am different, I'm a legend and you got trolled a deal with it. I will never support your channel or your legal. You just disrespect me. What did I do? I, don't understand what set him off. I I, don't know what he trolled either I thought we had a like. These are great questions that we got that he got us to UM, have him on and sympathize with him, even though he secretly hates us or he hates us, but he acted like I. Do believe this is my question. No okay, no baby go he's like is trying to create drama. May you think? So? No, then, why would he be sending us hateful emails because he wants us to believe it? Hey you I mean it's a it's an interesting theory he's not a dumb dumb he's. Not stupid, he just has a brain damage. There's a difference. Apparently I've been snoring drain the wall day. Let's continue the loser. Ethan fold, you're a loser, dude look into the eyes of the people. Yeah! You pick on your [ __ ] podcast, you ain't no better than the scum on the bottom of your night shoe. This is such a joker memory: cancer, like you Ethan in the YouTube world and I'm so happy that I burned you and the biggest troll ever oh I Spit on your microphone. Your dogs I won't spin on ela she's, beautiful I'll. Try by the way he always has reference for you after you burned him on Twitter because he wrote us some hate mail, it hate email like really vicious hate. You know and then at the end he said, PS tell ill I love her I. Think she'll leave you for me. Someday I just feel like your spirit is further than yours: you're, straight-up, scum, Ethan and you'll. Never ever ever get better I need to until you shut your trap and let people talk when you're interviewing them. He had a good night that your buddy was loving, where he told me to he said: Ethan you're always interrupting people, and everyone thought that was like a great moment for sure nice and so I think he's really running with that mm-hmm trap and let people talk when you're interviewing you ain't. Nobody, your eyebrows are just [ __ ], like me, I pretend not to blink, and you pretend, like you, can't stop moving your eyebrows. Hence the pure scum, Ethan and I'm hope you I hope you see this video I'm gonna go take a nap, but before I do kiss my ass [ __ ] kiss my ass Ethan you're, nothing, eight three, eight Street, ah shoenice for life, I got you I got you like a [ __ ] scrub, neck sick DISA toe. So he just came on election for two minutes. I, don't know what I did I thought. We had a good time and not take a nap after that, because the emails continued. What did I do to deserve this shoe nice, but this is the thing with your scrub neck scrub, neck total, scumbag, I love how it goes come back. I really do like the way he talks he's kind of eloquent in a weird way. He goes your total you're, a total scam Ethan like so such disappointment, you're a total scumbag Ethan. He was beautiful though, so, are your feelings hurt? No, but this is why I was worried to have Shu nice first of all, besides having him on I'm glad we did the Skype interview, but this was why I was so worried to have him in the studio cuz. You all joked and laughed at me about bringing him in, and a straitjacket like Hannibal Lecter, but I, just I think he's too unpredictable his moods and his personalities on day to day. He loves me and then I get like I get really bad vibes from him on other days. So I don't know, I mean. Ultimately, this is a man and suffering. There's a man in pain, I don't know. Do you think that what do you think should we not be even be broadcasting she? Oh nice content. I, do think that it gives him joy in life that he's at least because I mean he's posting all the time on YouTube he's he's craving attention and yeah and views frankly, an audience so I think that, ultimately, it does make him very happy to be included, but at the same time he is not well. So what do you do about that? Mm-Hmm? That's a good question! I! Think it's fine, because I mean obviously at least we can keep an eye on him one. We keep an eye on him too. He makes a little cameo money. Three you know I feel like this was an act like he's. Just it could be that that could be till certainly could be. He erased the video, though, why would he erase the video? That's part of is a method actor? Yes, so dedicated. Let's see, we got comments on his video. He was responding to people good troll next, next, one ever it took years. He said this. This may be why he was angry. He said [ __ ], don't even offer me. Twenty dollars for a bag of weed I know that coming [ __ ] got paid, of course, referring to Whitney Cummings, our previous guest, who, by the way, did not get paid shoenice. We don't pay our guests, but I'd be happy to send you. Twenty bucks, I, don't think anyone guess shows like this. That's not a thing! Well, people usually are coming on here to promote something. So if anything, if anything I've heard of the opposite, where they'll pay to get on a show, definitely is the exposure. Yeah and, moreover, I mean I. Think that basically was our understanding with Shue is that he wanted to come on because he was rebuilding his channel after it right. The woman got deleted, so I mean at at least at some point. There was an understanding that that was the benefit of coming on and he didn't gotta, but he got a big subscriber boost from oh, he did oh, he did yeah. Did you change over 100k? No, hmm, so why you been striving for a long time. You think he was in the immediate after we should buy some cameos from him and see how those go you should buy a meal. He spoke he continues. Ethan is the most annoying dude with a microphone on YouTube I, always hated Ethan. My greatest role ever I think to troll. You would have have to have you pretended to like me the whole time he never has changed that soon. Ethan has destroyed so many YouTube channels, but never touch mine. Next time, Ethan ela come on my [ __ ] podcast. There you have it folks. Thank you, nice up to his regular antics. You know I will say on a positive note: I was looking through Sean Isis, old backlog and I have to give it up to our boy. Shoe I found this video and and Zach. This is gonna. Make you blush is gonna, make you feel insecure. Our boy shoe nice, slams, 20 ounces of mayonnaise in less than a minute and I thought this was very relevant to what we do on this show. So one shoot I say got we got a walk. Basically, I'm gonna bring back some of the stunts that nobody could ever be me at. One of them was slamming mayonnaise either way. This is 20 ounces, I'm gonna put the tap back on I'm gonna skip ahead to the a spoon for you, add 20 ounces back watch closely. Now in 24 hours, no I'll start look how he just takes it down boy like that's that I ever seen. That's the best food dude, that's shoenice right there dude, that's so gross he's just pouring it in his mouth and like he's, basically not even swallowing it's just it's just pouring down his throat a whole non-stop stream and I like how it cleans up his like chin as dude I mean. What are you guys? How are you guys feeling to this I'm not watching come on what I watched the first 20 seconds and I've had enough all his grunting come on you're, not even sporting it in your mouth, the least you could do is watch Zach. Are you feeling insecure I mean all the crazy [ __ ] this guy does. It looks like you struggled the most with his vanity, like with the Half Dome. Oh I, think it's pretty inspiring to be honest, yeah I, don't know what to say: I mean if he just keeps going and eating crazy, [, __, ], I, think I. Think people will always watch, but he just he goes on all these weird tangents of like shoenice ASMR I mean I'm serious. He did a shoenice ASMR Channel. He did like I mean what is this thumbnail Twizzlers candy eating h3 inspired no blinking! You guys know what this thumbnail is. What is that does anybody know? Is that him? Oh maybe it is paper clipping. Maybe he was in a newspaper, my god. He was like a handsome young man. He looks jacked well, he was yeah that does look like him actually shoenice to whistlers candy eating h3. Inspired no blinking. You guys want to watch this. Everyone shoot ice again. Well, basically, I'll join your minotaurs, miss gatina. You guys get kid yeah there you go, he still hasn't blinked his eyes are watery no looks like he's just chewing on a organ cuz. It's all been red and bloody, yeah, okay, so shoenice so I, don't know, I mean I've I do I want to keep including Shu nights in the in the podcast. I. Think he's an interesting addition, but ultimately I guess we'll have to wait and see what are your thoughts either I. Don't take it seriously when he liked that stream and those emails but I, don't know hard to say like that. Take some there was lots of memes on the subreddit regarding I feel like when we saw him during the interview. That was the real him right. I hope so I think, if anything that that being mean is the acting she nice is at home like. Finally, somebody understands me he's getting deeper and deeper in love with you. You know, but he claims he trolled to you guys. How did he control you Adam unclear on I? Guess the troll is that he hates us anybody yeah that he secretly hates us, but he didn't say it, but then why? Wouldn't he just say it when he was on the podcast right? That would be a troll of yeah. In the end he put up us well, it wasn't live, so he really couldn't troll us if it was live. He could like put up a sign. That said, like some awful something awful I, don't know could show his dick it was live. There was meme reactions, of course, on the subreddit reddit.com SAR slash HDTV productions. This is a picture of Ian. Looking revolted me during the shoenice interview. This was my favorite YouTube since these little surveys on videos. What did you think of this video? It's the shoenice episode. Please tell us why it says calming and life-changing I love that, like they even have life change, yeah life can't think of one YouTube changing except the shoenice podcast these things, and this episode too, is life-changing Theodore last time, Ethan upload on the faint gentle baby, Yoda Theodore. Now really it's been like five months shoenice on the podcast fans ethan, trying to salvage the episode h3 starter pack, chomp chomp slurp munch ela I'm over it dan. Do we have chips, sorry to interrupt Zach Arby's, yes, Ethan, I, gotta, pee, so bad kawaii, F, shredder and Alfredo. There was a special moment in that last episode with shredder and Alfredo fighting in the back of the the couch I didn't see it, but I heard it was very cute. They do do that. All the time Ethan tries to understand why shoenice is laughing uncontrollably shoenice it you wouldn't get it it's like -. So what keeps you up at night me? The picture is nice dying on the Reese's. That was like I think it's farcical. I am so that was one of the best look at that face. Somebody wants to know what how Oliver tree is been breeding with little chickens, because they have bold cuts that really beautiful bowl cut this this one I'm gonna need your guys's help to figure this one um. This one was on our subreddit with 12,000 points and as far as I can tell it's not related at all to h3, h3 and I. Frankly, don't even understand. What's so appealing about it, never forget when Akon performed in Africa and didn't want to get a bowl. It's just him in a you know: a bubble he's in a bubble and he's getting likes crowd surfing in a bubble, and they have any context. I I got no clue. This had 12,000 points. I looked it up. This happened in 2014. It's not even like a recent occurrence. I mean it's funny, it's funny, but it just I, don't know if it's 12,000 up votes funny, but and also how did he even get like the first hundred, because it's just what so I mean irrelevant, but wait is that a true story? I, don't think they get Ebola he's just performing I've seen other artists. Do that bubble thing it's just they just do it for fun. I would assume that people in the audience do not have Ebola hope. That would be it. That would be bad well, there you have it that wow there's more there's a whole nother folder it this I, don't have this article is real, but what do you got there? Eula confirming that he did that he said specifically because he didn't want to get Ebola yeah I. Don't think that even makes sense, because it's not a closed ecosystem unless he would run out of oxygen I come performed in a bubble Africa to avoid contracting Ebola, but still what's the relevance, it's you know, despite being born in st. Louis, Akon considers Africa to be his home, so when he performs in large outdoor spaces, I feel like this is not this campus I see I see a few articles for that. One debunking that, though I can't imagine like, even if that was just aa process, there's no way he would give an interview like yeah I, just I'm doing this, so I, don't yeah this article that I found it has links to other artists. Doing the same thing: oh, not in Africa. Is there anything in the comments about wises here, no I don't have the thread. Why did everyone? Why was it run? Okay, with that being there and I didn't erase it either cuz, like you know, I don't want to rain on people's parade. It was obviously performing so well. Yeah I had the same experience. I saw it when I had like 9,000 of folks, yeah I went to remove it. I'm like but I, don't know, I hate when mods do that, where it's like something's blowing up and they're like irrelevant yeah, it's kind of like this one really doesn't make sense anyway. There's more memes back me up here, guys the guys the comments that was when we were talking about looking at Instagram people had a curiosity in the comments back from me a big time. You guys left me in the trench taking grenades time to sleep. Yes, it's a disability, mobility, scooter, I! Guess they here's Ethan, that's poor me Dan, Zack and kicking me while I'm down comments coming to give me a hug. Oh yeah, he'll is giving actually kicking me sugar, girls, one there I wipe my ass with soap, Zack rest again whatever, so this is some kind of should we move on I feel like you seem to get really dull. So in the comments on that thread, they were just talking about it. There's no. Nobody acknowledged that it's on our subreddit. How many points does it up? Now? It's almost 13! Okay, it really doesn't have that many comments for how many it's just bizarre, all right. Let's move on barely gotten through this episode, like I, got out of the [ __ ] that talking about, for example, McDonald's fights we got to set the record straight. We've been giving Popeyes a lot of [ __ ] for we've, been saying: oh they're, so violent, well, Dan. Of course the devil's advocate came out. The Woodworks is like well actually people fight at McDonald's too. It's true now for I have to say you didn't really change my mind that Popeyes isn't the most violent, because these you there's like four clips here. Over, like decades, I've got 10, there's a subreddit dedicated of Popeyes violence in the last two weeks. That's fair, but I do want to point out. I those I found that in all of like five minutes of looking like that's how easy it was, but not that's, probably mcdonalds fights, because the papa power violinist [, __ ], the popular thing is new, so this one's actually too violent to show, but it's in a McDonald's and there's a quite a few of them. On our actual there's, actually a hundred people and I'm wondering why is there so many people McDonald's? It's like a total street brawl inside McDonald's with the real cube. This one is the guy who pulls out a red, yeah, yeah and then, and then somebody I'll show the raccoon part. It's just yeah. It is very violent areas. See here. I'll just show you guys the part with the raccoon, but you can see, look how many people are McDonald's. What the hell I've seen remember in New York, the McDonald's was always like that packed hmm, I guess you're right yeah, if it's in like a really urban play yeah, but even that damn man, how does so many people get in a fight at McDonald's anyway, homie on the Left cruises in without some kind of any sharing I wish. I could show this to guys, but it's honestly too violent to even entitle man gets punched that that ones honestly just too violent to see they're, not that, oh, so these are pretty violent yeah. The only one that I think we could watch was the regular day at McDonald's, which I did enjoy this one. Let's enjoy this one together, shall we they're just throwing like a french fry tray at each other back and forth. It's also they're, not fighting they're, just the rowing of like french fry tray at each other. So I pick those french fries buns. Everywhere it's pay off it's just it's just one [ __ ] week, one worker and one get off we're having like ultimate PD yeah, just do another tray on a Mac like ten employers proffered somebody will be better at a fish with Popeye dan. You can't talk, Popeye Samoa stabbed to death. There I mean you're skipping. Some of these. No, the next one is a guy gets punched through a [, __, ] glass yeah. That one was intense here. I'll play it so that you got a hit here, just the audio alone, so I'll describe what's happening so apparently, the the employ the McDonald's employee was starting beef with with this guy, and the guy throws him through a window, though McDonald's yeah, the guy, actually pretty great. Like this guy thinks he can take him and he starts pulling as he tries to push him and he realized - he's way out of his league like watch. He doesn't even move in then he goes for his hair he's just balling his hair, and now he just the roses asked to a [ __ ] window. That was a clean knock out. That was a clean. Apparently, nothing happened like that. Maybe was ruled self-defense cuz, the other guy attacked him. What if he just got the work kept working at McDonald's? No, not the employee though, but do you think he kept his job? Oh, that's! A good question. I would think he would get fired for that. So there you have it. Then you got your I'm just saying you like the new kid on the block, but this is all because of the sandwich that we're seeing this this surge I know McDonald's has been here for decades people don't people who die over Matt over over Big Macs, honestly, hmm, no you wouldn't he look. Oh I just started well. I just remembered I was watching this documentary about the CEO key. It was really interesting on Netflix he's like started hot yoga, and he was just like raping all of his students. Bikram yoga yeah yeah yeah yeah he's like the gnarliest dude. It's really interesting, not funny, but it's funny cuz, it's so shocking, because everyone's like dude every time there's this guy who's like I'm, the Messiah and yeah the guy that you need to listen to he's raping somebody every time. Just know that going into anything. If there's this big personality he's got all these followers. All these worshippers he's raping somebody there [Music], it's really interesting, don't want to I, didn't get to finish it. It's interesting, Allah, said McMuffin and then that like jumped in your head right, that was like your first thought. Yeah didn't know why - with getting fat and then maybe that somehow associated with yoga trying to lose weight all right. It's a break time. It is we'll be right back guys after this commercial break short, quick entertaining funny hilarious, don't skip their surprises throughout we'll, be here. Take your time. Watch every minute go to link, buy the [ __ ]. That's there teddy fresh calm in time for the holidays, see you guys in a minute honey. Ha ha. You know what honey does it saves you money automatically on the internet whenever you browse it's magic, it's literally magic. Now you know what's great gifts on the holidays, you know it's not great overspending, but you don't have to with honey. Honey is a free browser extension that automatically finds the best promo codes whenever you shop online 20,000 sites across the internet, including Amazon eBay, j.crew, Sephora, Expedia, Target, Best, Buy, medica da doop doop a get a get, a all those stores and more here's. For example, we were just browsing like we do shopping like we do. What was this a opening ceremony ceremony, BAM slam when you go to the checkout and you click checkout honey, kicks into action scours the web for the best coupon codes available? That's right and it's just saved us $26 that we would have never saved before it's so easy. It's risk free! It's free! You just install it in two clicks about a being bada-boom Bob is your uncle confirmed, confirmed and before you know it, you're gonna be saving money in places. You never knew that you were it's fantastic honey. It's over 10 million members with over a billion dollars in savings. What that just grows? Every time we talk about Lillian, that's like how many McDonald's hamburgers McDonald's is sold, or they probably crushed that number. A while ago, when I was a kid I used to say a billion I think they crushed that number honey supports over 20,000 stores and has over 100,000 five-star reviews on the google chrome store lightning. If you're buying gifts this holiday season, then you need honey. If you're, not you probably know someone who is so do them a solid and tell them about honey. Honey can help make sure you're getting the best price for whatever you're buying it's free to use. You install it in just two clicks: get honey for free at join honey, calm, slash, h3, one more time, folks get that pen down right! Well, don't just do it in URL, don't even write it on paper! Join honey, calm, /, h3, lightning, bolts. This season could be a whirlwind of deliveries, visitors and holiday travelers. So it's best to take your time to keep your eye on the doorbell in the house, no matter when the holidays, ours, because, let's face it just because it's Christmas and just because you can trust Santa coming down your chimney, you cannot trust the people who are coming and robbing everyone in your neighborhood like what was happening to us. That's why I got a ring of security around my house. Six ring floodlights motion-activated sensors. At any time, somebody stepped to my house whether it was a coyote, a raccoon or some drunk dude casing our house, which did happen. I get a motion-activated detector and, let's say some wise guy actually wants to break into your house. Guess what happens? It saves a video to the cloud. So if some genius some masterminds in there and trying to disconnect the internet turn off the power, it's too late, I've already got you sucker. If you're in Hawaii taking a vacation, you still get the notification and guess what else you could do from the phone when you're watching these burglars try to get in your house or some scumbags doing whatever they're doing you could blast them with the siren. You could talk to him and say: hey scumbag I see you. The police are on the way well well they're, out of there guaranteed or let's say that you're, not a cynical and afraid of the world as I. Am it works great as a doorbell, hello, who's there I could see you on my phone. Hey. Can you leave the package? Yes, sir I can leave the package. Stop. Are you having a dispute with FedEx because the package wasn't there check, ring Chuck ring you'll, see what happened? Did he leave the package? Maybe he took it that happens. Sometimes it's all on ring. They've also got the neighborhood app. You can see what everyone your neighborhoods up to a suspicious activity, gossip whatever it is: coyote warnings, police warnings, everything, it's really good. Gossip and I love checking it because the people there are crazy but in a good way super entertaining way. It's like Facebook on crack and everybody's anonymous too. So it's awesome and they're all in your neighborhood, it's sewed up as a listener. You have a special holiday offer on a ring starter kit available right now with a ring video doorbell too and motion-activated flood cam. The starter kit has everything you need to build a ring of security around your home, no matter what this holiday season brings with the ring. You're, always home, just go to ring /h 3 it that's I got the burp, that's ring comm, /h 3! Additional terms may apply. We are back. We are back back back back dan, just fat shamed me, oh wow, how dare you I? Didn't we're ordering veggie grill I've been so good I've been losing weight. People everybody's telling me that I look skinnier I, do think you're losing weight. Well, I've been vegetarian for two weeks, but on the feeding window for a month, I think I really started losing it. When I went vegetarian interesting but I like being a vegetarian, but anyway we're all done from veggie girl for everybody and Dan goes: I ordered the impossible burger, the mondo nachos and the Far East Bowl, because I couldn't decide what I wanted and then goes. Wow dude really [, __ ], you Dan bro, you don't know me: I want a feeding window. My window is open, you're characterizing it that you couldn't decide wow. That's not that's! Why I got all three. That's the thing we sometimes we like to get backup options, backup, if you don't like something, it happens to me so many times, well order food and then I, don't like it and then I'm just starving the backup option is real. You don't know anything about me! Dan! You don't know what my eating habits are like and by a way, must I remind you that the feeling window is currently open on when it's closed, there's no food. What Eva said makes sense, but you you said you got the burger last time and it didn't do it for you. Yes on you! So right so don't have anything. You would not like, but I think if french fries my dad had a friend, though his name was mondo. What's his last name, nacho mondo. Is that an Israeli name? It's the weird one Israel it's weird, maybe must be a NIC shirt for Armando I. Don't think! There's not an ID on't know that one Hispanic person, actually you had a Hispanic cousin. True he's adopted right yeah, but Armando is not really a name. You come across in Israel, no fair enough. Well, even if he's adopted his name's, probably like each mila, what's his real name, what's a classic is really named. Alec I'm, not gonna, be I mean dude Cybertron. Oh I also have good news about the weight loss pursuing that the bidet I've been using them a day and I don't wipe anymore, don't use toilet paper, I caught you in action today we were getting ready for the podcast and we were late and I and I know that anything was supposed to like be ready and I hear all this water I thought likewise taking a shower now yeah. How do I show this and then I realize it's Debbie day, I, don't know if I can't show this whole thing, but phenomena pian. You know record me without me. Knowing the water was so loud yeah. We can hear it, but we didn't hear Ethan's response because he talked over according I thought. We were just having a laugh, go violate it a little bit, but here's the thing and your brother raised his points me and I thought it was smart. Well how I was using the bidet before is that I was wiping and then when I would usually go for a baby, wipe I will go for the bidet. He says when you wipe you're, basically just smearing [ __ ], all over your [ __ ]. If you go with the chunks intact, the bidet is more effective because it just kind of cuz you're, basically painting your [ __ ] right over this, though well I, agree, made me a little something I agree, but he was right. He was right and so I went and I sat on the bidet like full chunks. That's too gross I agree it's disgusting, but this you need to hear the thing about the bidet in our bathroom is that you can you're facing the wall so you're. Looking at the drain, you could see everything going down the drain and you can see [ __ ] chunks going down the tree. This is not our bathroom anymore. It's your bathroom and I, don't even step in there ever since you're using the B day. Well, you have your own bathroom I, can't even walk into that room. I invited you to use it, I'm surprised, you're, so grossed out, I, don't know it's just the whole earth. What's wrong with those [ __ ] today dude but yeah there was [ __ ] I could see SH like [ __, ] chunks, it's [, __, ], crazy and then I. Didn't actually ask me if I want to see him in action. Well, that was after I was already I. Just wanted you to see the posture that you don't want to see it. No I'm just gonna leave the door open to watch, but anyway, I did that I didn't wipe and I just sat and I. Let it go. Obviously I'm not gonna, go about my day after that. I need to make sure the clean was efficient. I got a baby, wipe afterwards and I went in and it was clean man. It was spotless, so the baby wipe I was a test. That was a just a test, but it was spotless mm-hmm. It was pretty amazing. Man I didn't have to put my hand in my [ __ ] at all at any point during the poop transaction exited my body, and there was no hand to ask. That's the thing about soaping the butthole I. Just don't I know a lot of people voice their concern that I'm that that's a common thing to do with the voice. The the soap in the bot hole. I just don't see the need to soap, the [ __ ], clean, there's, no purpose for soaping the [ __ ] clean folks. It's better, not to put your hand there at all you're. The one I can't believe that you feel that way after you're, the one that's been saying for years now that it's like you have to wipe like 50 times, I'm, never putting my hand in my [ __ ]. Do you understand the baby, wipe it's go, tween my hands, but I'm, never dude I. The baby wipes is between my hand and apparently the soap is between. No that's your bare hand on your bare [, __ ] that [ __ ] just gave you can cause bear if it's covered in soap. From what I understand you use the soap? No, that's ridiculous! You can't you can't just take a bar, so people said they use liquid soap. Oh yeah! That's what I'm saying you can't take a bar soap and like just hit your o-ring. Alright Zach no be alright. People say they use. They use a liquid soap. Okay, most people are saying these liquid soap. Is that or is that not hor yeah? We got many responses from mostly European fans. You know those normal. You know those little things that like I use them a lot for Theodore's bottles. It's like a little thing: it's like a little metal hook with bristles, so you can get in tight places. That's what I use my [ __ ]. You know what I'm saying like a little hole and you got to that's what I use, maybe too much you're laughing though I am I, said lady, but I'm not sure that it's too much I don't get the liquid soap I, just don't, but regardless I didn't wipe I exited clean, no need to [ __ ] soap, my [ __ ] I shower every day, I'll soap, my [ __ ] at that point, but I don't need to touch my [ __ ]. Can we just say less [ __ ], like butthole, oh ring, just don't, say it: oops exit, poop, chute lube, it garage poop, the poop hangar, the poop, the poop Park, the poop coaster, so that I thought was interesting and important information to share. So with that being said, let's move it on cyber truck. What do you guys think about the cyber trucks truck? This is very device. I get it this [ __ ] was honestly I, wasn't sure if it was a joke or not. Is this the truck that they've been teasing? Yeah? Oh, so there's no pickup truck it's just the cyber suit. Oh I see why people are disappointed because they want it was trying to say man. They all wanted a pickup truck, but they got this. This is the pickup truck. But who said that that one is not coming, this is it well. This is it I mean they've got the truck bill for a year and yeah the event. So well, let's take a look. Let's order it and I like how long it is so I was looking for some exciting car. You know, and there it came just as I was looking only a hundred bucks. That's that's crazy! So if you get the tri-motor, it's seventy thousand dollars. Five hundred mile range fourteen thousand pounds towing capacity, though like I, could tell you yeah, that's like 3, mese, I, think and 0 to 60 in 2.9 seconds. I, don't know man, it I, like it. I'll tell you why I like it. Ok, it's different! Every truck on the road looks the same so boring. The cars today are so boring. They've got this electric technology. They could do all this crazy, [ __ ] I like the cyber truck I like it that's what I said. I like it I feel like it. No matter your budget, there's not that many interesting options to to go with a car, and you know I've heard a lot of people saying that the the rednecks or whatever you want to say that people who are stereotypical truck drivers wouldn't want this but I disagree. This is like a badass Humvee military-grade vehicle that you can [ __, ], [, __ ] up in and run all our hippies like Danone. Please I, don't think so. I think that would have been a good strategy. No cuz. It doesn't look like a military vehicle at all, looks like a cyberpunk like Eadie's sci-fi movie of the I, like it I'm in I, appreciate their doing something different I. Think people are gonna, learn to love. It too. You think you're, misunderstanding Zack, okay, so Zack genuinely hates it I, don't actually hate it, but I think that the target demographic of who they would want to sell this to is going to does when they want to sell them. What do you like I? Think people are gonna? Want this [, __, ] thing III, understand and appreciate the whole. It looks different. It's a new aesthetic, most cars. Look the same. This is striving to do something new I think that's cool, absolutely, but on a practical level, this is a terrible, it's electric. First of all, because it's supposed to be a pickup truck, no I'm gonna buy a terrible pickup truck. I'm gonna buy this. How do you know you could probably remove the back so yeah, because that would make it a lot more useful? Well, it slides open. But if you, if you pull it up the angles around the truck bed, you see how it slopes. Videos like if this piece was gone and it was just an open bed that would be cool or I think yeah completely, but they big more to the problem. They must have that option available. You know to my car. Isn't gonna come out for a few years, so they might end up yeah, changing it. Yeah I think you should be able to have the option to include this piece or not, because if you remove this- and you have really have a badass I want that piece you want Eva wants, then it looks like a DeLorean SUV. Okay, like a Back to the Future, as everybody agrees, that Laurie is the coolest [ __ ] car ever whoa, but like it looks like a concept car like it looks unfinished I mean someone had a great finish to me. You know this episode of Simpsons, where Homer got the designer. That's what everybody's, comparing it to Homer Simpson car. You know that episode, EULA Helmer, find out. He has a twin brother who's like a prolific car maker, and then he lets Homer make a car and it takes the company classics yeah, that's basically you on lost its beholder. That being said, I will buy this car here. This was funny. They were saying that it's got a miniature boat windows and this guy threw like a softball man. He didn't wind up. You could tell, but I don't care about that, that's something they can work on. Well, I, don't know how they [ __ ] up. How did they? Oh, he threw it again and it broke. Let's go down on this now, okay, this guy's hating, by the way whose Twitter feed on he barely threw it. He loved it. Do a demo. You better goddamn, make sure so I wanna [ __ ] that if you're gonna do this, don't do it at the top of the demo. So that is just sitting there for the next 45. That's something that will be easy to fix them. A window. Ya know if you're dead know using this in no write them until until it comes out. Oh this is the man I traded window yeah, that's easy to fix dan. Why are you hating on a window? What it is fine, but Ian likes it? Oh yeah, and what do you think about it? I mean I, think it's really cool there you go and uh. He decides what's cool I, just like the the fact that this conversation is happening makes me like the car I, like things that make people talk, and it's not boring like every man that Kanye West exactly yes after your easy. This is impressive, though you have to admit sledgehammer stainless steel one more time now, why really wind up the people not audience or such fanboys whoa? If you get like a pain on that like they put paint a black color white one, it's gonna, [, __, ] up the pain, yeah, but I think that's like it's supposed to come with them. Yeah I think it's supposed to come. All [ __ ], like rough metal I like the rough metal I, do too yeah there's homework because I was looking. You know our conversation about vintage cars, I'm just looking for something exciting and but when I keep looking at when I kept looking into those old cars, everything that comes with it, it's gonna be such a headache like going to a gas station example and then we'll that's the Lisa words fixing it making sure it works all the time. Okay, that is like no oh look at that. Mutt that bike dude wait, wait yeah, it was open there. Yeah was open Dan. No, it's not the top! That opens it's the side panels. You see how it comes up on the side. I'm gonna, keep it don't move. What do you mean like on the truck bed? It keeps moving Danny now a normal truck bed, it's like flat, but this has the triangular piece. That's going up on the side. Well, that's it! So you can't easily load it from the side which is so like I feel like that. Probably they probably would make that so you could fall. They could address that. I see what you're saying though, but most people voted from the back No yeah I'm, just not a truck you, but knowing their cars. It's all about function, so yeah they'll figure it I feel like. That would be the fact I when they revealed it. I thought this thing was about to come out I've since seen that this is not gonna be out for another two years. It's probably gonna change significantly, especially since it got quite a bit of backlash. Not real I mean it was trending number one and trending in the world like everybody. What do you think I mean talking about it? Sure hello? Let's split I saw people loving it and I saw people hating. It I agree that a lot of people are liking. It I just I, wonder how many people that actually buy and use pickup trucks are the ones well, I am going to put a deposit, so it's got a hundred on it. It's only a hundred reserve little scam on fit bucks like that's that you'll never get this. Here's. The thing, too, is the whole cool thing about the Tesla's. Originally, is that they made it kind of like a sports car right and it and it sold a lot of people that were iffy on electric cars. I'm like it made electric cars sexy and now they make this pickup truck and you'd. Think they'd want to do the same thing for pickup truck drivers, which you know or like farmers or workers and those kind of people, but people like big [, __, ] trucks they put nuts on the back. You know what I mean it's like [, __ ] you truck I could be wrong, but I just don't think that that mountaintop and call it a day. Have you seen the let's talk about the people that are here in the room that are going to buy it I mean I. Think would not want a truck. How about that right? I mean it could yeah I, think Dan I think we like a truck I. Think in LA you'll see a lot of goobers in it, but I agree in the country. I, don't know I, don't know if people in the Midwest are gonna be interested in this. That's all I'm, fine I think they might so fortunate, because those people think that electric cars are stupid and I. It would have been cool if they have made something that could sell those people on an electric car and I. Don't think this is gonna sell him, it did tank I was the stock is not doing so hot today actually buy. The diff can get a 30 day. Honestly, today might be the day to pick up. Some Tesla season are misleading, but you know they probably were aware of that and they thought well. If we just make a normal pickup truck I think people aren't gonna want to compare. We have to do something different, something revolutionary. We need to take the pickup truck and send it tomorrow. Take it back senator senator to the center of the universe, Elon Musk it up forget about it, but some armored doors and windows on it and then all of a sudden. You know they got this roadster coming out yeah if they have made the Roadster. Look like that, like a sick like a tease but futuristic version of like a DeLorean or whatever I'd be totally awesome. This is just a shitty design for a pickup truck the roadster. Well, this one does start at 40,000, though 40,000 that's incorrect. I did some compare it's okay it. What surprises me? Electric it's electric yeah, but the towing capacity for an equivalent priced. You know traditional combustion engine pickup truck, it's not very good. How much do you pay on Gaston, hmm sure, but I'm just talking you know again. This is people that actually use their trucks for work. So if you're towing stuff- and you need to tow something- really heavy well it. This isn't necessarily the best option: either I guess it's! It's yeah, that's true, but it is electric. That is a big thing and the one that goes I mean one does go 500 miles or something on a single charge. That's pretty that's what they say. I mean right now, the biggest better they have goes. You know 370 mm, but this doesn't come out for two years so they're like they did that on the on the Roadster - they're like this will have a thousand mile charge. It's like yeah where's, the thousand mile charge dude, but you know I have to admit when I first saw this I I mean I'm still not 100%, convinced that this is a real car, I mean so there you have it. You love it. You hate it or you think it's okay, but I do take you seriously that she'll buy this I am I, believer you'll put the adorn and it's like now. I will probably be cool, but I. Just don't think that ELA Kline was like who they had in mind. Oh so maybe but I'd be I mean it could be. Like you know, in LA you see everyone riding around those Mercedes G wagons, exactly it's gonna be exactly like that. But that's gonna be able to wrap. I mean that's good for them, because that G wagons are successful car for Mercedes yeah, but that one is designed to be it's not trying to be more. That's a high beast car right, exact. Nobody tows anything in that car right, even though it does have incredible capacity. What do you know? It's that one that you like I was like I like that car. It was like I like that car and I'm, like yes, it's pretty cool, let's check it out and I'm like dude. It's a hundred and seventy thousand dollars yeah, but video and it gets like 50 billion- is what I hate is that that you're gonna have to go to the gas station like once every three days mileage on that thing is insanely bad dude. We don't go to the gas station I've been in a gas station in like three years: dude. That's pretty sick yeah. On top of it's a really beautiful car too, but anyway, that's here, I'm, ride-or-die, Elon, Musk, I'm, Mustang shout-out to heal on he's, probably got a huge one to like he's, probably got a huge one: dude [, __ ] rock just looked up. The G Wagen has a 26 gallon tank for gas. That's [, __ ] insane. What's the mileage on the G Wagon yeah, it's something: it's laughs, 13 dude, yeah, 13, yeah, I! Guess you need that big tank with the kid 14 13? That's pretty bad! Actually it starts at 1:30, but you know with all the options and [ __ ]. It ends up. Well, they make one with a supercharged engine. That's the G 63, oh well, G 63 wagon, so that one's gonna have even worse mileage in 63, around 200, okay thing as [ __ ], though, what's the mileage on that dirty, [, __ ], oh, it's apparently has better mileage fourteen one killing it for comparison. My Tesla has a hundred for comparison. Wait 100 what like the equivalent oh em, gee, yeah, yeah, pretty good, yes, I, agree! Dan. How many miles can you go and your test like 303, a mile, the nuance now Cove 3 370 mines, 3 years old for the new ones? Now they upgraded the battery, pretty cool I'm, not I'm, not even a Tesla, hater I like them, your card, I'll cater I, get it. Of course, awesome. I! Just am NOT uh not impressed by this thing, but, like you said, if you slap like a machine gun on the back or something sure yeah dude, you just dropped that in Iraq see people have already edited it to be like a warthog from Halo. It's pretty awesome. That's true! I see the resemblance. Well, let's move it on. We will follow this story very closely. We're gonna have a hundred dollars invested, so I'm gonna hold his feet to the fire. Okay, we got news guys. Half life is happening. They released the trailer half-life 3 except it's not three because valve is such an [ __ ]. They had to go back in time to make a prequel the half-life 2 to avoid making half-life 3 mm. Hmm, because their whole legacy is that they don't. They will never make a 3-game they've only ever made up to twos and so they've gone completely out of their way to avoid making half-life 3 but goddamn it there's a new game out half-life Alex and this is NVR. Only the trailer is I got so hype. Dude I mean dude. Oh, this is gonna, be so intense I mean unless you've played a modern VR system like vive I mean it gets so intense in there I can't even imagine I. Think I'm, just gonna lose my mind in this thing. I don't know if I'm gonna be able to complete the game, because I'm I think I'll have a heart attack. Okay, afterwards seriously, let's watch the trailer, so you'll see the hand like that. The the valve penny called the index. It actually tracks your fingers and the [ __ ] yeah good. So what's the plan this takes place between half-life and half-life I'm with you every step of the way traffic to the mania. Don't worry it's unloaded. It's unloaded now a plastic valve only this is me so Oh they've got dad. They're gonna find out what he knows and then they're gonna kill us about the graphics, I think it's hard to get it it's hard to really get a feel for it, but I think it looks great. You have to appreciate that this is a 3d world, so it's even hard I know hard yeah, it's kind of hard until you see it that way, I guess, but when you're rendering an entire 3d world at the same time, it's even more difficult to make it in a way that runs smoothly, because there's so much more going on. You mean because of that it's VR yeah, there's just there's more to process sure in a 3d world. I think the art direction looks great me too. I'm, like the I I'm, a huge fan of the half-life game, so I mean this is crazy, though people are gonna like. So you need an empty room. You need of index, which cost a thousand dollars. You need like a three thousand dollar gaming computer people are gonna, be mortgaging their houses yeah. You can't use it with with like the oculus and the vive and stuff yeah. You can use it, but those are expensive. Vive, yeah the windows mixed reality, oculus rift. Those are all thousand-dollar. No, no I think those are like two or three hundred bucks. Only the index is the one. That's crazy. The vibe was it that Orlov five six I think it's come way down in the last year or two I hope the index is Wireless, but it tracks your fingers. Oh, oh I can beat off in with a virtual dick in Windows Dragon by Marlies, 100, so I guess yeah. The vibe was expensive, March 2020, that is right around the goddamn corner. One of the top comments was so fun and they go up. People used to laugh about gamers that would buy a system for an exclusive just for one game. Now people are buying houses for half-life. You know I'm, not gonna preorder. It though I'm gonna be honest with you guys, I'm gonna, wait and I'm gonna see. What's the reception, no one should ever pre-order anything yeah but like I'm, not gonna, be a day. One buyer I'll be like a one week. Buyer cuz I mean like the difference, because I want to make sure it's a good game before I, like [ __ ] up my house and get like a view, I, don't know that though, or I mean every valve game. That's come out, is always like the best game of the century. I remember when the orange box came out, everyone was like dude. This is stupid. It had the new half life. It had portal, all my favorite stuff it had like Team Fortress classic. It was so outrageous. So maybe they'll do the same thing here. You know, but have you played the valve games in VR like they had this one? The little games you've played them there, yeah they're cool. There's one where you like, they're, all inside kind of the half-life poor universe. Mm-Hmm, have you played everything you guys played those new. This came out like three years ago and even then it's breathtaking yeah and by far I've played a lot of VR games because I have a vibe by far the best VR I've ever experienced was what valve made three years ago. So you can bet your ass. This game is gonna, be like nothing anyone's ever played weeds yeah. If we should set it up here. I like that idea. Hang it up here. What am I gonna do with that come on. We can do something with it yeah you want to somehow make content with it or you just want to share the love just share there Thursday our love. She doesn't want you converting yeah I'm, like what are you getting at? No I just thought. We have an extra room. You know here, I want to play it I want to play it. I, don't want their eye herpes dude, that's the thing! I, don't think you guys have eye herpes by thank. It was like a hundred people. Justin was saying at gaming conventions where they pass around VR headsets. They were spawning new diseases like eye herpes. What cuz people kept taking off and putting on their now goes. You knows all these crazy eye diseases going around, including eye herpes, so there you have it so be careful who you share your headset with what else is there to say about half-life Alex I, wonder if, like like, let's watch this trailer closely really cuz I am I. Have some concern like four for one I, don't like VR when you have to stand up and walk around. Did we talk about this last time? Mm-Hmm, it's got to be sitting, but then here they say the movement can be either teleport shifting yeah zoom with point a P like how are you or continuous? How are you going to teleport and half-wave like so that doesn't make sense to me, I talked to a buddy of mine that has a VR thing to ask him what that all meant and I guess that is common in these kind of first-person perspective I know, but it's not good I've played games like that. Basically, what happens? Is you like find where you want to move, and then you like hit a trigger and you teleport right, but how the? How is that gonna work in half-life? Why it just doesn't feel right like if you're being chased by creatures, you're gonna, teleport away it's like well, they said that you can do full control with the with, like a thumb, stick yeah, but when you can teleport, why would you use a thumb? Stick for the reason you just said, because the teleporting sucks right I don't like it then I, don't like it and then here's another thing, I'm worried about. Is it that you wish that you could like fully be walking around no I think it should just be. You have to use one way or the other it should say should decide. What's the best way to do it? Oh I see, which is probably thumb, stick walking cuz, that's probably the way I would want to do it. It's just that son closest to the traditional way of playing these kind of games, so I see that they built it for the hand fees in the game. For example, like here they're like moving [, __ ] out of the way and grabbing ammo yeah I'm, not gonna go for school, but a might is that gonna be so tedious that I'm have to be like hitting everything off the shelf. Looking for ammo I mean to me that seems like the biggest appeal gears can be doing this the whole time, not being every really stupid boy you play but yeah, but it's just gonna be like the part at the end of the trailer where she like move stuff aside, finds a single bullet. That's loaded and everything I mean that concerns me Oh. To me this was the coolest part of the trailer. This is the part where I was like I'm [ __ ] sold. It looks cool, but it concerns me. You know what I mean it just depends on how well it's done. Yeah and I mean they always do everything, especially because they've waited this long to make it I feel like they didn't, have any pressure to release it. They would they wouldn't notice it unless it was good. I think they've been working on this. The whole time I have friends who know people involved, who have told me years ago that they were making a vr half-life yeah. It's been rumored for for a good long time, but I think they've they've probably started and stopped it a dozen times. At this point, and just now they finally felt like hey this works. This is good. Let's go with it. Mmm can't wait. I was hyped. This [ __ ] up yep when I saw that ela raised a good point too. She likes to watch me play video games. So how is that gonna work? You can still see it on the screen. You see what it's not the same time. Not the same. Is there not like an observed? I want him to get a second headset yeah, that's what I can be in there with me. Dude I. Don't think alright, that's that what else czn is a thief, a criminal and a con. Did you get the? Did you get the veggie grill down where yeah I just ordered a good? You get everything I asked for, but wait. What did you ask for again? Mando nacho we're fun possible burger. What did everyone else get? Everybody else got one item yeah and what did they get either got a burger. You get french fries. Now this nah brah I, don't eat french fries. What I got her the roasted broccoli and then the Far East Bowl. That's again, yeah a super taco salad for Zach. Here, cheesesteak sandwich it's like a Philly cheese. Can you throw one of those in there for me as much for that? As ever all yeah Teddy, fresh calm, new collection is out now czn is a thief and a criminal, and we have turned on czn. That's the turkish chef that we've been in love with it. Let me show you what I'm talking about now. This is a video that was on our document last week. They don't have time to get to his incredible Chinese chef. He he's on tick, tock I've been finding a lot of interesting Chinese chefs on tick tock and the reason they use tick. Tock is because it's owned by China and they don't let you use any other [ __ ] social medias. What do you really? Yes? They can't use any other, they can't use Twitter, they can't use Facebook, they can't use Instagram, they can't even use Google or YouTube so they're like tick, tock, tick, tock, Rachel. Yes, the dog Oh pick dog on Americans. It was made by Americans. It was made by Americans. They made the voice tick. Tock Chinese people are not very offended, I feel like we can make fun of the Chinese. We love the Chinese here at the HD podcast anyway. This guy's awesome. He shouts he screams. He does it all, and this video is incredible and there's no audio, there's no audio. Why the [ __ ]? Isn't there any [, __ ] audio audio? What do you are you hopeful to do? Is that commuted it cuz. There's music! Isn't that [, __, ], music, okay, well, just lose a lot of the effectiveness without his screaming they don't you want to risk it? Well, let me hear it for like a second: let's go: oh okay! Turn it off. What do you think about that either? That sounds risky? It's just like that boom boom boom boom. Maybe if we talk over it, it won't get claimed if we just kind of like yeah here's a mob. Okay, let me watch, he goes I'm just I'm, imitating him, because you can't hear his voice. Okay, now! Listen! Wait up up up up here! Please voice! Well! Do what he's talking now? What it's music here goes ready and good. Wait he that he yells that's his shtick I'm, not making it up. Dude! You come on you [ __ ] with me, come on! Okay! Here, let's find a moment where, before he talks it's a disaster. This is good. [, __ ] we're on the back end: okay, Sam! You have the music on. He said I'm, not how am I being Rachel, I'm literally saying what he said so I'll just do the voice from okay, no addicted the tire off I put it on a rotisserie I've got two rotisserie zon the tires it stopped working the internet went out, it went out, I think it just coming back starting and stopping it so much. What is this? Okay here we go I'm taking the tire off I'm putting on a rotisserie I've. Two rotisserie: it's rotating now I put a whole [, __ ] and on it and two animals cook it more Shh charcoal in anyway, anyway, he's turning the wheels they're cooking over an open flame, it's pretty cool. So how does this work he's? Pushing the gas yeah someone's in the car, I think or you know, yeah something like that. Cruise control it's lifted and now he's literally has a mop. Look like boiled and he's just brushing it with a [, __, ] motto: epic, look at that! The guy's such a legend he's just pouring salt on it. What do you say? Huh, yeah and he's cooking over an open flame? It's it's awesome, he's the only one in the middle of nowhere in a desert with two carcasses, so those will definitely go to 100% waste and now he's sitting on the desert floor. Just taking bites of a huge animal that looks awful, it looks kind of good I'm, not gonna. I'm, not gonna, sit here really awful. Those look like good, clean bites, but so anyway, that was a video that was making the rounds that everyone was a fan of and then all the sudden look who posted a new video just like what yesterday or the day before yeah it was yesterday one day ago, is this one: half music, that's gonna, [ __ ] us up, he usually does but I don't think. Yes, I talk anyways, so it's fun, so he pulls up in a tractor and oh, what's this he's taking the wheels off here? Oh and what's this he's putting a rotisserie on Oh? What's this he's putting on an open flame down, dad I got doesn't smile though he yells? Oh, what's this a giant animal carcass that he's putting ketchup on probably not catch other, and it's rotating on the wheel? Oh my god, whoever thought of that! So what do you think about czn ripping off re, our friendly yeah, a little bit of a problem here? The fire is like going. The other direction did that fire, it's totally out of control, even tries it out. The fire is like next to it. It's not and there I think it's indirect flame I think that's what you want. If I'm being honest with you on that a guy had under um, he even stole the mop, like he just a big mop like a bush. It's like a branch and I, don't know I'm over it you're overseas, yet well, I, just I, don't know I, don't know to think about this I'm. Alright, that looks good Shh looks so good. I feel like that then cook well, I, know and I looked cooked, but I liked the the Chinese guys video way better and there's another instance of him ripping off this guy. Really, yes, man wait. What's the one where he built the hut wait hold on hold the phone? Didn't we discuss this, there's one where czn? No, but oh, no! It was the other guy who cooked the whole camel yeah. Oh yes, seesee and didn't do that, but another turkish chef did write that we were repulsed by. He stabbed it with a rose, so look: look who invented the can't cooking a whole camel it's your boy, roastmaster chan, that's his name on facebook! This one doesn't have music beautiful, you see, II thought I was being racist, but I want. You want to reflect on the fact that that is actually what he's doing so well, yeah I. Don't think you should try to imitate it because he's got a camel on a mother, effing crane dude, he builds the whole damn stage. Didn't I see it didn't we see czn. Do this build the hut for fur? That's what I'm saying this was posted November, 7th Oh. In that that's easy in video way back. Oh, you know that brand community they all copy from each other. This guy seems legit. This one looks awful, though, like it looks wrong. What, if there's a camel carcass Oh gross yeah, it's horrific I mean it really is a dissipation and there's no way. Anyone else is eating this from Manila. Nor is it shouted, might be feeding a whole village after this or something was how do you get a crane? Okay goes out in the budget. They lowered it with the crane. How long are the days here so here they tip the crane out and the camel is honestly just sport. It looks completely hard. Look at those yeah I feel bad for that camel like just taking bites. Oh [, __, ] I, don't know about this. One dude yeah, there's no way he's gonna get that camel meat to anyone, but before it spoils roast master, Chen Chan excuse me, I, don't like it! What other videos roast master Chang got improved I, don't like animal stuff, it's for you! It is pretty gross now that orientation to our now that I'm, a vegetarian I, want to condemn meat eaters world. But now they've been a vegetarian for two weeks. Here's another great one from roast master, Chen, apparently wah wah he's putting so much is a huge of carcass and just putting so much herbs on it. Dude like chunks of stuff like what is going on this carcass bro. It just keep and then what I don't know what the [ __ ], that is I, think it might just be snow. Okay, how's that work we're just an absurd amount of. Oh, maybe he's just preserved keeping it cool yeah. Is this a good one I'm not sure? Oh, he puts the whole carcass in like deep fries. It damn and then I'm just doing this, so we don't get claimed anyway. Oh that's it I hate when they do the cooking videos and then they don't show the meth were on it. Okay, here's an ad from South Dakota, they have a meth epidemic and they wanted to raise awareness. So here you go here, get aware everybody, it's called meth, we're on it, I'm on it, I'm on it too so am I, so am I. [Music] meth is not someone else's problem, it's everyone in South Dakota's problem and we need everyone to get on man, and that says meth we're on it. For the picture of South Dakota, it's on URL unethical people are gonna, be expecting something else. Url South Dakota has a meth epidemic. Experts say that it's ravaging their their rural state. Three hundred three thousand three hundred sixty six people were arrested last year because of meth and 13 people died. That doesn't seem that bad 13 deaths in the whole state, barely anybody lose their population in South, Dakota, eight hundred and eighty two thousand some more more people in the San Fernando Valley than there are in the state of South Dakota. Thirteen dan I'm I mean doesn't shock me. Three thousand I wouldn't make go, make a video called meth we're on it. Well, I, don't my people died and I'm anymore I'm, making money I'm making light it's? Obviously they they have. A big problem. There come on Ethan be sensitive. Is that the lowest population state? No North? These numbers are just statistics: they're missing faces, empty chairs, ela meth is an epidemic and we all need to pay attention. Meth we're on it in South, Dakota, twice as many teenagers 12 to 17 report using meth, that's outrageous, a 12 year old using meth, that's the set of [ __ ] between 14 and 18. The state saw a 200% increase in people seeking treatment for meth addiction. Meth is filling up jails. Well, that's that is just yeah. I shouldn't be straining a law enforcement keeping the courts get ya daddy! That's just a war on drugs, [ __, ], stop stop charging drug users for crimes and putting them in jail. Meth we're on it. They apparently spent five hundred thousand dollars on that thoughts. How much five hundred thousand well does it do anything they have a 1.4 million dollar budget - an advertising agency behind the campaign I? Don't you to buy a whole lot of meth for 1.4 million they'd [, __ ] us I mean we're talking about it right it was. It was effective! That's what the that's! What the governor said. He said: hey Twitter! The whole point of this ad was to raise awareness, so I think it's working! Okay, well he's got got a little bit of a point. There I mean I get the ad. Once you see the video, it makes a little bit more sense, but as a as a slogan meth we're on well, you know: what's the most like a billboards around that just say that cuz we're on it the most effective method, like anti-meth campaigns, I've seen, is like the before and after yeah just show what I would say would show months. Look show some brutal, crazy, [ __ ] I mean meth, definitely ruins people's lives. Like look at some of these, this girl I mean look at that yeah [ __ ]. Now this drug isn't just odd mmm he's not good a life groaning man. Look at that sores on there. Oh, that, that's not from meth! That's like a Firebird! Maybe she was in a meth fire, but I think it's a little misleading to say. That's me looks like well. You are just looking at Google Images, it's not very, not scientific, very curated. No, no is there. Anyone that looks better on meth I'm curious, definitely not her! Oh Jesus! He doesn't look better on meth I'd like to find someone that just looks bomb on that. Let's see she looks pretty good on that she got a little nicer hair style. What does she aged 50 years anyway? Meth is a hell of a drug here. This is a crazy before now. This is the dude from Breaking Bad turned into uh. What's his name wish I wish I mean yes there you have it we're on it. We are on meth, never tried. Meth knives, not out of math. Okay, that's good, don't try! It I denied a lot of drugs, but meth is not one of them soon. All right! That's not! A meth is like not of there's nothing like recreation about meth. It's like you want to ruin your life yeah. It's not like! Let's have a fun afternoon. It's like you want to look. You want to be in a before and after photo yeah uh [Music], let it it it it it at that Tom you want watch, don't know. There's too much! Tom made a really funny video bird, but I can't watch it because it's got music in it. I wanted to watch this Andrew yang friend of the show presidential candidate is coming back, I'm, proud to announce on the a street podcast December 20th the final episode of the Year Andrew yang. Ladies and gentlemen, the future President of the United States graces with a spreading will grace us with his presence yet again and is beautiful podcast studio. We are the best shown the most important easy coming plus one. Where is that that's unknown? Okay, I'm confirmed we will. We are yet to see that possible that his wife may be joining him, but I thought that'd be great, well yeah if she makes it, but anyway Andrew. Yet again during the Democratic debates in my team had the best answers was the most presidential, the smartest, the slickest most confident the most future forward-looking. It's all about Andrew yang. Everyone on this stage is not talking about real [ __ ]. The real challenge is, he is my president: listen what he says: oh they go. They took him by surprise. What would you say to Putin but and ouyang take this if you in the 2020 election? What would you say? Your first call? Well, first I'd say: I'm sorry, I beat your guy and second I would say the days of meddling in American. Elections are over and we will take any undermining of our democratic processes as an act of hostility and aggression. Yeah the American people would back me on this. We know that they've found an underbelly and they've been clawing at it and it's made it so that we can't even trust our own democracy. The third thing, I would say is that we're going to live up to our international commitments, we're going to recommit to our partnerships and alliances, including NATO, and, what's going on, I, want to propose a new world data organization like a WTO for data, because right now, unfortunately we're living in a world where data is the new oil and we don't have our arms around it. These are the ways that will actually get Russia to the table and make it so they have to join the international community and stop resisting appeals to the world order. Oh I didn't sign up for you. Let me see preach it. He's talking about data data and everyone. There is like what you mean the guy start. Reading my password knowledge come on art, yeah he's he's dude he's on another level. If he doesn't get nominated, it's because the world ain't ready for yank, but he's young and I think he'll be back. They again didn't really fit your him like by far the least amount of time talking as I yeah but and once again, he's leaves the best. The best impression. Thank you, Belov. The yang I'm excited to have him back on the 20th and I look forward to that very much. Now as we come, oh did you want that you want to talk about Jake, Paul, crying. We have some time here so I have some voice messages and Jake Paul crying to his brothers loss. But I was like man who gives a [ __ ] about Jake yeah. No, but he's such a whiny [ __ ] he's like giving his brother [ __ ] for losing and he's crying and his kid. He has ice cubes on his eye. I, actually, don't think that ice cube mean anything is just to like make it less fluffy yeah. But why would you do that in a video? It's outrageous to what be walking around doing a vlog and putting like he was really trying to like make it like a documentary of behind the scene like Garth Brooks, yes, making it raw and I watched it and we watch the whole thing. I did really well now we're talking about so might as well pulled up to me. The worst part was just how he kept accusing Logan's trainer, because apparently the trainer said to Logan at one point: it's okay, if you win or lose and he's very supportive, he can't get over the fact that he said that because apparently he's like preparing him for loss because he said that you're following no I totally am, I think the trainer was was being. The trainer is clearly like what are you talking about if he said that it was probably at the end of the match, though it doesn't matter, that's just a thing to you just trying to be sweet. Yeah he's just trying to be supportive, like it, you made it this far. You know at this point. This is already awesome. So well, just listen, a bitch-ass Elton John wannabe. What when actually Logan kept telling you like the Jill? It's fine! Everything is fine. Like don't come at the trainer. What do you want from him? He was just being such ado. I couldn't believe it. What the well here watch watch just listen. Why are you crying you weirdo and then his homie Logan's broadcast coast is like it's good. It's all good bro he's. First of all, let me let me set the scene here, he's using music, dramatic music in his own video and he titled his video Jake Paul cries backstage after Logan Paul loses the ksi third-person, but sad music next to a [ __ ] power generator yeah. This is raw baby crying this. He won't stop talking about that. One line that the trainer said to him: listen the music boom. So after the fight I was super emotional, I'm, a very passionate person and there's nothing, nothing more I hate to see. Then, when my family or someone that I love loses or gets over by something and the whole situation with, like the ref Logan, getting two points taken away: the whole entire, like training, camp of emotion and like everything just like started like flood through me, the dog's best part of the video he was accusing the trainer of being a yes-man. Why are you blasting his your brother? I? Don't know him, but it seems like someone was actually well-known and I had yes, men around me, I'm far from like I would never do that. I'm. Not here to be your yes-man I was training. Logan just doesn't seem like this place. To even talk about this stuff. I mean he's clearly just trying to get views and it works. They got 5 million his views, dude his videos, don't get views anymore, I mean I'm out like they used to just like. So he saw the opportunity to get some views because before this I'm in like less than a million, you know Mom, he gets he gets views from time to time. You know, but 5 million. Where do you want me to skip? Did he do a wardrobe change to Jake Paul? Do a wardrobe change! Oh I want to hear this. Let me go back. Did he you, that's crazy, that he's back here confronting them just for content for his channel like bro? This guy worked his ass off. What do you know about anything showing up like Vanilla, Ice and Logan keeps telling him it's fine. He let it go show up tonight like we planned in practice. I just I did not think that the culture is like what help bro you're just performing the black I'm. Just saying bro like stop being like: that's not what I'm saying I'm saying stop being a yes-man, not bro. Third round, he comes to me goes you're what you do. I heard that and the fight right around me because I was the one making bread but I never been. Take you such a tool. [Music], hey Dave Sal, keeps doing that, but then he keeps going back at it. He's like I'm, not accusing you, but why did you say one point he says to him. Look at the end of the day: you're gonna go back to I, don't know where he's from let's say: Florida, whatever you're gonna go back to Florida, but tomorrow I'm still a pole. This is the trashiest video ever because it's like the fact that Logan lost is bad news for me. Cuz I'm, Jake, Paul, -, yeah Majan, how much more revelant irrelevant he'll be his dis. Marrying tanner mangu made him even more of a douche apparently than he already was yeah, maybe take it or leave it, but there's, however, many people in this room and I'm the only one. That's going against the grain things. The bog is trying to think about it. You said I, don't need to I need, let's talk tomorrow, it doesn't matter I think you did great I think you won the fight. I think that rap is about the court, but he looks like such a fool. Such a douche seems like you, so disrespectful, so disrespectful I mean this. Is you know damn? This is like suicide. Forest levels of unawareness runs in the family, this poor guy till you know he just blitz him and recorded him and put it on the guy. Never had an idea, but he looks good and Jake looks like a dumb I feel like they're, just I feel like they just hate each other cuz they're on camera and they're. Trying to look like good brothers, I think I think it's weird, because Logan handled the loss like better than I did and and I don't know. If I don't know why I don't know I, don't know if that's a problem or something that I should like try and fix her whatever, but I feel like I was there in the ring with Logan and I love Logan more than anyone in this world and so Jake who titled this Jake Paul cry stage after Logan Paul loses the ksi hashtag Jake Paul hashtag team, ten hashtag, it's everyday bro I didn't want to post this. He said: get your free Team ten chain right now, though, I got drip. Comm get some merch fam text me I'm, bored warning, please be warned under no circumstance should any challenge of stunts or pranks be attempted, oh whatever, oh and at the bottom he stuffs keywords: this Jake Paul song, Jake, Paul, pranks, Jake, Paul, scary, vids, many Jake, Paul, Jake, Paul Ouija board. Isn't this against YouTube's Terms of Service to keep word stuff at the bottom like that and then more hashtag Jake, this there's no class yeah Jake. Is your brother like to undo yeah how's your dad doing, Jake he's in a van by school somewhere? Oh, the food's here by guy everyone mm-hmm food is here. We have voice messages, I'll save those, though, if you guys want to leave a message. First call one 800, 800 grilles here I got mondo nachos burger and a Far East Bowl far out did a the windows open. How long we've been going I had an hour 45 yeah hour 45. What do you think EULA I think it's fine, because we do have to get back to little Theodore for his night right now we can wrap it up. Thank you, guys, love you Ethan! Do you want them to comment anything? You can't even talk. It's the story of my life. I, don't know what that means, but um comment Ethan. Why did you leave so soon without saying goodbye lost all respect? Perfect, alright, that it that's it? Okay, we'll see you next week, everybody! Don't he not have a problem with food. It's be careful, he's right behind, saying, he's happy all right, and we said there was something else that could make Ethan as happy as like the food makes him hmm gotta keep searching yeah keep looking looking for that happiness. Okay, very good weekend, everyone! This is the allah klein reporting from the gazebo. We will meet you next week, [Music].