Even coming to you in five four three, two hello, my age, three warriors we're no longer a nation or super trooper troopers. We are warriors runaway on a war against the world, we're here to be funny in the name of war. H3 warriors thank you to MIT, Mobile expressvpn and me undies and kaptara for becoming h3 warriors like you, they're like we're, not warrior we're just brand we're brands they're here to be safe guys before we begin the show, h3 h3 shop, comm we're switching fulfillment services and we need to sell everything that's on there. Otherwise we basically need to basically throw it out. It's all 70% off everything must like literally the prices are repaired and we paid for it. You cannot find [ __ ] for this cheap, seven dollars from $27 to $8 seven dollars, I'm, just I'm telling you the mud lot of dollars. It's it's ridiculous! Just please go buy everything, there's not that much, but please just buy everything. It's so cheap! Just help us please because well, basically, or don't well, throw it out because we're basically not making money from selling it to you anyway. So do it that of what you will. Thank you guys guys now that we have gotten past. All of that I bring you a terrific way to start your Friday yeah news anchors trying to relate to young people. I am always animus Lee fascinated by by news anchors. You know they really they got swag. It's just it's an interesting job. To begin with, because you're, you literally, are just reading a teleprompter like there's no personality, there's no you're, just like a human vessel for conveying words on the screen it actually. It looks like a really toxic environment to me, usually, whenever I watch this guy's, like it's very like phony, like what music roles in the life yeah good night, everybody! No, but that's why anchorman was so such a fantastic. Don't because you know it is like that like when it goes to mute and they're like Susan Susan you're such a [, __, ] or whatever. But here you go. What do you guys? Think of this breakfast goals? Say bye, Felicia, to that testing. Stress, weather's gonna be turned right: Chris yeah little weather gonna be lit during testing weak tornadoes. Big chances success. You've got this kids Steve. How about that traffic? Are we look at okay, no traffic problems around any TPS schools to keep you from taking those tests so get a good night's sleep. Do your best in fact be extra extra. We here at WTOL RV, proud of you alright. What do you think about that is that are all the students getting motivated from that or what they're all gonna fail? I'm not going to school today? Absolutely curse! That's basically like the Columbine kid being like, don't go to school today, nope dark, but it's kind of the same home in isn't it the weather is today the first time he says heat yeah, these guys a rule, these guys rule. Can you play it yeah, of course, CPS students. It is testing week and it's time to slay all day. You kids really talk like this, though like oh, are you sure, because you know I watched Logan Paul and he talks like this, but I'm like oh he's, just a he's like a weirdo, but I think that the kids are actually talking like this yeah I mean Logan Paul's a hero. Dude everybody needs a hero. Everybody needs a hero, who's out, you're referencing, that slick very culturally literate Dan. My observation turn so I just want to get everyone. Super excited turned up and littie he'd, they forgot to say littie I heard a Liddy in there they said. Let did they also say. Let see big difference so guys. I just wanted to say, I hope that your Friday is pretty and you're having a litter. I, don't know what they're saying I don't know what else there is you're, so basic he's an extra extra yeah. Somebody said that to me recently, I was like sorry, X Jax, or what I'm out all about it? Yeah I'm out I'm I'm, officially out of a had a touch here. Not these guys, though, because I always like Oh Logan Paul is like a total psycho and he's just trying to be like relatable yeah, but our kids are actually walking around saying ye that disturbs me. I I never thought about that. I thought they were. Let me ask the guys in back or any of you guys, friends with young younger generation. I I do not I'm, not personally friends with anyone who, on ironically, uses heat. Alright. What about the other men back there? Anyone that is my generation, but I refuse to talk like that. No, that's! Not your generation I think they're younger than you 14 yeah like 14, oh yeah, but okay. So Zak do your contemporaries. Talk like this [ __ ]. Now, so that's not your generation. No! But what would define my generation people yeah people around your age yeah? No, they don't talk like that. You just a loser, dude right! Okay, let's go anyway! Dude you need to you need to uh, not lit bro. You need to get a more lit, I, don't know! Let's get off this [Laughter] be on fleek breakfast. Thank you breakfast. How can you, how can your breakfast be Gucci by the way? Thank you to be super over goals, say by kaliesha and then testing stress, weather's gonna be tarnished right. Chris yeah, the [ __ ] hazmat suits for that one do feel like future. Yes, alright, well, I hope you guys all got perked up and ready to slay today on to some other other really funny stuff. The Pope you guys may have heard does not like his ring being kissed, and there was a recent videos being circulated of a lot of people saying hello to the Pope. You know he's the Pope he's like he's the guy, so people want to kiss his ring I personally, never liked anyone that much but I'm open to it. I mean if you're willing to kiss someone's ring. What else are you willing to do for them? You know it's the it's! The Pope's ring. It's not just a ring right well, but my point remains like what would you do for someone whose ring you're willing to kiss pretty much anything? That's frightening, but be that as it may, there kissing the guy's ring, and apparently we were trying to figure out why he was doing this. He was pulling away his hand from them like very violently very like he was knocked down. That's so so so, apparently a little backstory here on this Pope incident. 14 people shook Pope's Francis hand without bowing down to kiss his ring, then 41 people. He got all the stats on this 41 people bowed down and kissed the ring, but then all of a sudden they started bowing down and kissing the ring and the Pope was not down after 10 minutes, the Pope's behavior changed. He started pulling away violently. The Vatican said afterwards that the Pope was concerned about hygiene. That's kind of an interesting point, because if you have like a thousand people kissing your ring first of all, it's not healthy for them and that's all it is an old guy. Don't kiss my ring by not finally always worried for them? Oh, he was yeah. I don't buy that. What about the first time, people you don't become the pulp unless you're ready to have your ring kissed a little bit right like come on. You know. What's in you know, it's part of the job people can kiss you're in I. Make these guys kiss my ring when I come in every morning and I, don't care which ring cuz I, don't see one! It's the Matt kiss the ring it's magic but nobody's gotten sick. As far as I'm aware he's like [ __ ], you dude I'm over this [ __ ], no [ __ ], no kissing the ring. Oh that's! So he didn't cut contact, [, __, ] girl. You look nasty, not even close, see some people, some people, he doesn't allow clothes. So you tie balls them and he's like this [ __ ] looks nasty I'm keeping her lips away from Irene Jesus is over watching the whole. Damn thing not funny when the drop I don't think so. [ __ ] keep on good look at this guy's so upset. Like they keep going for it, though, it's clearly something that they all expected to be doing right. They have that expectation, they're, gonna, kiss the ring they're, giving their respect. Yeah I think that's like a really yeah. So it's kind of a strange thing to be like nah Doug no today and then the fit the smile on his face is clearly not genuine, because you cannot be on one hand, happy to see people get, on the other hand, pulling violently away. You know they mean, what's going through his head right now, hi SIA, don't kiss the ring. [ __, ] you're not worthy he's like moving along idiot he's, not even acknowledging him hi I'm the Pope I got time for your [ __ ], can't save you dude up to Jesus a little bit along guys will get along fell to your priest. Man I got this business to pitch to we're selling. You want to sell holy water online now get in on this Ince. We got Instagram ads and everything. That's so true, huh they're wearing the same shirt to these bozos yeah pups like listen, move it along tell it to your priest. I can't save you move it along guys as people get King kinematic, oh, that's it I could watch this all day. I could watch ten minutes of that. Can we watch it again? I think we get the idea. Is there entertainment value in watching that again? Probably not okay? Well, that's good! That's fine, because I have other related videos, so I loved it I, loved Pope, stuff, I, think I find hope. Stuff funny, like does the Pope [ __ ] in the woods either says: hey Ethan. Do you want to order a pizza? Does the Pope [ __ ] in the woods, but then that evolves? Does the Pope [ __ ] in his own hat, yeah makan wow! That's a that's really deep, because, obviously you know he doesn't wear a yarmulke. So what do you call that they had on his head? What's called the loaf, the Pope loaf I don't know, I had big-ass Pope hat so there's other similar videos. For example, I I, just I, found out that I have a thing for watching people pull their hands away from being kissed on the ring. Prince of Morocco is not down for tab is hand kissed either this kids a little [ __ ] gangster dude watch how he's like straight up owning these see. You idiot see you dumbass nice, try loser Oh a handshake I'll. Take that bye, dumbass, I'm, 12, don't kiss me! He moves it. So fast he's a game, no he's a slick, dude how's it just repeating that's interesting, but this kid is a slick guy and he's right he's a go kiss my hand, man I'll. What are you got gloves? No, what's the problem he's not he's not wearing gloves? No, no. It looks like grave most like 10 pixels. So sorry, yeah, look how quick he pulls it away. Yeah yeah, yeah, I love! It he's a weak though I would just hold on to his hand huh. That's what Ian did to me the other day. I. Try to pull my hand away because I make him kiss the ring and he held on tight iron grip that guy um here's another clock. This is the first video I saw of someone pulling the the hand away. This looks like some mega church were there. They just make like a freakin trillion dollars to exorcise some like some lady in a wheelchair, he pulls his ring away and then he he puts his hand over her face and pushes her head up. That was gnarly. Wasn't it yeah she's like no [, __, ], so giving them books? I, don't know what's going on here? How much does they think I'm? Not actually a bunch of donations that might be cash, wait where's cash in those envelopes? Oh so they give him a bunch of money and he gives him some buck. Please just let me know this is the hand shoves him in the face. Man, I love, I, gotta, get into religion, man. These guys know how to make a buck. I'll tell you what for real? These guys are good and you they even want to kiss your hand, though they take your money and they love it so much. They want to kiss your [ __ ] ring I'm in the wrong field. Man see when I transfer, like here's $1,000, here's all of my money. Here's all of my money, there's one guy that actually gets to kiss his hand and he's beaming he's like I. Did it dude I'm gonna win the lottery, he's gonna get hepatitis. Actually the guy the tall guy in the block must be good fit. He nails that he gets him, he's quick and he's strong. What are we really that long see? Oh, my god he's slapping it's locked in. Let's go back but he's doing he's strong cuz. He he basically hand raped him. It was yeah, that's what he needed this morning. I slept in till. Let's watch this, so crap doesn't for the grab. He holds tight and he goes in it's like a little yeah and any on his face is like oh man, what you just stole some of my powers. Man, oh, come on dude fantastic! Is it not gonna kiss your hand, okay, he's like now, [ __ ] just keep walking, don't even think about it. Lady. He uses the book to heal, guys really he's at war, and we think about got no chill. The thing is he's kind of at war because he's taking money he's giving books but he's also at the same time using the books as shields pushing heads slapping hands. It's just caught there at war with each other right now over the hand game it doesn't have the elegance to the Pope n-no. The Pope was honestly less elegant. The Pope was at was at war. Pope was less I got this guy's slapping people well sure, but the Pope was like I like fighting the Pope looked like he was on edge because he had that smile on, but it was like it looked like he was about to break to me to each his own, but the Pope was falling apart in my eyes, one minute from stabbing someone this guy's not fronting, though he's slapping people in the face he sees for five minutes before he clocked the guy. He didn't drop him out. They had to pull him out with uh on a stretcher, don't kiss the [ __ ] ring I. Dare you to kiss the ring? Oh did you it's a game they play, but she goes and hard if you guys have any more Pope she's kissing the ring. [ __ ] I loved I'll watch it for hours. Podcast said: ACH recom, fantastic guys. I was on my home page on YouTube the other day. I, don't know what I did to deserve. This I had this recommendation on my home page that blew my mind and I know where your guys's minds go. What were you watching to get this I wasn't watching anything to get this I? Don't care about baseball and I? Definitely don't watch gay ass videos I mean I. Barely what the hell do? I watch I, don't want you I watch like science channels. So was it my surprise when this shows up at the top of my homepage, look at this [ __ ], what the [ __ ]! Are you doing? Youtube Anthony, rector's amazing, ass with a baseball and a peach? What's the problem- and you could see- is nutsack well I, don't know, but that that yeah, probably but the way that the pants fold is crazy. I was like what and the vid the videos bye, Wibbly Gaylord, actually quite a bit of views 240,000 11 months ago, though, but they dug this up from 11 months ago to serve this on my home page. If I have never watched, Wibbly Gaylord, I, promise, I, don't know well cuz. So I looked at the comments on this video and like one comment was like look. I know I'm gay, but why are you rubbing this in my face YouTube? So what you're saying that? Oh something about me that I, don't maybe the algorithm- is getting smarter and smarter they're like good there's, no other gay, [ __ ] on my homepage. Everything was normal, except this one, video and I was like why the [ __ ]. You guys want to watch this thing. Of course, maybe they're like Ethan has. He needs a little push to discover himself. I got a media music here, hmm, no, no! No nope nope! Oh my god! We got almost got claimed. Someone owns that drum snare. Here we go yeah, so this is record thanks. You believe this is on my boob right now yeah. This is a thing on YouTube. You can recommend it to me. Is it I, don't know it looks like a normal. Can you turn down the music very loud me trying to record look at this. This guy's gotta said to him we're about it, - for Christ's sake. What do you think you? How do you rate that ass, you can be honest? Is it a peep? No you're, not a ass you're, not a ass girl. Well, I'll tell you what, when I saw that I was like I would walk and tear that ass. That's why you gotta recommend it this guy is such a character. Man look! It works because of all the memes about how you have to take ass, but how would they know that that was me they're, like oh Ethan, of h3, thick ass? Let's serve him specifically as videos I guess that seems kind of crazy, though, but anyway yeah. My my I can only take so much of Anthony Richter's amazing, ass [Music]. Thanks for saying, are you a dick girl or ask because you know they say tits or ass, - guys, I, don't know that there's big girls! So are you a dick girl or an ass girl, I'm, a dick girl? Okay? So let's go to one of our headline stories here. This is a juicy hot, hot, hot, very, culturally, culturally relevant scoop here, for you guys surviving cardi B. Now you all know because we've talked about here on this show surviving our Kelly is a story. That's been dear to our heart. We follow closely as you all we'll know. The do you have your passport. Do you have your shots? Do you want to come with Rob to America? Now we've got cardi B getting into the mix. She someone dug up a alive. Instagram live from three years ago, mm-hm in which she confesses to drugging and robbing people Wow. Well, you know being living that life she used to work as a stripper yeah. You know, I strippers make a lot of money right, yeah, so I don't know that I don't know. If you're like successful, she was I think she was so I. Don't know she says she needed the money, but I think stripping. Really you you make a lot money from stripping like really like hundreds of thousands, even a shitty one, probably Wow. She need to get that. Um ass surgery done that stuff costs money. I saw someone else, pull a video around the same time saying that she back then had already had a house and ass and tits. Well. She says she needed the money for studio time like she's talking about in the context of building a career right, hired, ok, engineers and rent the space and everything she's right. Okay, so there you have it so she didn't need the money she clearly I mean. Once you end this video, which I'll show you guys she's crying she's, very upset about what she had to go through to get where she is and I will say to her I, don't want to say defense, but cardi, B I, don't think there was ever a pretense that she was anything but that right people like her because they like her music but she's, always been upfront that she I mean she's, not a saint she's, not a good person. She came from a street life. She was a prostitute, a criminal stripper, a stripper I'm, not a prostitute, I'm. Sorry, that's not what I meant to say a stripper and and she's been dripper, but the context of the story is that she was like also prostituting right, I guess so. Yeah I, guess you're right. A lot of strippers do that. You know on the side, basically so there so there can be sex in the champagne room. I was an aside here. I got! Maybe I won't go this. Maybe I won't go this route. Okay, let's let's skip this aside for now. So in this store so I'll say it's not like a lot I've seen people comparing it to Bill Cosby, now, Bill Cosby. First of all, his persona was that he was the most wholesome dad in America. He was mister and he also had this holier-than-thou of like black people, need to bootstrap themselves out and saves themselves out of poverty by working hard right. And meanwhile, this guy has decades of of rape, systemic drugging and rape and abusing his power and taking advantage of people that the trusted him he would mislead people to thinking that he could help their career. Take him back home and rape them, so I do think that's a little different than going home with some ghetto stripper yeah and he's like he's got this clean image. Cardi B never had a clean. This is exactly said. She was is really like, but that's kind of what people like about her she's, really exactly raw people like her music and so and she's so much forthcoming about it that this is something she actually confessed three years ago, it's not like Bill Cosby being like I raped, so many girls, man I, got a problem with sex and I. Just keep raping people. Yeah Dan is saying, show the video and go to brick. Do you like? Do you not like when I read your notes? Damn I, don't like it, oh because it well. How can I get knowledge it's hard for me not to acknowledge it, because my attention gets switched I apologize, I was just trying to look I, don't know not apologize. It's good! The notes are great. I think you don't need to read it out loud. That's why we're writing it. We wanted to say it out loud. We would say: I need to learn to multitask my brain. We have a microphone and which is not too deep back. He can. The peek behind the curtain has so it's different from Bill Cosby. In my opinion, now I'm not saying it's not an awful thing, so I want to make that very clear, there's an awful awful thing to a drugged and robbed somebody sure, of course that's awful and and if people and if the police want to open an investigation like they did on Bill, Cosby and and and investigate people who are coming forward. Saying they've been a victim of hers. Let's do that not saying let's not go down that route. I! Just think that it's so not and then the other comparison is are Kelly and again are Kelly again, it's like a systemic abuse. Over decades and decades I mean he's an Ethiopian. We should listen it to it. First before we I'm going to conclusions yes well, I won't give some context, but there we go make turn off the mute yeah. This look at this [ __ ], cardi, B, I, missed using sex and to drug and Rob men for their money, how much text and then there's wing. We know gang tea and gossip Tina. What the hell gosh I, then at messy Queen so and so like how many people have water. My watermark this. If we get a shoe podcast watermark on this, will be upload it so loud, someone else's money, you spell it [Music] [Music]! That's have weird flux. To be honest because she's going I did it myself and I robbed a bunch of people also stripping I is commendable. You know I appreciate that that's not an easy job, but he was saying: don't pause it okay, [Music] [Music]. Nobody wanted to [ __ ] me to help I feel like man. That was a weird place to go and also she's very difficult to listen to very raspy voice, something about the audio in that because it's been reloaded like 42 echoey room. Well, let's not go to a break because we're at at 11 we're at you know the the 30 minute mark we'll come back and we will discuss surviving cardi B within this sim card. Is the power to save hundreds of dollars? Well, I! Don't know how much you pay for your wireless bill, but chances are it's way too much. Okay, mint Mobile is empowering you to get the same great speeds and pay way less. Thanks to me at mobile, you don't have to overpay for wireless anymore. You can cut your wireless bill down to just 15 bucks. I bought they've, reimagined Wireless, making it easy and online-only, which means that they passed the significant savings on to you directly. Now. Look at this beautiful little card as I tell talk to you more mint mobile makes it easy to cut down your wife's bill from just 15 bucks a month use your own phone with any mint mobile plan. You can keep your old phone and number along with all of your existing contents boom. All you do is pop that baby in you know how we do it with mobile. You choose between three eight and twelve gigabytes of 4G LTE data and you stop paying for them. I mean it data that you never use because all those big boys all of a sudden. Oh now we want to sell you. Unlimited data he's gonna cost $500 a month eat [, __, ], [, __, ], mint mobile every plan comes with unlimited nationwide. Talk and text now we're talking and texting and if you're, not 100 percent satisfactorily covered with their 7 date, money-back guarantee. What have you got to lose? Accept tons of money to these big boys that are taking advantage of you? Ditch your old wireless bill and start saving today with mint mobile. So right now to get your new wireless plan for just 50 dollars a month and get that plant shipped to your door for free, go to MIT mobile comm, slash h3, that's mint mobile comm, slash h3 cut your wireless bill to $15 a month. You get free shipping on your MIT mobile plan, go to MIT mobile comm, slash h3, admit it. You think that cybercrime is something that happens to other people. You may think that no one wants your data because you're broke and you have no money to steal, but guess what hackers can grab your password or credit card details and you'd be wrong because someday you're gonna make money and they're gonna be hiding in the shadow waiting for your broke ass to be a rich ass and that's when they've got you in their palm of their hands because they got your credit card number. They got your passwords. They got your social security number, it doesn't matter if you're broke now baby because they gonna get you someday somehow and that's why you need expressvpn, because you leave your internet connection unencrypted. You might as well. Be writing your password a credit card number on a huge billboard for the Western world to see. That's why you need to protect yourself from cyber criminals, to end-use expressvpn expressvpn secures and then in mises, your internet, browsing by encrypting your data and hiding your public IP address expressvpn as easy to use. Apps, don't seamlessly the background of your computer phone or tablet. Turning on expressvpn protection only takes one click using expressvpn I could safely surf on public Wi-Fi without being snooped on or having my personal data stolen and for just less than seven dollars a month. You get the same. Experts VPN protection, then I use for my own internet expressvpn is rated number one VPN service, my tech radar and it comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee. So what do you got to lose? Give it a shot? You can feel a lot safer. It's like putting a condom on your internet browsing. You can feel a lot safer, you'll be a lot happier after you've used it. So here's the deal protect your online activity right now today and find out how you could get three months free by going to expressvpn com, / h3, that's expr, ESS, VPN, comp, /, h, 3 for a 3 month free with a one-year package visit, expressvpn, cobb, / HP to learn more. You spend 90% of your life in underwear. So don't you think you owe it to yourself to make sure you're wearing the softest most beautiful, luscious underwear in the town. That's why I only personally wear me undies if you have ever considered mega wedging yourself or going total all out. One piece: excuse me: you can see everything nothing you haven't seen, but like there's, some people dude. This is flexibility. This is comfort on levels never before achieved. If you can do this, then you know this should have softly breathable flexible as it gets. This is me undies quality, all right! That's why me and DS are so soft is because they're made of that beautiful micro modal fabric, which is a full three times softer than cotton, and not only will you feel like your loins are being hugged by joy itself. Beyond DS gives multiple options of styles for men and women and like a crazy, kooky, all kinds of fun colorful patterns, so that you can express yourself because I know you've got a personality. That's dying to get out. Men can now try the new boxer brief with fly, which is the same great cut as boxer briefs and now, with an added option for guys who prefer to go through the gate versus over the fence. There you go I, go over the fence personally, but some guys go through the gate and that's okay, most guys probably go through the gate. I'm a weird one, I know guy, who used to pee out down the leg. He wouldn't. Let me just put his dick out down the leg. I was like that's a weird one, but hey tisha zone. Me ADIZ has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchaser. When you go to me undies you get 15% off and free shipping you get 50% off a pair of the most comfortable undies. You will ever put on and guess what there's 100% satisfaction guaranteed. So if you don't like it, you get your money back. If it's not the comfortable best pair underwear, you ever graced on your dick and balls and ass crack, then you send it back. They burn it. You get your money back, Mandy's, comm, slash, make sure you got 15% off your first pair free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed. That's me, Andy's comm, slash h3 reviews are such an important part of experiencing the internet, weary reviews on everything we buy. So why I ask you heel a--? Should software be any different software? We spend more money on. We spend more time on so why aren't we making sure we're getting the right and exact and the best software possible? That's the beauty of kaptara comm, / h3. You get real software reviews and find the right software for your business. Kaptara is the leading free online resource to help you find the best software solutions for your business. They've got over seven hundred and fifty thousand reviews of products from real software users discover everything you need to make an informed decision, search more than seven hundred specific categories of software, everything from project management to email, marketing, to yoga studio management, software. That is niche no matter what kind of software your business needs kaptara makes it easy to discover the right solution fast, join the millions of people who use kaptara each month to find the right tools for their business. For example, we were looking for as good scheduling software amongst our companies amongst ourselves. Air table was the one that we found, which is a calendar that we can share amongst ourselves and has all the tasks. It's really useful and that's the beautiful thing about it. When you go to kaptara, you type a category, a niche genre and you're almost certainly gonna find a software with reviews that it's gonna be the perfect fit for exactly what you need. It's extremely valuable visit, kaptara kampf / h3 for free today to find the tools to make an informed self-aware decision for your business kaptara comp, / h-street, that's spelled capt erra, dot-com, /, h3, kaptara, software selection simplified. We are back and we are surviving cardi B and we wash just watch the video of her confessing to drugging and robbing men yeah. So we're kind of just I've seen a lot of outrage on social media directed towards her justifiably I mean an awful thing to do now. She responded there's a lot here to go. She responded and then a guy came out saying that he was one of her victims. So getting that here's her response to it she says all I can do now is be better. A better me for myself, my family and my future, so I'm, seeing on social media that alive I did three years ago, I was popped back up, I live where I talked about things. I had to do in my past right or wrong. That I felt I needed to do to make a living. I never claimed to be perfect or come from perfect world wit. A perfect past I always speak. My truth, I always own. My [ __ ] I'm, a part of hip-hop culture. Where you can talk about where you come from talk about the wrong things you had to do to get where you are. There are rappers that glorify murder violence drugs from robbing crimes that they feel they had to do to survive, I, never glorified the things I brought up in that live I, never even put those things in my music because I'm not proud of it and feel responsibility not to glorify it. I made the choice that I did at the time, because I had my limited options. I was blessed to have been able to rise from that, but so many women have not whether or not they were poor choices at the time I did what I had to do to survive. The men I spoke about in my life were men that I dated that I was involved with men that were conscious, willing and aware. I have a past that I can't change. We all do that last part about the men being conscious, willing and aware is, does not make any sense. Does it the part that makes it also debatable, because it's not really an apology at that point. Oh she's, not really apologizing she's, just saying, like I, never felt good about doing this, but she's popping our find it she's copying out by saying they were conscious, willing and aware, like she said she would drug them and rob them who's willing to be robbed. No I think what she means. It's like it wasn't: rape, Oh what she's trying to say! Oh I didn't yeah, see I I didn't know that rape was part of this conversation at all, but according to this, so by this guy's recollection, his name is Kevin Smith, which sounds like a fake name. I know, but apparently he's a real dude. What's the source for this meow the hell is that then miss reputable ow. It was getting reported in a few places. Okay, the link that I cool. So two days after the video surfaced, a New York resident named Kevin Smith, came forward, confirming the singer's claim in the video Smith claimed that he had once invited cardi B back to his room, because he was feeling her quote and then went to the bathroom I've been drinking, so I had to piss I slid into the bathroom and came back and finished my drink last thing. I remember she was twerking on me. Music blasting sounds like a great time, and that was it. The next morning I saw a used condom on the floor and I noticed all the cash I had, which was $850 and a Louis Vuitton belt, and my iPod Touch was missing. He added I tried calling her several times, but I soon realized. She gave me a Google, Voice number I know she did it, but I couldn't prove it. So I never went to file charges mainly because I did not want my fiance to know what happened. So I touched the help. What a guy laughing she gave me a Google, Voice number, so I never went to the police. Also I had a fiance at the time, I'd say good guy. What a [ __ ] guy, what a guy you know I'm having a hard time sympathizing with that guy, but that but okay, let's be really that guy says first of all, there's something troubling here that she drugged him and then presumably had sex with them. Yeah. So then, then comes the question. What I imagine happened is like before so when you take a drug you're, still conscious and and in control of your facilities, but you kind of slip out and your memory can be irate like. If you take a xanax, you know you can be fully aware or in control for two hours. But when you wake up, you don't remember anything yeah for sure like on flights. Yeah I mean I can be completely functioning, but I won't remember it at all yeah, but then to say that he was willing to have sex in that state of mind. It's kind of questionable, I, don't well sure you did said exactly so. A lot of people would say that. Well, that's rape! If they're drugged I mean that happens, a lot to men who have sex with drunk girls on college campuses. Now a lot of they'll say if she's drunk is rape. So by those standards you know and also she's the one admitted administering the drug so like. If she you know, if she drugs you and you lose awareness like she could have [ __ ] warts coming out of her vagina and you'd, be like dude I. Don't want to put my dick in that like there's, there's a dissent I that you know eally you're, not there with me, maybe the maybe something there but I'm saying. Maybe you see something there that you don't want to put your dick. In you mean he couldn't make a decision and could not make the decision. Yes, yes, maybe maybe it was super nasty super long, hair, stinky and worms out of the hole, I think cardi. She keeps it clean, I'm, not sure about that. At any rate, it is all very, very debatable, but one thing's for certain I think your fiance knows now [Laughter], but it's really interesting too. If the roles were changed and if it was a guy who did it to a girl, yeah I would definitely be like [ __ ] about every won't be super outraged, so I don't know so you've got to be treated. The same know: you've got a guy at a strip joint. It's probably a really seedy nasty strip. Joint cigarette stinks of cigarettes there. When they're struck. She goes hey. Let's go back to your place, I mean he's, definitely going there with the intention of something, but having said there's no debate, but not with the intention of being drugs. No, of course not, and by the way he's is so so that I think the setting is interesting. So he's a guy taking a stripper and seedy strip joint back to his place, of course, he's not signing up or consenting to be drugged and robbed. I mean drugged and robbed. That's a huge violation. I mean imagine, waking up and all your [ __ ] is gone and you got the wrong number. I mean that's awful, even just having sex, but having no memory of it. It's pretty horrible right. You don't know what happened yeah, you don't know what how badly it stunk. He doesn't like that. I, don't okay, but you want to see what you're putting your dick in at least you want some visual list of the problems. I'll make better. Give me Burke go with it. You know, yeah I, think it's it's not good, and what rubs me wrong too, is how she's like I had to do it all myself, but I mean let's not include this and that bucket not good I rate. It not good. Is it as bad as Bill Cosby in our Kelly? I cannot say that it is I can't say that it is but again I'm not saying. If look I think there's scale to things of monstery, yes, I, don't think everything is black or white and I. Think, like you know it's not on the same level, in my opinion, I mean Bill, Cosby, anarkali I, don't they ruined so many people's lives over the course of many decades, I mean that was just treachery on like new levels. A stripper drugging and stealing someone's money is, is probably not that uncommon and and that kind of scenario like a really ghetto strip club. You know what I mean you're I would I would gamble your tape. I would be like dude there's like a 10% chance, I wake up without a kidney in the morning. You know what I mean maybe higher, but when you go over to Bill Cosby's house you're, not you're, like oh, oh, the, oh he's, gonna roofie me. That's not that's! Why anywhere in your mind and you're, not trying to [ __ ] or anything you just want to meet Bill, Cosby or arrow or like if you're you're, meeting like in a professional setting like your boat actors, you know right, of course, that's very different yeah. So this is bad and if people, if the police, want to investigate and see how bad it is and if she's been a seer, if she's done this a lot, you know if she's, because a lot of prop like I, mean let's investigate. If that's what the police want to do. If there's evidence, I support that not saying no I'm just saying I, don't think that she ever pretended to be anything but that I'm, not if the victims, if those victims will come out and they feel violated, I mean yes, press charges baby get in there get justice, but that guy is like that. Guys said the twist there yeah I just didn't: have there enough enough evidence to go to the police? Also I didn't want my fiance to know. Do you think there's any validity at all to to what she's saying about you know it not being uncommon in in hip-hop, for people to you know openly talk about their criminal past and well, that's kind of a point of pride. Almost yeah I'm glad you brought that up, because that is a good point, because there are a lot of rappers who have actually killed people and rap about it, and so we're willing to say to them. Well, that's your past yeah! That's just that's in your past and you're living a good life and you're rapping. Now so or like it's, the rapper image right, that's cool for rappers to be murderers and drug dealers. Right shaven goes a step further and says that she she's never talked about this in her music because she's ashamed of it, whereas other artists actually make it kind of like a centerpiece of their lyricism, is talking about their CD pass. Mm-Hmm I mean it doesn't excuse what she did, but I think she is pointing out a Apocrypha there. Well Shia and I and I do think so. Yeah I mean it's. This is objectively much less much less bad than murdering someone, but if murders funny in a way in our minds, we can forgive murder for some reason of people of like in hip-hop they're like oh well, you know yeah he killed yeah. He had to. He had to do it I think it's just a you, don't actually take it literally yeah yeah. Do we know of half rappers that have killed people and working today, uh I mean I, guess, apparently they were never caught for it right right and I mean that's where it does get really great, because you know if it's in a song, you can always just say it's artistic license. You know where's the story right. This was sort of a candid moment that you know it's hard to explain away as oh I was just kidding or I was lying or what, but he doesn't seem to be saying that it's a lie either in her apology, no yeah. No, no! She owns it right. She doesn't say: oh it's just making [ __ ] up to sound hard, which would be the easy way out, but um. All of that aside in a vacuum, it sounds really bad watching that video and her being like I did it all myself and I had to rob people and drugged them. I was like oh, come on. That's that's not something to brag about cuz almost in a way she is bragging because she's like look what I had to do to survive. So in a sense she is kind of bragging about it. Yeah, even though she's crying as somebody she's not like I work, minimum wage at McDonald yeah for five years now she was making hundreds of thousand dollars stripping. She could have waited another year, mm-hmm and not robbed and drugged. Someone and I think when it was just the stripping people did kind of respect that in a way yeah. That's a real hustle right exactly that is not an easy job. Man I'll tell you what yeah, so there you have it. That's cardi B, surviving cardi B. Now speaking of surviving cardi B we've got a new, are Kelly video that popped up. That is just tremendous. You guys this our Kelly story, I can't get over it he's on stage here. Let me just show you this video. We had to blur it because it's honestly, too graphic but I'll, tell you what what you're missing out on you could probably tell from the blur, but he goes up for the front stage and he starts going wipe me down why me and he presents his crotch and they start grabbing his his junk and wiping his junk and I mean well here. Watch for yourself. We blurred that part is so graphic, but you'll be able to tell wipe my lips [Applause] [Music] [Applause] wipe my comm I. Don't think your tongue needs to be wiped up, I think that's supposed to be wearing he's loving. It he's powerful right now, I love this. This is makes it into a song everything's a song with our Kelly. You could turn anything into a song people in the back like what's going on Dan. This keep wiping me song is sick, I'm feeling it keep. Flapping me keep wiping me yeah here. We go this magnitude, though so he presents his cross to them. He bikes them and swapping it and they're totally there attaching it. Oh yeah, there's like 20 hands on his dick right. Now. Look at his face he's just presenting his dick and now he's got a bigger smile on his face. I think he was kidding dude, oh crap! This was no graphic. Yeah I almost wish that we could show it I'm blurred, because you just it's out there, everybody watching and listening go go watch the original. After this, you can use your imagination. I mean I, love, art, Kelly, I, love, everything about our Kelly, the whole story, the whole scoop. It's fantastic watch me now. Why not tongue? Okay! Here we go everyone's tuning out I'll spare him today, thanks for the thanks for the lay up, though he literally sticks his crotch out. She starts like humping vigorously yeah and struggling his dick -. He starts jiggling his dick though the girls love it man. They were in that. Just shows you how easy it is to start a sex cult when you're like a single like that got singers get so much ass, dude, it's ridiculous! It's insane like they don't even think about it. I mean just in this video all this oh, these are. These are what I would have to imagine normal. Otherwise, normal people that all the sudden are Kelly's dicks in their face when they've got it and they're grabbing it yeah, they probably have kids and [ __ ] that one girl in the back was up. What is here baby was here so weird I did the whole fame obsession. I, don't know like the celebrity thing, celebrity worship, yeah do or [ __ ], it's pretty sick. Strangely yeah you look really beautiful today, you know when I was thinking about women grabbing our toes looking at you and I was like damn your hair's crazy. You look like radiant, beautiful I. Don't feel like your eyes are sparkling your sweaters fire. It's all going on I just feel like heavy all the time and tired. Well, you are massive. You hide it really well, but Yili is getting massive. Her stomach is getting like rock-hard -, it's really hard! I, don't know if people, if you would think about it, buddy I didn't really think it would be. It's like really hard hard when you touch it yeah. Do you know that you're having a crazy hair day right now, no dude, your hair looks [ __ ] bump, and you got like a fold right here that looks really good. It's fire hair day. Thank you, yeah the pregnancy, things crazy, but ela hides it. So much that I swear God some a lot of days, I, don't even I continually, don't even know, sometimes that she's right, yeah I'll, say it's only been in the last. Like maybe two weeks. It's like noticeable to me. You know what I mean it's funny, because I'm like at the end, well, yeah I mean it's. We only have like two months left yeah, that's if it lasts the whole way. No, you can grab them before humble, not well, maybe like three weeks early yeah like not a lot of times. Well, that's where at the doctor, I was like just out of curiosity. When can the baby come out and still be alive? I think I said this, but I did yeah, but I was but it that was like a long time ago, so that baby is ready to live already he's just chilling yeah. It's weird I can just walk, walk around and then I feel like feeling move in mm-hmm. It's like I'm carrying a creature. Here you are so weird, but it's getting firmer, which means this must be so tight and there it's like super cramped, dude it a little Theodore, it's just like oh yeah, but I guess he's comfortable I think so it's so weird that they don't cry in there. Only when they come out. You know what I heard that they do, what the that they could heat crying there, no, and that you can hear it. Oh, but they're underwater I just saw it online and I was like I. Don't know if this is real. I've, never heard I, don't like reading anything about the pregnancy I've heard that you can hear them, burp or hiccup, feel it yeah. Have you felt that anything like that? No I feel little movements, I wonder if that's what they mean like first sounds like from what I heard is that it's very obvious when they burp are hiccup? What MD says that they they can indeed cry in the world yeah, oh, my god and WebMD, is never wrong. So they've diagnosed my cancer so many times, oh, my god, they can cry that is so terrifying, yeah, yeah I didn't like knowing that and I immediately closed it when I saw it because I was thinking, I was like how weird is it that they just they don't cry and then when they come out, they cry yeah and I, like I started going down, that I saw someone said that you could apparently hear it even and that's when I closed it. That's so sad. What do you do when your baby's crying in your womb a lot about it? Yeah I, haven't read anything I, don't want to watch any videos about birth, um I! Don't want I, just I, don't know why I just feel like I. Don't I felt well, there's a lot of feels like too much information and I want. There's a lot of and there's a lot of [ __ ] to scare you too, yeah and I feel I feel. Like that's a good inclination. We have people around us, helping us who know what they're doing yeah. We have a my sister already had three kids. So what do people who are listening being like? Oh, don't you want to know how to take care of your baby I've taken care of a lot of babies. Yeah I've got you I have no nothing. I've worked as a babysitter and I like I'm in for I'm in for it. Although I swear to God, raising shredder I [ __ ] I do all the crazy [ __ ] man I wipe his ass I shower him. I gotta clean his dick and balls in the shower, and everything I've been there yeah taking care of him. Do you know how to change a diaper Ethan? Never in my life and I never changed a diaper man. I I can show you that part I can't imagine that it's. You know much to it. I'm, not like a diaper to know it is anything I put a diaper on myself, but we have. We have. We've got help which is nice, we've got. What do you call it? The lady who do a lot? A doula yeah, so that's someone that basically is there before, during and after the birth yeah as a help coach like on breastfeeding and there during the birth to like that plane yeah, because my mom's not gonna, be here, I mean she'll come visit, but you know not having your mom near. You is the main issue. Hmm, so I think they do. I will be good. I was gonna, be great. We've she's, she's, fantastic she's like a baby wizard, so yeah, that's gonna, be great. So that takes a lot of the pressure off. I can't believe that Theodore can cry in there. That's true I! Don't want to know that you're right, yeah I want to know that see. That's why I don't read anything that it scares me I feel sad I like knowing that he's like comfortable in there. That's what I thought and that's what I want to think. Isn't it crazy, though, like how then the ultimate metaphor for life you come yanked out of a warm comfortable place, crying you're, you're, cold you're, all miserable you're, confused you're crying. They say that the baby Christ, because the first breath of air they take, hurts it's painful like daggers in there, because inside there and reading like liquid, there's no breathing, there's no brain yeah, confusing awful horrible moment traumatic. You know, that's it. We all come it's traumatizing to be born. Is it sounds traumatic mm, yanked out of a little hole, people are saying you can't cry, I, don't know if you guys want to look it up and then look at me. Y'all gonna argue with that. It's the ultimate authority, I believe the people who say that he can't cry because that's what ya wanna believe Jesse Smollett I got a lot here. Just you smell it anyway. You look very excited about the baby. Two months, you look II, look like crazy, hair day to day crazy, Jesse's. Smaller everyone in the comments agrees right. Yes, of course they know so so. Jesse Smollett has captivated the minds in the hearts of this entire nation. Jesse Smollett was an actor on a popular show Empire. He actually was making a lot of money on that show. Reportedly, like 2 million dollars a year Wow. He was making like something like $150,000 per episode, so he was very compensated: black gay dude. Let me just do a brief recap for people who are not caught up and or people who need to refresh their memory. He first reported that he received a envelope with a powdery substance and accrued drawing of a man hanging from a tree with a gun pointed at him. He says that it said Magga on the return form one leek later Smollett reported getting jumped in the early morning, hours in downtown Chicago by two masked individuals, hurling, racist and anti-gay slurs. They physically assaulted him according to the actor beating him out pouring a chemical on him and wrapping a rope around his neck before fleeing. He later checked himself in the hospital with minor injuries. That's almost like a parody of a racial attack like they're walking around with a rope and Shia and bleach sent himself that so what the police say happened is that he sent himself the letter and when it did not get the attention he wanted, he paid two dudes $3,500 to stage the attack. The authorities say they have got ample evidence, including suspicious text messages, surveillance, footage and a copy of the check he paid to the brothers. The actual check, [ __ ] paid in the checklist crime. 101 I mean, with a check made out to the people that attacked him. It's kind of hard to dispute that the brothers themselves also implicated similar and said yeah he paid us. It was a whole stunt and apparently it's because he thought that he was not being compensated enough on his show. He wanted. You know, sympathy and support and I think he thought that it would make him a star because a lot of the times when you get in the center of media attention and especially when you're the victim of something terrible all the sudden, you know an overnight, you can become a star and I think that's what he was hoping would happen, he's, which is just kind of ironic considering he was sitting so pretty. You know so I'm sure. A lot of you, especially American listeners, have followed this story because it's just really dominated the news because well first, first, this story came out and everyone believed him and it's thought it awful. It was like, oh, my god and I, had this whole Magga element and it was just like a powder keg, but he somebody put a noose around his neck and it was a hate crime and they hate him because he was gay and black and is like it was. It sounded so awful, but then it started twisting and the police started investigating that. Maybe he had faked and staged the crime itself. So from the beginning, the media story was just it was so compelling it was so outrageous. So then, what's even more outrageous is that a black gay man would use these people use the racism in the Magga and the homophobia to try to uplift himself and use it to his own game. I mean the to pervert justice like that is even more twisted than the attack. He allegedly said happened. Yeah I mean how create I mean. You know the problem, the big problem with faking, something like that is now when other stuff, like that happens, victims are less likely to be believed. Yes, he, the gay community and the black community really don't need anything like that. No God knows that they get plenty of hate crimes already, but now he has single-handedly sown a seed of doubt he's under minded those communities so so badly. Such an awful treacherous crime honestly just treachery, really it's so bad, so the police said after reviewing so all the sudden, he was being tried for filing a fake police report and doing all this [ __ ]. He was in deep water with the police and there was like, like you said, there was plenty of evidence, apparently so any of evidence. Much like obvious at this point that he lied. They were going to get a conviction yeah they had a check for Christ's sake. They had surveillance, they had text measures, the plot, the police chief. Even did a press conference being like this dude faked it, and this is BS and it undermines these personalized groups. So all the sudden he shows up to court with a smile on his face for an emergency hearing with the court, and the judge said after reviewing all the facts and circumstances of the case. Mr. Smollett Volland mr. Smollett volunteer service in the community, an agreement to forfeit his ten thousand dollar bond to the city of Chicago. We believe the outcome is a just disproportionate and appropriate resolution to this case, and so basically they dropped all the charges. The district attorney dropped for know for no apparent reason out of nowhere dropped all the charges and then, on top of that, the judge sealed the case so that the public could never know what was actually in there. Mm-Hmm Wow what the Frick dude you know this is was such a ballsy move because everybody hated this guy. It was no longer a political thing. The left and the right were both like dude. This guy needs to go down yeah. This was a horrible treacherous thing that he did so he goes out his lawyers go out and start giving press conferences and interviews and [ __ ] talking about oh he's innocent, but actually so the DA had to make a clarified statement. She said an alternate disposition does not mean that there were any problems or infirmities with the case or the evidence. We stand behind the Chicago, Police Department's investigation and our decision to approve and our decision to approve charges. In this case they explained the and stressed that, because we drop the case, does not exonerate Smollett yeah, it's so weird I, just don't understand it and I feel like after we dealt with our lawsuit. I have a better understanding of how this stuff works, and it puts this in even such a worse light in knowing, because when we, for example, when we were trying to come into agreements with Matt ha, we were presented with some options of like okay, he'll drop the case and buy it, but it will be sealed and no one can talk about it and the problem that we had with it was that if no one can talk about it, no one will know if we were in the right food were in the wrong and if you're, if you're innocent, why would you want that? Wouldn't you that so we knew we were in a sense dude. We didn't we weren't, okay, with not being able to ever talk about it. That's not gonna give anyone any answers right, so I felt from his perspective, if you're innocent of such an awful crime, why would you want to seal it and well? It also says so. When you want to steal information, you have to make a petition to the judge and I think also your your opponent mm-hmm, for example. There was information in our case that was sealed. That was just basically like private financial numbers that they had subpoenaed in Discovery, and so we made a request to seal it, and the judge granted that so in this case the the district attorney was the one that dropped the charges. So she was in collusion with his attorneys, so they agreed together to seal it up, yeah and then, what's even more confusing. Is that now he's walking around telling people that he's innocent I was innocent, I never lied, which doesn't make any sense on top of it, because it goes back to almost the Michael Jackson thing it's like just because you weren't convicted doesn't mean you're, not innocent, and in this case the DA even had to go out and make a statement and say you were not exonerated yeah they're not saying like the evidence was wrong: no they're not taking back n, we just dropped it and we don't know why. So here he he held a press conference right afterwards. So let's watch that TMZ baby everybody- everybody I, just made a couple notes. First of all, I want to thank my family, my friends, the incredible people of Chicago and all over the country in the world who have prayed for me who have supported me. Who've shown me so much love. No one will ever know how much that has meant to me and I will forever be grateful. I want you to know that not for a moment was it in vain. I've been truthful and consistent on every single level since day, one I would not be my mother's son if I was capable of one drop of what I was been accused of. This has been an incredibly difficult time. My mother, the worst of my entire life but I'm, a man of faith and I'm, a man that has knowledge of my history and I would not bring my family our lives or the movement through a fire like this I. Just wouldn't so. I want to thank my legal counsel from the bottom of my heart and I would also like to thank the state of Illinois for attempting to do what's right now, I'd, like nothing more than to just get back to work, I'm on with my life, but make no mistakes. I will always continue to fight for the justice, equality and betterment of marginalized people everywhere. So again, thank you for all the support. Thank you for faith and thank you too. God bless y'all. Thank you very much. So Germany works for the lbgtq community and the folks who said I am you that I stand with you forever yeah supported you throughout all of this I love them. I, love them I'm, one of them saying I'm innocent, even though that you know dude that guy's, not if that guy acts again, um I'm gonna be I'm. The Pope boy, yeah I'm pulling my hand right away from that. It's such a disconnect like everything that he just said. It's like. Well, it's! So it's just so frustrating because we're all so invested in this miscarriage of justice and then all of a sudden. He shows up, charges are dropped, sealed and he walks out and he's talking about. Oh I'm, innocent I never lied, then right afterwards, the police chief and the mayor of Chicago hold a joint press conference to and and listen to this I mean this is just explode like this. Is the police chief? My personal opinion is that you all know why I stand on this. Do I think justice was served. No we're do I. Think justice is I, think this city is still old, an apology and let me digress. For a month when I came on this job, I've been a cotton out for about 31 years and I came on this job. I came on with my honor, my integrity and my reputation. If someone accused me of doing anything that was circumvent that, then I would want my day in court here to clear my name. They won't makes him look like a real idiot and we've been there too. We wanted, we didn't want to not be able to talk about it, and no one knows who one who was right. Who was wrong if you're innocent, you wanted to be known that you're innocent right know that guys as far as I could tell I, don't know why the police and the mayor would go out and put their necks out. I mean it seems like they had in irrefutable evidence that he was going down. Well, even the judge in and what she said is like, oh well, he did some community service dan. You were saying that it's already been served. He doesn't need to do anything right. It's retroactive, essentially they're, just they're crediting him for the fact that he apparently has in the past done a lot of community service and he had a ten thousand dollar bail. So they're like they kept that what a joke! What is ten thousand for him? It's nothing! Well! If he doesn't work for the next 20 years, it might be hmm what a joke man, what a joke come on this crime was so bad was such a heinous crime he committed so the so here's the mayor speaking defective units I'd like to remind everybody, a grand jury. This individual, based on a only a piece of the evidence that the police attica collected in that period of time, so grand jury action, brought the charges, I think on two things: I'd like to serve three things, I like to say, want on financial cost. Us $10,000 doesn't even come close to what the city spent in resources to actually look over. The camera gather. All the data gather all information that actually brought the indictment by the grand jury. I'm. Many many multiple different targets, second, is what I would call the ethical cost, and yet you just because a person who was in the House of Representatives the Shepherd legislation they dealt with hate crimes, putting them on the books that President Obama then signed into law. Do they use those very laws and the principles and values behind the Matthew Shepard hate crimes, legislation to self promote your career, his advise a cost that comes to all the individuals, gay men and women who will come forward and one day say they were a victim of a hate crime who not without it people of faith, Muslim or any other religious faith will be a victim of fate, so you go, they go out there and they blast him. Basically, right afterwards, I mean the mayor and the police chief come on. He makes a good point the guys robe wealthy, why we letting him off on ten thousand dollars. You know what I mean. Well, there's a late update to this story just a couple hours ago, actually, on Friday morning that city of Chicago is now demanding that he pay one hundred thirty thousand dollars to the city of Chicago to cover the overtime hours from the investigation and I got the letter right here in front of units. It's kind of weird cuz that an attempt to resolve this matter without further legal action. The city requires the immediate payment of one hundred thirty thousand dollars, one hundred it's actually one hundred and thirty thousand one hundred and six dollars and fifteen cents mmm, especially that fifteen mhm expended on overtime hours in the investigation, this mountain or blah blah blah. If the amount is not timely, paid, the Department of Law may prosecute you for making a false statement to the city. Wait they can still go and do that I mean that's. This is an official. This is Wow, that's crazy, because if he pays it's almost an admission of guilt right right. Isn't it kind of weird, though, that they're like basically shaking them down I, don't know to say that it's not just that that scenario of pay the money or we're gonna prosecute you. It is kind of weird to be like do this or this happens. I agree that kind of yeah extortionist, and that is kind of the way you would either just do right. If he, if you guys believe that he committed this crime, just charge it and charge him yeah shake him down. Well, apparently, they did but right it was someone above that yeah, the state attorney yeah right, no they're, clearly pissed. So here is when we get interesting. Now these text message were apparently leaked between this woman, Kim Fox, who is the state attorney who was who was in charge of case overseeing this case against just it and then genes? What's his name, Jesse Jesse Smollett Justin guys got some weird [ __ ], going on his name just a little twist and then you've got Tina. That's a weird last name: it's missing a vowel in there. How do you say that I'm gonna assume the T is silent and it's just chant Jen champion? Oh, that makes sense. She's Asian I saw a picture. Tina, probably not like that. So Tina is an influential politician, a chief of staff to Michelle Obama I'm, going right, yes and by the way I don't I. The mayor also was chief of staff for Obama, so I think it's important I, don't think it's an Obama conspiracy, I think this lady who's Obama's on both theories and conspiracy out there I haven't looked into there's there I mean apparently Michelle Obama was friends with Jess it. Oh, she was directly again. Don't quote me on that. I might be wrong. Okay, probably wrong, but either way. Let's just say these are the facts. Tina is texting. Kim who's in charge of of prosecuting just sit now Dan. How concerned are these? How confirmed are these text messages? They showed up down TMZ yeah. They showed up on TMZ, which of course was a little skeptical at first, but it has since been reported in the Chicago Tribune and New York Times like it, it seems to be verified. It's widely disseminated, and you know, as trashy as TMZ is. The reporting is usually pretty accurate. Yeah, if you know kind of hate TMZ, but they don't lie, usually so so here how the f did they get these text messages by the way, the freakin, crazy story, so big I, don't know why they thought that people would just let it rest I know, is the ballsiest all. Did it ever so here's the day, just hike him I sent an email to your work, address I think I think is well I wanted to give you a call on behalf of Jesse Smollett and the family. I know they have concerns about the investigation. I'm bet they do. You know if I was his mom I would too I'm on an 8:00 a.m. flight to New York City, but please call me before then I land about 10:15 Chicago time. My cell phone is many things she says it like. She owes her. You know I mean please she says it like call me before. Then. Please call me before she does like she's her boss or something you know. I mean. Is that there's a air of dominance there Kim responds spoke to the superintendent Johnson I convinced him to reach out to the FBI to ask that they take over the investigation he's reaching out now and we will get back to me shortly sent for my iPhone. Thank you, I think Blanc is gonna. Call you are they redacted I? Think Blanc is gonna. Call you by the way the superintendent Johnson referenced. There is the the gentleman the police officer in that video Oh intro. He watched you so then she responds. Thank you. Oh my god. This would be a huge victory. I make no guarantees but I'm trying I, understand, I appreciate the efforts. Hey hope all is well I wanted to check in with you about what's happening here when you have a moment. Okay, are you available to chat now? Yes, okay, calling now so clearly. Clearly the person who is in charge of prosecuting Jessi is you have some sympathies. His truck is in her own words. Let's see, I make no guarantees, but I'm trying and response to this would be a huge victory trying to undermine her own case. Hmm I mean that is so shady hello. What the! Why are we trying to exonerate? Why we're trying to let go this guy who committed the most heinous crime so awful? But then this takes a hilarious twist ela you're, gonna love this Jessie's lawyers go on an interview on The Today Show. She maintains his innocence and claims wait for it. What does she claim? He saw the skin surrounding their eyes. Was that a false statement? So he just to be clear. He only saw one of the attackers one of them he didn't see. He saw one through a ski mask again he could not see their body, everything was covered and he had a full ski mask on except the area around the eyes. He did tell police that he from what he saw. He thought it was pale, skin or white or pale. Skin was I think what he said, and that was what he and that's why he initially did have a hard time. Why did he say that he could've said I, don't know he could have, but this again he's the ocean Tyrell brothers. What are the chances that that's the case that he saw somebody with light skin? Well, you know I mean I, think there's. Obviously you can disguise that you could put makeup on. There is actually, interestingly enough, a video, you know I think police said minimal investigation in this case it was. It took me all of five minutes to Google. You know, I was looking up the brothers and one of the first videos that showed up actually was one of the brothers in Whiteface doing a joker monologue. The attackers were two black guys that he knew and she's saying well, they may have been a white face, so that's how they're defending him now and interestingly, there was actually now rumored to be a third attacker. This is his. This is the picture they had. Oh [, __ ] I'm wrong the joke. Well, that's the attacker in white failure. That's they're talking about yeah, but here because that doesn't and interestingly, white ELA, there was rumored to be a third attacker. Oh my god, white face man. Are you kidding? That's not me. That's white face then she's seriously saying that the guy beeps? Yes, she for sure. Let me pull this up now. She found this photo of him on social media and said: oh well, dude he's in white face that if you say eyes up close, oh yeah, so not you know clearly I mean this story, reeks man, it's so corrupt. It's fair, I've, never I've, almost never in like in my life in America experience. Corruption like on this ad man under this spotlight under this level of scrutiny and just shown up, he had a smile on his face when with the court I am good. Thank you. Everyone for believing me I'm innocent I, just want to move on with my career, also inches. It's all so confusing this statement that they release doesn't say that is innocence. Why are you walking on saying you're, innocent, well I hate to say it, but it's kind of like it's the war on truth, I mean Trump. Does the same thing. The DA's a statement said it does not exonerate Trump, but we did not have the evidence to bring charges against of collusion, but we could not exonerate him on obstruction of justice, and now he goes around saying, I'm totally and fully exonerated. It's like you can say you know, there's no truth anymore. It's all spin, well, I. Think it's interesting too, with the smollett thing. You know, I look around on Twitter and stuff and on his social media and he's got a ton of support. Mps surprised me! Well, it did it to me at first too, but um you got to realize you know I, don't not from Chicago I, don't know a ton about it, but Chicago is like legendarily corrupt, Chicago PD. In specifically the police, are you know worse than LAPD, you know, have a reputation for being corrupt and you know I'm not saying that he didn't do it. I seems pretty obvious that he did, but that's the problem when there's no accountability. Is it this in the same way that he's crying wolf with this hate crime, [ __ ], when the police are not accountable to anything? Nobody believes them when they are telling the truth. You know what I mean I mean everybody just sticks to their guns. Are we talking about on a national scale? You support uh I, don't I mean he's I. Think so I mean it's a national story. That surprised me because he's just you really undermine I I think most people both reactions but yeah for you for sure. If you go on social media, you go to his Twitter, you got tons of fans, saying [, __ ], the police and I hope they're. Trying to frame you they're trying to set you up all that kind of stuff. So I don't know why? Then, what the mayor has to gain by going out there who's like an Obama staffer? Oh for sure, you know, no I think he did it well again, even his own, even the the DA that dropped the charges says I want to make clear it does not exonerate him. Well, she basically says he's guilty. She says in exchange for his community services, ten thousand dollars. If he wasn't guilty, why would they keep his ten thousand dollars they're, letting? Basically, what she's saying is we're letting him off easy? You know community service in ten thousand dollars. That's your punishment for the crime yeah, the guy did it. So that's that was a whole story that was like a whole freakin I was blown away when I saw that on the news you know man that guy I well, let's see how this helps his career, which is original intention. First statement he's like the first thing I'd like to do is: go back to work. It's like yeah yeah, good luck! He I saw him say that in a couple of different statements, he's clearly very like you had it all: dude you're young man, you had a great gig. You were making millions of dollars. You had to take a frickin shortcut. You got off easy and you want to go back to work. You should go in a hole and just [ __ ] disappear crazy. You should be in jail, dude! Well, I, wonder I mean. Is anybody gonna want to touch this guy now, no way lightning-rod, yeah dude, no way I would I think I would boycott if I saw him in a movie. I personally wouldn't want to support him. I can't imagine that it would be a disaster yeah. It's an awful thing to do. Barbra, Streisand, Shaq, Papa, Instagram food. We got a lot left, keep going 12:30 we have somewhere to be at well. We solved I'm meeting my brother at 2:00, so we can go for another half hour mm-hmm. So, let's continue on on this beautiful lovely, Friday, Barbra Streisand's, a weird she's, a weird one. You guys Barbra Streisand I, don't know if you know who she is she's an old-time singer very popular in her time very wealthy. She I was about to say that do you but I, don't know young people I know I'm not very familiar with Barbra Streisand. What's the famous song of hers, you got me I'm mostly, she was in a she was an actress. She was in a bunch of movies, oh pretty something pretty well she's. Most original stars born that's right, mm-hmm she's, most famous to me for cloning. Her dogs, one of her dogs, pass the ball at age and she, cloned them and she's just got a whole gaggle of cloned dogs, which I mean if you want to. If you want to know how out of touch a person can possibly be with a normal life, then then feast your eyes on Barbra Streisand with three cloned dogs and a face that really is stopping to look human she's got so much plastic surgery. She's got that inhuman look, I mean obviously that's probably photoshopped, but oh and that's she's, like 75, but it's got that puffy yeah surgery face Yeah right ELA. She does, but she can't say: she's not looking good for the age. Well sure I mean but Barbra, seven she's 76. Let me find an auto shop. I should probably injecting [ __ ] crazy, baby foreskin yeah funny girl was the movie. I was trying to think of famous movie. She was in she's, so much plastics for her lips start to do this thing where it like wraps under her teeth or something yeah, but it doesn't make you younger people know that right. It doesn't actually make you younger, you're, still old. It's like who you kiddin actually doesn't. Look that bad here, the plastic surgery and that's beside the point. Look at those cloned dogs, man, the probably dumb, is they're, probably dumb as dirt. When you clone a dog commas hurt I, feel like there I Q, my slow or when you clone it. Would you clone shredder I'll, take one of those. It's not gonna, be anything like him right. You can't read, you can't see your key just get another. You can't be, and it's also like it's a desecration of the memory of the real individual of the real shredder. He was there's only words only writer exactly then you fall in love with him with you can create a new relationship with a new animal once you're over that loss, I wouldn't clone shredder, because there's only one he's he is Fred I mean the same it you could say the same for any human being, yeah I'll, take a shredder, Cologne and call him splinter. Don't can be arch-nemesis, you will never get a shredder clone yeah. They do look, though I'm with you. There she said of the Michael Jackson allegations. This was the best take I've ever heard on this. She said that you couldn't you couldn't specifically choose to say something worse than this. She says she believes them. Okay, so that's where she starts. It's I, absolutely believe them and it's too painful. Okay. She said of Wade Robinson and James safe, Chuck good so far, and she goes on she says, but of Michael Jackson. His sexual needs were his sexual needs coming from whatever childhood he has or whatever DNA he has, and she went on what she goes on. You could say molested, but those children, as you heard them, say themselves. They grew up and they had kids and they thrived and they were thrilled to be there with Michael they both married and both had children. So it didn't, kill them. Damn. That's [, __ ] a crazy-ass. Take wait. You know who did kill their father right both of it. That's Wow, you're right! That's such a weird take dude! Oh my god. She said they were thrilled to be there. I cannot believe that she said that they both were married. I had children, so didn't, kill them and Michael just had to do what he had to do, because he wanted to [ __ ] kids. What why you can't make a worse taking that it's like it happened, and it's cool and I'm. Ok with it. If you went in a lab and tried to take him like imagine, the bet worst take, that would be it and she was like if I have to blame anyone. I'll blame the parent mmm, but not not Michael, not the one who committed the crime. That makes me wonder what is she doing in her life she's like hey, his cases is taste and they were thrilled to be there like I mean when this initially got reported, I, don't even catch it until you just said it, but with Michael, it's like it might just be in his DNA, like what makes it sound like. She knows, someone who people is analysis. It's it's genetic that you're a child molester like well. Okay, on that point, I understand, because obviously nobody would choose to be attracted to children like it's a sickness yeah. Nobody would choose to be attracted to children, I, guess maybe and so poor choice of words, I guess well, yeah, no very poor I mean I'm, giving her the benefit of the doubt here, but she's saying his sexual needs. Her sexual needs. She's almost saying look he's got a [ __ ] kid. So that's what he's gonna do, but that last sentence that look at didn't kill them. They were thrilled even to be there. She Ike's. How could you watch the documentary and come to that conclusion seriously? Cuz she on one hand and admits? Oh I believe them yeah, yes, and then afterwards she posted an apology. Of course. I. Don't want to read it. No, but I'm, not gonna, read it but the last part of it. She says whatever I'm sorry. It shows the wrong words whatever whatever for family, sorry for any pain or misunderstanding yada, yada yada, but at the end she says, I feel deep remorse and I hope that James and Wade know that I truly respect and admire them. For speaking their truth, truth, what can I say, yeah whose truth or whose truth their truth she's like listen to your truth. You know I know you were thrilled to be there at the time the it almost make it like she's doubting them. It's like you're, a story yeah, it's your story, your truth and that's a [, __ ], crazy, take Barbara! Streisand is a weirdo. She, you know you guys have probably heard the saying of the Streisand effect that started from Barbra Streisand. This is an interesting story. The term eluded to Barbra Streisand, who had sued photographer Kenneth alderman for violation of her privacy. She tried she was suing for 50 million dollars and endeavored to remove an aerial photograph of Streisand's mansion from the publicly available collection of 12000, California coastline, photographs, Edelman's photograph, the beachfront property. Let me pull up the picture. Actually, that would be a even perfect setting. Oh no I didn't take the photo. She lost. Yes, she lost big time, photo Santa, Barbara, I'm, so bad at spelling. This is like a joke. So glad you guys can't see my momma oh here it is. This is the photo okay big-ass mansion on the dare so I'll continue. It was publicly available from a collection of 12,000 photos of California coastal photographs, so it wasn't. Even a photograph of her house was just a coastline in which her house happened to be there. Alderman photographed the beachfront property to document coastal erosion as part of the California coastal records project, which was intended to influence government policymakers before Streisand filed her lawsuit image, 3 8 500, which had her house in it, had been downloaded from Edelman's website only six times. Two of those were downloaded by Streisand's attorneys as a result of the case. Public knowledge of the picture increased greatly and it was downloaded more than four hundred and twenty thousand times, then the lawsuit was dismissed and Streisand was ordered to pay the legal fees which amount to hundred fifty thousand dollars. That means that she lost so egregiously at her lawsuit. The judge found to be so egregious that she ordered her to pay the other dudes legal expenses. Dude had to pay 150 thousand dollars to defend itself, and that was back goddamn long-ass time ago. This [ __ ] is so expensive. So here's the picture- nice house and now here it is on my own now here it is couldn't be seen by a million people. Fantastic, isn't it so that's the Streisand effect I think it's something interesting. The Streisand effect, if you don't know, is when you tried to remove something from the internet that it makes it more visible. Mm-Hmm, Papa, John, Beck, okay, so we talked about this in our new video Shaq becomes the new Papa. This was a weird one, because we in our last episode had this segment about how Shaq we notices in every single commercial and after that segment. Babajanian ounces that checks the new Papa I mean what the hell bending reality here on the h3 podcast. He really isn't everything we talked about this in our new video. With this freakish hands. Mm-Hmm his hands are freakish, I mean dude. Look how small like is that really a full-size basketball right, yeah I, think the fans are that big I mean this is equivalent. Basically, the guys have to be holding the supply huge as nails are. That is just his fingers bigger than my dick, its Papa John's. It's the Papa John here, let's get to the bottom of this Shaq holds a basketball. Look: oh yeah, yeah, god yeah! Damn! That's so crazy! I mean he's ready, accurate yeah, I, don't know, I, don't know what's going on here. These pictures are weird yeah that was yeah. I need bro, that those are big, yeah and I can't get over that. Oh, it's probably yeah. It's so that's good I! Think it's the NBA ring for someone knows like a house [ __ ]. Oh, that would be like a bracelet. Yeah looks like a birdhouse. What, if there's birds in there, Papa John, so Shaq wrote a little letter. A low love note for Papa John I love. This is that story. Stop papajohns.com slash Shaquille's story. They're, like you know what we need. After this whole n-word fiasco, a black dude, pretty much yeah, pretty much I am so excited. I am so killing you I'm, so excited I'm, so excited to be joining. That's not a good one. His voice is super deep I'm, so excited to be joining now. Papa's Jones family, not good huh. As a member of the board of directors you're, not you don't do [ __ ] on that board. They paid him. Eight million bucks to be the face. Pretty good deal. I would expect more. Shaq is worth I looked up he's worth over 400 million dollars. Dude Shaq needs to take a vacation these in these general commercials. How much does it general pay him? It's gotta be a drop in the bucket 400 million. Take a vacation dude such a hustler, you know I think Shaq is just a hustle. Yes, you know he wants to to teach his kids penny saved. Is a penny earned yeah so hard? It's a bike. There's a paid CIEE I want a pizza. I, don't work hard, it's Friday! Can we eat pizza, don't I'm thinking, busing the music, welcome to Papa's house I'm, so excited to be joining the Papa John's family, as a member of the board of directors and soon-to-be investor he's not even invested yet he's like listen, I'll, invest when she [ __ ] pay me the eight million, not putting my own money in that [ __ ]. You see the stock miss see the stock of this company I'm, not investing [ __ ] for 20 years in the NBA, my basketball family were the biggest part of my life. However, shortly after I retired I decided to commit the same level of hard work and passion and to other things, namely pizza. No, he said, including businesses which what brings me here, one of the key components of my success is only investing in companies and products that I believe in I'm a big fan of Papa John's. So he was a fan of what Papa John Bill he's saying: I am a fan of Papa John John are John's, he is a plural, both Explorer, it's plural, see. So that's the pizza. He is the betta. Now he is the man. Is the pizza? No there's on matter? Yes, yes, I love that they are committed to making pizza with high quality ingredients, see Papa's reading this in crime, because he is that he did that he's crying and he's got a pizza and with one hand, wiping the tears left. It's got the box, the last box, with his face on it he's got this music lubos I did that I made the better ingredients better. Listen to this Judas line, something I get to see firsthand when I met CEO Steve Ritchie and made my own pizza called The Shack aroni. Earlier this year, sorry Stevie CEO Stevie, hasn't been CEO that long he doesn't have [ __ ] about high quality ingredients. You think you could put Stevie's face on that box and they're gonna put shocked yes now, yes, Shaq is gonna, be on the face of every pizza box. Papa John's ships out there having such a crisis, I'm telling you if they would have just left Papa, they would have been over this and the stock would have been back up yeah to where it was. But there's no pub of like the names gonna be Papa, John's, buddy Shaquille, eight million bucks. You can keep it going. I like it beyond the taste. Steve was able to help me understand what truly makes Papa John's family so special, namely the coppice, not eight million yes, I, checked crazy dollars, and Papa is not here that dude hates black people, great people, fresh ingredients and the vision for the brand going forward. Steve sounds like a player preparing for a big game. His passion for the company, its people, is authentic. As the pepperoni slices on my shakeela Shaquille. What do you call it? Jesse chaccaron, chaccaron, chaccaron II, wonder, what's honest record, you know, that's gonna, look up and check early to discuss a car Oney, it's probably a pizza with like so many pepperonis. You want gag when you see it by the way, shot, probably out large. It's probably like one slice for him, because my background I know that, because every large community there are thousand people to put their hearts and souls into bacon. These pizza pies, like the delivery driver that got a big tip from Papa rest in peace. Bobby Jon is no different and it struck a chord with me. S come on this guy doesn't give a [ __ ] about Papa John's family is shocker. Brownie pizza is just a pepperoni and cheese. Oh yeah, this was I found this disturbing. Do you see what they're trying to do here? You guys you see this. Why did it stop there? Oh all of a sudden everybody's -, Papa Papa John's, no, no, no, really the entire consciousness. The names are: gonna change, the really weird names -, okay, John's I can get down with our cards: Namah deeds, caressed ins, what the hell! Oh geez, dougie I can get down with Papa Doug nodded Eames. What what are these names? Papa, Daniels Papa Daniels, our Papa? No, no Daniel's, but I'm not down to Papa Daniel's branch. That's already like there's branch deli, yeah hmm can true, but what I think what they're trying to say is that everybody's, the papa, totally yeah they're trying because Papa John's they're trying to even take his name out to get the name they're, even dropping the name Papa. What did I do to deserve this disrespect? The fresh ingredients, the pie, everything that you stand for. I bet it was my own hat, where's, Bo, I wanna, see Papa bows bow is too short: they need their names with long with more medicine, complete the Loco. What did I you talk about the fresh ingredients. You talk about the family. How could you have for me and so Shack? My successor, I say to this? You broke my heart where's all the female names, Maria yeah, no yeah a woman and makes you out cannot be the head of pop I'm Papa's house. It's simply, okay. We need a bat Madonna, John yeah, momma jump, momma, John's, tough, gender-bending, alright and finally, I've got. You know that I've been obsessed with bad Instagram food I've, been collecting data. I've been gathering data for you guys as pleasure and enjoyment this video we're actually quite a field. This one shocked and appalled me: it's actually got 600,000 views and people are into this now. I am absolutely appalled. This is a abomination against life. Somebody who I'm at stake- man, I click prior to my steaks, I cooked them, I'm a kind of an expert right now, yeah I'm, a statesman, now watch this abomination against life. First of all, how much butter is that you, sick, [, __, ], [Applause], boil this steak and butter now I was like ok. Well, maybe what is it gonna grill it now is he gonna? Does he can put on the grill and finish it off? That's it! That's it! That's it ready to serve. Oh, my god, it looks white brain tissue yeah. He goes. He goes experimental, grilling, ribeye steak and butter thoughts. My thoughts are, it looks awful no way. That is good. That looks like I'm cook chicken, specially it's for, if it and there's so much butter I can't get over it. I got a tennis ball. Some dog food looks better than that. That's a good point! That's act now, wonderful tastes! Good though, but you know, even if it tastes amazing I see you eat with your eyes -. Oh, my god, it's gotta, look, yellow, listen to you! Let's go I wonder if he grilled it if it out. If it wouldn't be good this, this cracked me up 600,000 views. This is the Turkish chef that I can't get enough of. So here he's preparing a bite of guest, a muscle watch how much lemon he puts on this whoa dude. That's way too much fun man, he squeezed the entire lemon on it juice out of him. That's got to taste so bad. He came to mustards my he squeezed so much lemon juice on it, I'm sure it just tasted like pure lemon juice, yeah I want to watch that again he's like a little lemon like I'm, freaking, a whole glass of lemon juice that is nasty, bro, yeah Turkey in Turkey. They got crazy juicy lemons, Brown man that guy I was are not a hardy thumbs up. Here we go to the lamb God he's a personal favorite of mine he's making some meat hearts. Oh this guy yeah. This is the lamb classic yeah this guy's a total legend. Do we have a name he's? The me cos of lambda czn is the name of his restaurant I love that no look, he slices and he doesn't look it's like a hard flat and then he throws [ __ ] like pretty aggressively I like that. He's got some meat, patty, a symbol for symbol for that is kind of disease. You're gonna get if you eat it he's actually a really talented chef. He does some cool [ __ ] come more chops and salt bay. That's for sure! Oh, my god, all day the [ __ ] look at those both Oh little beet heart I'm into it. Actually, one steak. Fourth, I! Don't like this constant labeling things porn food for me, I, don't like it porn, is porn steak porn. Is someone putting their dick in a steak? That's it tasty food I! Don't like porn, you know, but I don't know if you knew that sheep, the Sheep God is super famous in turkey, like here I saw this video kind of puts it in context. For you, he's cooking for, like the prime minister, tons of famous people come to his restaurant I mean take a look at this guy, like Michael Jackson being torn over yeah. The women are glazing, wow. What the hell yeah he's huge five days ago, - it's a new vid. The women are going crazy for him. You know I actually remember a long time ago when we watch one of this guy's videos, a fan of ours emailed me who lives in Turkey and tried to explain that he's kind of a joke chef though like they compared him to Guy Fieri he's like the guys, he's very much about the theatrics right, but I would eat. It's got a cornball, cornball yeah he's a cornball. That's sure! That's a good point and salt Bay is the I. Don't know what Saul pays. I stands apart, he's his own beast, yeah and, finally, just to send you guys off for a beautiful, peaceful I D like weekend I've got young thug learns that dogs have periods. This crack now is mine. Just got blown looking around for a doll, crazy, crazy he's bought my bar yeah I love it traumatized by that. Well, there you have it guys top of the mother goddamn week or whatever yo. This is fantastic. We've done it all. We've said it all there. It is next week we have mr. beast in an episode we pre-recorded. While he was here. He was here recently last week, we're just gonna upload it on Friday won't be we so we won't have a live show, but the absol will be going up at the usual time being uploaded fun episode, great guy, really interests dude and the slow mo guys that we ended up not working the schedule that was supposed to be today but uh. There were scheduling issues that happens, yeah and then the following week. We have Emma Chamberlain right, no and Gus Johnson. That's great! That's terrific! That's I'm! Looking forward to that mm-hmm, we got people comment, funny ass, dude, yeah, I'm, really sweet into funny. Guy, so don't forget to turn up, gets a little extra extra extra extra you Dan. How are you doing? How you been tell me about you? I'm good I've been good. It's it's been a crazy week with all these stories been tracking them closely and and then in the tweet. It's like it feels like a whole lifetime happened this week, yeah it's true and then there was the no collusion which what I didn't talk about it, because I don't want to get too deep, and although you know that was exhausting too yep for sure I mean I'm. Just all this stuff is just have a naughty thing. I mean this guy psycho man, I'm, just I, feel vindicated. I was saying that guys just come back from the beginning, so I need to stop listening to the news man like just altogether, because you get so invested in these stories and then almost always, they amount to nothing and you're like. Why is that that these always amount to nothing? I mean it's truly. The media is just hyping all the [ __ ] up for ratings, yeah and, and you get invested, you know- becomes the soap draw like a soap opera. You know and then people so I don't know. I'm yeah. This new cycle has been very exhausting for me. Ian, hello, yeah yeah. Tell me about yourself, I'm, doing good feeling, good how's, Kanye doing how's Kanye been he's chilling, I'm waiting for him to come back, I, miss him. So so much. What do you mean? Come back he's been off the radar head to the news. Oh I mean yeah, yeah and I want to give it a little I want that album, I'm waiting, oh thou, sure, okay, good and Zach everything's good for you everything's getting your well doing well, I'm on a spring break right now, going down a can't count or anything easier, yeah I'm on I like to work. You like to work, I do saddest thing. I've ever heard mmm our Kelly gets to work and kept people touch his [ __ ] mm-hmm, that's a gig! That's a gig right there! All right! Well, uh, lots of excitement, but in the back I think everyone's ready to go big party I'm ready to go play that secure. Oh, oh yeah, we can have you you have you played it yet Dan and almost a couple hours it's hard as [ __, ] I can't I love those games, but I feel like it will. Cause me stress. It will stress me out: yeah I've played all the Dark Souls games and blood-borne beat'em. All thought I was like good at those games at this point, and this [ __ ] has snapped me back to reality. He's destroying me I see people debating if it's the easiest or the hardest I think they designed it to kind of [ __ ] with you, if you're used to all of their other games, mmm like they intentionally like all the timing is like exactly you know when you would dodge in one of those other games is just is when you'll get [ __ ] up. Whole game is like trolling me sayers in big trouble, she's obsessed with that [ __ ] right, yeah, yeah I've been talking to her she's. Also getting her ass kicked I mean everybody. I've talked to you this plane, it's it's hard, I've thought about picking it up, but I think I, just I'm too I need I swear to god. These games stressed me out, like Dark Souls. It upsets me one of my favorite all-time honestly. I must like it way up there I try to play Tetris, and it stresses me ya know, and that might be a sign that we may be still doing the Tetris Royale yeah you down with that. I am I, get first place. No did you oh I made it to sixth place to second place seconds. Good, that's really good, but I mean I can't get better like what about that first place. You know you can go, get that a playa la get there too, alright guys well uh, whatever you're doing this weekend. I hope you're having fun and taking it. Easy and relaxing don't take everything in the news to date seriously, because it's all just a bunch of be flippin, Frick, frack and Hecht stir you up glue you to the [ __ ] tube, so entertain yourself. Take it easy, relax chances are if something's bothering you you're, not gonna, be able to fix it anyway. I mean truthfully. So just let it go, you know, take it easy. Man enjoy the little time we have here on this earth because uh when you die, nothing happens, that's my opinion. Hopefully I'm wrong, I'd love to be wrong. Well, one thing's for certain. You can turn on the Xbox and play some video games and have a good ass time. So you should because it's the weekend there you go so we'll see you guys next week and we have a new video that we're working hard on that's coming out soon. That I'm very excited about I hope that it turns out good me too and wish you all the best. We love you. We appreciate you. Oh you go to h3 shop com, h3, h3 shop, a comment: please buy everything, we're just getting rid of it, we're about free. Basically, it is free, alright, guys thanks, y'all and have a great weekend thanks for watching [Music]. You.