Do welcome everybody to the post-presidential podcast I. Am your host and kingmaker ethan klein wanker? Yes, I'm, the king? That's what you call someone who is the gateway to great power? That's me! So, if any other presidential candidates hopefuls want to come pass through, the gate, I can make a king make I can make you a king I'm, the kingmaker, of course I'm referencing, our last podcast, with Andrew yang presidential hopeful of the Democratic Party, had a great great conversation with him. Yeah feel very honored to have had him come through our studio and I highly recommend you guys checking that out. It was. It was a really good conversation. I enjoyed myself very much Andrew. What a what a guy huh I mean. Really super cool super done. The earth super cool super smart, it's just nice day. You can have like a conversation with him like a normal person, just hanging out kind of thing. All right. Thank you to our sponsors. True hems and daddy fresh, the huge restock new shirt that he was wearing. This shirt was restocked Teddy, fresh, calm ahead. Oh sorry, to cut you off, we have obligations. I was saying that I can't imagine having such a conversation with any other candidate. Like can you imagine someone like Joe Biden? No, because they just wouldn't stick to the it wouldn't wouldn't happened. They'd stick to the script and that's what's so unappealing about all of them? You don't know what any of them think or feel because they're all just telling the line yeah I mean. Is there any one else I would like to have in here Bernie Sanders, you did Rogen, though, and I mean he was great. I was really impressed with Bernie because he really toes the line in most debates and interviews. It's always like the two percent of the 20 percent. 10 percent of this country owns 2% of all the wealth and 50 percent, the 50 percent of the 100 percent, but he actually will had a really good conversation with Joe and anyway we had some what's up EULA, sir I, don't know why this laptop will always sign out, no matter what we do sign out of what of our Google. So now I don't have the document open well again. Well, uh yeah, all my lead, hmm Michael avenatti came off of the yang gang. Do you not know the password? No, you should just tell her the password. This is very. It wants to watch him. Michael avenatti was talking [ __ ] to andrew yang. After our interview yeah. If you guys remember Michael and vanity, he was stormy. Daniels lawyer. This guy was in the media everywhere. He was talking about running for president. It was blowing up we're like whoa. So Andrew made a comment on the podcast. He said last time, I was in Iowa speaking Michael avenatti was there and he made a tweet like that. We were saying how times have changed, because Michael avenatti soon after blowing up, he found like guilty of a lot of really amazing darlink Salcha prison. So closing on him. Yeah scumbag he's awaiting trial yeah that guy's [ __ ] he's going to prison for a long time. He stole money from clients. He lied to help people I mailed Nike right. He write. That was the big story. I mean that guy is a [ __ ] idiot. He goes, he tries blackmailing Nike and Nike is like sure, yeah and meanwhile they're meet. It were like hey FBI, this guy's blackmailing me, and the FBI was like uh dude. It's an IT, bro Nike, the guy's so arrogant. So anyway, Michael avenatti, tweeted out at Andrew, I'm, really glad I found it cuz. He erased it. Everyone started slamming on him. Spot I was surprised that that wait so like how to know some class like well and and and and choose what tweet wasn't really amatory that much. She said. No last time I spoke at the wingding. The final speaker was Michael. Avenatti times have changed, thankfully well I guess the thankfully is a little jab. You are good, you are a you know, criminal, be real with that and you did it with some class. In my opinion, and then arrayed Michael ever not his response. Well, he certainly didn't tag him or anything. You know so. Avenatti comes out of the cuts. Like oh did. Somebody say my name, which is clearly like either has a notification for when someone tweets at him or searches his name, and he says they haven't changed that much. You still have no shot at the nomination. None- and let me remind you, the reception my remarks received and he linked to a article from The, Guardian, Michael of and I says. Democrats was fire with fire. Okay! Well, apparently, whatever yeah dude a lots of change bro. So then, then Andrew came out with the zinger. Wait. This where's Andrews Inger I, said to him. Michael I would say: yang has a much better chance than you considering you're in prison will be will be, but it's a good. It's a nice gaff and I further said. Well, we got to protect the yang game. Yeah dude, I'm, yang game for life and I. Go wait, I'll, go wait, hold on Michael can one run? Can one run for president from prison? Please let us know and he blocked me. I told my mom I was okay, my gob and out he just blocked me. She said it was good for someone with such a big mouth. He sure can't take it. You know he sure is sensitive. What a bitch-ass blocking people honk yeah, don't don't even come at my yang, my gang boy by the way yang had a great response to which already -, oh here's blocked. Why did I not save Andrews response? I thought I had it here. Can you give me that Dan? Can you pull that up? Yeah I'm pulling it up so yeah avenatti blocked me, which is really which is kind of a beautiful thing. It means you've, read my tweets and was so agitated under his skin and he dropped the block on me here. It is thank you Dan and that's. That is why you don't block, because now you're giving us money and now I'm talking about in the show I'm like oh this little bitch-ass blocked me mute, dude, mute if you can't handle it, but you know why I came to a realization. Hmm, you block, because it prevents people from interacting with your tweets and that you can control the narrative. I see yeah like sometimes I. Look at a tweet and I'll be like. Why aren't there people slamming on this guy right now? It's cuz, they blocking everybody and then all the haters. It can't respond. So it's like total total [, __ ] censorship mode. That's why the that's why courts ruled the Donald Trump can't legally block people on Twitter Wow Trump's blocking a ton of people on Twitter? Can you imagine the president spends his time blocking that really happen? Yes and the courts decided it's unconstitutional for Trump to block people on Twitter. Oh my guess what he has not unblocked them and people are suing the president, because they're blocked is that not epic day I feel like we're in a black Camaro episode like everything. Just the court is ruling about you blocking someone. Well, it's it's one. It's a it is, but it makes sense: yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh he, oh there's a new response he offered well hold on. Let me go to Andrew so because I was in the room Michael, you have bigger problems than fond. Memories of your pretend run. Good luck! You just got ganged on that was a [ __ ] slam, dunk I love that you've got bigger problems than your fond memories. Good luck, Oh! Your pretend run. Michael responded, mister less than 1%, actually 3% bet she already made it to the final debates. [ __ ], and, let me remind you, Michael in prison, prison boy avenatti that Trump was at 1% this time last year. Prison Matty was pretty naughty not last year. This time during you know what I mean yeah right during the last election cycle. Thank you Dan. Thank you very much. God bless you! Prison Adi Michael you've been naughty, so you going to prison less than 1%. You were running for president supposedly and yet you're still obsessing over my reception bro. That is not one of them realize that he's he's simply using it as a metric of of how much has changed in a year, dude no one's obsessing over your reception at an event one year ago, and how nobody paid attention to what you had to say: get over it and get out of the race you're, embarrassing yourself, dude! This guy is such a tool. This guy, oh my god, I- have to recite there I want to respond to live on the show right now. No, but you can't you're blocked there. You go and that's why I blocked you exactly. You see my blog. This is such pathetic, low character response, I would say something like if anyone is obsessed, it's him. Why are you? Why do you care that? Is he didn't even tag you you creep, you know, but why does he care that he's running? He keeps saying get over it get out of the race, because he's butthurt that he made a slight at him and he's a petty little [ __ ] [ __ ] ass. Oh, maybe he didn't erase it. He just blocked me, so it says, unavailable you see the power of the block. You control the narrative, so I believer in non blocking I've! Never I! Don't have anyone blocked and you can you can take that to the bank at least I think so I may have one or two kids blocked from a long time ago. So don't go around there trying to expose me because I have your [ __, ], dumbass blocked with ten follows, but I'm pretty sure I don't have anyone blocked, okay, but guess what I could if I wanted I'm, not the [ __ ] president, you know what I'm saying I don't hold public office. I would say to Michael. If I could tweet at him, I would say he knows who's obsessed, [Music]. You know who's obsessed with you. The Nike lawyers who are gonna, put you in prison I, don't know no good right, see! That's why you don't twit on the show needs you gotta, think about minutes. Yeah get out of the race you're, embarrassing yourself, Michael, you're, Michael, embarrassing yourself, bro anyway. Whatever that guy's such a tool, man, Michael, avenatti bro. What's it do you tweeted at yeah, hey dude, you're, so pathetic you blocked me. You said gangs embarrassing himself, bro! Oh damn this guy's such a tool. He was like really popular for a minute. I know he was on Bill. Maher people were taking him seriously. I was enjoying the show for a moment. He seemed cool, but then very quickly, things have changed like yank pointed out, I've been naughty, all right. Moving on, let's move on, oh and since we're on the politics you're, so politically Ethan yeah. Well, what can I do it's a political time? We've got an election coming up. There's a lot at stake. You got shootings every day, I mean what the [ __ ] dude. How do you not care about this stuff? I mean I've tried for the longest time. I want to talk about this photo cuz, it's so classic. Here's Trump at the El Paso hospital, this orphan lost both of his parents at the shooting at Walmart in El Paso hit the child is a parentless he's an orphan and Donald Trump, and the first lady show up at the hospital. The story, as it was reported, is that the child was discharged from the hospital already and the White House requested to have the baby back for a photo op. So here's Donald Trump with a big smile and a thumbs up in the first lay with a big smile to commemorate this beautiful day. This future Trump supporter, hey, I'm, surprised, I, didn't put a little make America great hat on him. You know it's like you may have lost your parents, but you'll always have this pick to cherish this picture. It makes me so upset. I, don't even have words to describe I hate. It get your hands off that babe. You have nothing to do with that baby. Why are you holding him most of I even using him as an accessory for a picture? Well, that's a great point. You look because most of the patients at the hospital refused to be visited by Trump because of most people. No think that he's response his rhetoric. His words are partially responsible, for you know inciting that kind of violence. So most people said no. This baby, unfortunately, who lost both of his parents is incapable of saying no, and so they were unable to get many photo opportunities, but they were able to get a hold of this baby, who was already discharged and brought back to the hospital so thumbs up. Make mega mega mega I saw an article today that um they're offering classes to kids who were going back to school now, everyone's going back to school on how to treat wounds and stop bleeding and I thought. I grew up in a [, __ ] up environment in Israel seriously I mean we used to have drills at school in elementary school. What happens when there's like a siren or a terrorist attack, or something and everyone had to run, to save and I? Just can't believe that this is happening here, because when I moved here, I was like this is. This is like euphoria like California is amazing, so beautiful you've, all the opportunity in the world and like America, is so great, and then this show is happening here. I almost like I feel safer in Israel all of a sudden. Well, you know that's why? If I can move on skip ahead a little bit to Neil smoke, deGrasse Tyson's worst weight of all time, he goes because I think what he's missing here he even taking his tweet at face value, which I think is just stupid and awful, but he's what he's missing is the terrorism yeah? It's psychological terrorism. You cannot put a number on that. This tweet really upset me this guy he's, so this tweet is so pathetic. I'm gonna break it down, because a lot of people seem to think that this is a permanent, irrational thing to say. Nilda, crass and in the immediate aftermath of these back-to-back shootings, said in the past 48 hours, the USA horrifically lost 34 people to mass shootings on average across any 48 hours. We also lose 502 medical errors. By the way, this number is hotly contested in the comments 302, the flu 252 suicide 200, a car accidents, 42 homicide via handgun, often our emotions respond more to spectacle than to data. Well, first of all the timing bro the [ __, ] timing, yeah and, and and second of all, what is he trying to? What is he trying to do with this tweet yeah, it's hard to say, I mean he's trying to put it in the context. I guess and saying: hey: it's not that bad I mean. Is it really is that what he's trying to say I, don't know what other he's trying to say he's going like look we're all getting super upset about. You know these mass shootings, but it's really not that big of a deal also excuse me for getting emotional I'm. Are we allowed to get emotional I? Don't sign? It's not a bad thing. All of a sudden, yes, I'm, emotional I, think I don't want to hear about a baby dying because someone shot him or a baby, not having parents. Now cuz someone shot his parents. Well, that's just because you respond more to spectacle than data according to Neil, no ma'am human being with emotions. The comparison is so tone. Deaf I mean it's just it's honestly for someone who's supposed to be so smart. This is one of the dumbest things I've ever heard to the flu. Do you not think we're trying to prevent people from dying from the flu bro we've been trying to find a cure to the flu for, since we [ __ ] knew that vaccines were thin? What do you think we're not doing about the flu mm-hmm he's implying that somehow we should be more worried about these. What can I do about the flu Neil there's already the flu people are not taking it. People diet flu, it's the flu, the flu, it's the flu. It's killed more people than anything. It's the flu Neal. Why should a random horrific mass shootings be even comparable to the flu? The flu? It kills people Neal. What am I son medical errors? What am I supposed to do about medical errors, hotly-contested figure by the way, I'm sure the hospital has their own procedures to handle those errors? Yeah, hey, hey guys. We should be more worried about medical errors. The problem is that it feels like no one is doing anything about mass shootings and by the way- and this is why everyone's getting so emotional and it's and they should be well Neal's, saying it's not an issue. Then what do you think about his tweet? Yes, yeah I mean, like you, said, I think you know it's. It is rational to get upset about something that is preventable happening. You know what I mean and it's like I mean I, do understand what he's trying to say, but, like you said it's just so what is he trying to say? What is he trying to say? Well he's trying to say just like from a a completely you know detached way. You know not that big of a deal it's he's trying to point out like how people are more afraid of dying in a plane crash than dying in a car accident, even though you're way more likely to die in a car accident, and it's like yeah I understand that point Tom, but regardless it's like it's not operable, because so let me write out Neil deGrasse Tyson tweet on September 12th, okay, the day after the the world trip yeah, he goes, he goes uh. You know we did lose 3,000 people to a terrorist attack, but the flu in that same amount of time within a week, kills more people. So it's very so really we don't need to worry about that. Yeah also I, don't know for me growing up in Israel there's. Oh, there was always like there would be. A new trend of terrorist attack like they'll, have a new kind of thing that works, that they figure it out too get to people. But then what you would see is the government taking action towards that new thing right and you would see changes right. Things will be addressed, you'll have a few terror attacks and then they figure out a way to stop it until there is a new kind, but there is nothing happening here, nobody's doing anything well and and and part of why this tweet is so bad. Is that he's kind of I feel like this? Is a right-wing or a gun? Nra talking point that he's kind of parroting and I've seen this tweet being celebrated by like NRA and people like that who are opposed to gun change, because he, what he's saying is basically hey this, isn't it this? Isn't a problem we're all over over responding to it. But the truth is that with 250 mass shootings this year, I don't think that any sane person could say that the status quo is fine. You know. What's funny, is the - two of the items here: 250 - suicide, that's usually gun vodka bite by guns and 40 by handgun I. Don't know why he even included that you [ __ ] imbecile, he's also gun violence. It's so weird because we all know that is a really smart, intelligent guy I mean you keep saying your embassy, which I understand why you're saying it seems like the dumbest to it I'm, considering the timing of it, which just doesn't make sense to me. Why would he do that? 200, a car accidents yeah? Well, hmm! Well, I! Guess at this point, since 200 people did die in a car accident, I guess I shouldn't worry about all the mass shootings 34 people well, also a lot more people used to die in car accidents, and then we implemented a bunch of laws to make cars safer and mandatory seatbelts and all kinds of things. You know we we took action on that right and the point is that everything he listed here is stuff that we are trying to improve, with the exception of suicide and handguns, which is kind of part of the same issue. I don't know, but it it doesn't make sense. It doesn't in any way the the bigger part that is missing is the terrorism right like and not. It shouldn't be under the same kind of medical error. Look at [, __, ] al-qaeda. They blew up the World Trade Center and they [ __ ] our whole society up comparatively it's not that much damage, but it's the Terrorism. It's the psychological warfare that that's that's, that's the real, that's really damaging it. So it's cities that everyone in that area of where something happened will be traumatized forever. It's so much damage. So what he's saying in his really really empathetic tweet is hey. Don't even trip dog not that big of a deal chances are you're, not gonna, be killed by a by a homegrown terrorist just smoke, the grass Tyson yeah smoke, the grass mom anyway, I thought this was just the trashiest thing, I ever read, and then he tried to explain it and like a follow up thing and I still don't oh really yeah. He made it an apology that I just saw this morning. That was hanging and I closed. My [ __ ] document, I, don't know I thought it was so dumb hold on me. Yeah, daddy, let's talk also what's annoying. Is that right after a shooting people are like don't talk about it now, it's too soon. You know let the families and have their moment and then, if you keep talking about it, people are like. Can you move on? We want something a little more. So that's part of light-hearted, that's part of the strategy of avoiding this is part of the the propaganda strategy. They that argument worked for a long time. They say: oh, don't politicize it and then so. Okay I have to wait, and then you lose the moment yeah and now. Well now the new strategy is they're. Blaming video games and I've got a whole clip a whole segment of them blaming video games and it's all Fox News and it's then the president himself comes out and blames video games. They know it's not video games to blame. They know that they'll, never change that all they're trying to do is redirect and and off and like confuse the conversation so that in a week and two weeks I mean it's already forgotten. Then we stopped caring about gun control. It's it's dude and you know the other argument. Is people say they want to take all of our guns away? No dude these all these shootings are [ __, ] military rifles, we're pretty far from taking all guns, - I'm leaving I'm gonna wanted to do that. That's not gonna happen. I'm a gun owner I, like my gun, I like having my gun, have a shotgun at my house: okay, handguns shotguns, hunting rifles, god bless dude, but their military just needs to be new procedures. When something this happened. You gotta add more rules, you know you gotta add, for example, background checks or like in Israel. There was a something that happened a while ago with like a guard using his handgun. So then they made a law where the guards have to leave their handguns at work. Let's say they can take it with them. You know, there's things that you can do to prevent stuff right. Yeah, nothing happens, they always say the Conservatives, the gun, pro-gun people say like it's a mental health issue. Okay, what are we doing about mental health? That's nothing! Well, they say! No! No! It's not! The guns. I've identified the issue. Okay. So what are we doing about that issue? Nothing. They never do anything. Oh yeah I just see that talking point a lot like it's, not the gun, it's the person. Okay. So what are we doing about that? You know well Let Me, Entertain You, not just a person and the person used the gun, but, let's even just say, they're right. So what are we doing about that? Yeah? Nothing, then nothing ever gets done. Weak, pathetic people weak come on. Do it 250 this year? What are we [, __ ] doing here? Why are we as a country allowing this to happen? You know most people are in favor of some common sense, gun laws, background checks. You know there was like there was legislation to prevent people with a history of mental illness from getting guns and guess what the [ __ ] a Republican Party blocked it Mitch McConnell or whoever [ __ ] the Kentucky. What says, what's? What's that this isn't a Mitch Mitch McConnell said: oh right, miss Whelan, oh yeah! He blocked it because, apparently preventing people with mental illness. Their own talking point is that it's a mental illness problem, and so when there's bipartisan legislation, the block mental people with a history of mental illness from getting guns, they block that mm-hmm does. Heaven can do with the NRA that contributed like two million dollars to his campaign. Is that funny only two million dollars? That's all it takes to enable 250 mass shootings to occur. It's just a couple million dollars to help him get reelected pretty cheap, pretty cheap I mean for the death of like some kids and [ __ ] and hundreds of people million bucks. It's a pretty cheap man, yeah. So I'll read his apology and then I'm gonna go into the video games, cause violence mium thumbs up guys: hey, took kids out there who died and lost their parents. Magga I feel like Trump's losing it. You know, I know, there's a probably some Trump support I mean there's a lot of Trump sports. Listen the show on the internet, particular there's a lot of Trump supporters, I think he's losing it I. Don't know me I understand why people voted for him at the time, but please reconsider. Look at the other options, he's losing it. Dude I really think so. I mean the guy spends all day blocking people on Twitter. Well, not anymore. Well, who says I thought he's not allowed to anymore. He still does he has an unblocked, the people, that's what I was saying, but I don't think he's blocking new people. I, don't know I mean he's they're they're suing him again. We should still unblock the people, our block they're, probably well. That was what the lawsuit was about right right right and he still has not unblocked them. I can't get over this picture. All right be best baby dumped up. It's almost 30 minutes. Should we continue or take a break. We've got. Let's look at the apology. Dance tell me we're at 30 minutes a rudder, Bing, Bing, bong bong. There's some really slow change the mood it feels so heavy change the mode. You know that's the problem. When you talk about this stuff, a lot we've got funny stuff on deck. Just following the thread. Look, it's not always laffs and gaffs and rainbows mm-hmm. You know this was a great one. Everybody mass shootings are bad neil degrasse tyson. This is dr.. Manhattan, like the god character from Watchmen. He goes a live body and a dead body contain the same number of particles, structurally, there's no discernible difference. Life and death are unquantifiable abstracts. Why should I be concerned? That's a good point. Argue with the facts. I only have to read it like five times: it's a lot of text for me, I, don't know what that that that was the perfect name, though I love that so, let's read his apology on Facebook, he went straight to Facebook he's like oh I'm, gonna get roasted on Twitter I came only gonna, go to hey, he calls it tweet storm. He says if you missed it, I offered a short list of largely largely preventable causes of death flu. How are we presenting? How are we preventing deaths from the flu you [ __ ] idiot car crashes? How are we preventing deaths from car cars? We are doing our best. He says a list of largely preventable causes of death. I, don't think that's right! Well, we are doing what we can yeah we're doing. What we can that's my point short of not driving cars. How are we gonna prevent deaths from car crashes right soon? That's very true point eula, along with our average to day death toll in the United States I love the idea of Neil deGrasse being like these back-to-back terrible shootings happen in Neil's iconic. Let me get these stats car deaths. Okay, perfect, I'm, crafting my beautiful tweet suicide numbers, medical errors right, not a big deal! Is it folks? They significantly exceeded the death toll from the two days of mass shooting he's like trying to justify, including the number of people who, on average, die from handgun violence. Every two days, I then noted that we tend to react emotionally to spectacular incidents of data yeah. Okay, we read the TWiT. That's why we're here? You don't need to dude he's so epic, how he understands human nature can break it down in a way that I could understand. I totally I totally feel so much better. Now about these shootings. Now that I understand the 200, people died from car from car accidents. In that same amount of time, I totally feel so much better about mass shooter doesn't want us to get more upset at the other stuff like when people are already upset right. Is that, as far as I'm gonna go to get us more upset about the other I think he was trying to make people feel better by saying by trying to show you that it's not that serious I mean I, with the implication that more common causes of death by the way and- and you know he's he's putting mass shootings next- is something like the flu. Okay. That should not be in a comparable statistic. That's there. That's a lot of people dying from mass shootings. My intent was to offer offer objectively true information that might help shape conversations and reactions to preventable lives. Meantime, where I miscalculated was that I genuinely believe between would be helpful to anyone trying to save lives in America. What I learned from the range of reactions is that for many people, some information might wheat in particular, can be true but unhelpful. So I was right, but you guys just weren't ready for him, especially at a time when many people are either still in shock or trying to heal or both. If you are one of those people, I apologize, if not knowing in advance what effect might one of those on you one of those? It is so if you're, one of those [ __ ] imbeciles, who can't handle a little dose of objective reality. I am therefore I. Am therefore thankful for the candor and depth of critical reaction shared in my Twitter feed as an educator, I personally value, knowing with perception, precision and accuracy what reaction anything I say or write well and still in my audience, and this one then I get wrong respectfully submitted mother, [, __ ], what you just sign off as that is right. Truly yours, hate, Twitter war, yeah, just right, yeah, yours truly I mean this is a really desi apology. It should suck so much man its objective truth and preventable doubts. Thank you saying. I didn't know that that many of you are gonna be so dumb and you would take it so wrong he's like look. Only 32 people died and there's two or three hundred million. So how could you all have been so affected by this I'm? Only about a thousand people could have been affected firsthand. Mr. Zhu is truly [. __ ] makes me miss Carl Sagan's, so much yeah, Carl Sagan, oh mama, I I read this I'm, like you know what Neal? For those reasons and for those reasons amount I was like dude anyway, there you have it folks, let's take a break. When we come back, we've got the videogames or to blame for shootings guys. So we've got a revelation here. We figured it out all right, let's fix it all together. When we come back from this commercial break, you know. Did you know that 66% of all men start losing their hair by the age? 35 I did because I heard this you've heard this from oh yeah. Well, it's scary, and it's true and guys are not doing enough to keep that beautiful, head of hair on their head. Where it belongs. Okay, it makes a big difference: I'm, not even talking about cuties. You want to [ __ ] you because you have a big beautiful head of hair, no I'm. Also talking about the Sun, you want cancer on your head. Cuz you're, bald gonna be stuck putting sunscreen on your head. Well, it's real. We got to do something about it. There's no reason to do nothing in this day and age, we're in the future. Okay, we've got science and we've got doctors that can help you right now for hemes, calm is the solution. It's a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for men. These are real prescriptions, backed by science. There's no waiting room, no awkward, in-person doctor visits, you're gonna save hours by going to four hems calm. All you do is answer a few quick questions and a real doctor will review and give you a real prescription to keep that hair, beautiful and glowing and flowing so order. Right now, my listeners are gonna, get a one-month trial for hims for just $5 today, right now, while supplies last see website for full details and safety information, this would cost hundreds if you went to a doctor of pharmacy so keep that head on your hair, where it belongs, god, damn it go to forums, dot-com, slash, h3, that's fo, r, hims, comm, slash h3 for hams com, a ch3, teddie, fresh calm is a cool place to get clothing that you can wear it's hip. It's fresh, it's cooled and it's designed by yours truly the way this is yours truly, can I ask my own self for a mate good. You do a shitty ad read, but me neither own this company. So can I ask myself for a free ad, read I make good yeah I'm, sorry Ethan, but you don't pronounce teddy fresh calm properly. There's some [ __ ]. If you say dot-com, you owe us a free read so I yeah, you didn't say dot-com anyway either. Why are we talking about Teddy, fresh I? Don't know, let me see your shirt brand new shirt. The yin yang baby stand up. Let's get along gang stand up model that okay, beautiful love, it love it love it look at the screen here. We've got also got it in black and white. This one's hot as it gets I mean it's hot as it gets folks. Look at this shirt I mean guys it's hot as it gets. Ah, okay, don't try so hard. I need more guidance. I need cops, trying a little too hard eating. Okay, when we turn it down. We've also got back in stock. Everyone's favorites we've raced. It may be one of the biggest three stocks we brought back all the color-block colors, that's the hernia for all three colors in stock and the one next to the ice cream, hoodie and the TF hoodie and the shirt we've got the fullest limit. The most wanted act now, while supplies last and there's some new [ __ ], you know whatever just go to Teddy fresh tuck I'm, look around see if there's something you like gah beige, anything else to do. Mm-Hm, okay, back to the show guys! Thank you. You know people often react to spectacle, but there's 2300 high-rises in New York and the World Trade Center was only two buildings. So statistically it really wasn't that big of a deal we often relate to inspect the Colvin effect. I want to show you before we get into video games things. Joe Biden had a great gaff for everyone who thinks I'm just here about over the Conservatives I mean here. Look at your boy, Biden, whose brain is melting before our eyes we should do. Is you should challenge these students? We should challenge students in these schools. They have Advanced Placement programs in these schools. We have this notion that somehow, if you're poor, you cannot do it. Poor kids are just as bright in just his talents- white kids, wealthy kids, black top. Then he goes on to say he saves it by saying by listing other races, more kids are just as smart do it. Poor kids are just as bright and just as talyn's white kids. How great is that the best one ever orcas are just as bright as white kids? How brave the brave stands to take [Applause] everyone's like no? No, no, no I really do mean it. Poor kids are just as smart as white, kids, Asian, kids, you know poor is not a race Asian, kids, I, I, think Joe Biden and his prime was a he look. Don't forget texted three calm. No, he didn't even say flash. He said go to. He said it was the best moment he pulled that up. I want to find it. He goes. I was watching that live and I was like what he goes go to Joe 303 303, he doesn't say calm. He doesn't say tax. This says: go to Joe 303 three, giving its phone number call me and ask for Joe. So what he meant to say it's one of those like text by them to make it was 20/20 because I was like wow, it's not good. Everyone had a really good URL like yes, no, you can see it and open that clip. You were looking at now. I just gave you the clip. Why did they choose that as their thing, because everyone was like yang 20/20, calm I was like? Oh that's easy to remember, then he was like, what's with the three oh three, three like it doesn't really make any sense. If you agree with me, go to Joe 303 303. What is good? It's like Joe wanna help. If you open that a clip that we were just watching about the white kids yeah, you can see on the stadium, it says it is. It is text number you're supposed to say Joe to 303 303 303 300 M is not gonna win. I'll. Tell you why? It's literally because of that [ __ ], raising [ __ ] money next Iowa to 303 300. That is so bad. Why not just Joe, 2020, dot-com I, don't know vote Joe, 2020, dot-com, dude, I, don't understand, I've seen other marketing people doing this texting. It's awful give me a URL I'm, not texting. Anyone. Anything I, don't even use text anymore. Texting is for savages and brutes I. Don't text savage yeah! It's for [ __, ], low-tech losers, they're savage Oh like yes, they're, plebeian, scumbags, poor, but they're, just as smart, as were you thinking, savage like how Jake Falls yeah, meaning it actually has a it actually has a meaning. It means not anymore I'm uncultured a savage. Is someone who's uncultured well you're on cultured. If you don't know what Savage means? Well, that's you know what savage me you text Joe watch this again. No, this is my favorite thing so far. Out of this whole thing, if you agree with please go to Joe 303 threefold, then it's a bad bad place to get other people to go. Well, you know, I could see even myself, because it's just Joe 303 three three three yo and then mine he's like cool [ __ ] anyway. Did you know that video games are responsible for all the mass shootings, I've heard you say it? Well, here's the proof. It's all somehow being reported on Fox, News and then finally, parodied by yours, truly and I don't mean OJ Simpson. You want a you, even these individuals, what they wrote in others, but I mean this may be a place that this is a Republican House minority face of what what's being written can be changed to be an indication that an individual needs, help and others that we can stop. But the idea of these video games to dehumanize individuals to have a game of shooting individuals and others I've always felt that is a problem for really a future generation. I've always felt that as a unqualified I've always felt that as someone with no who's never played video games held a controller or done research with it at all. I've always felt that, like he's so ahead of his time, I've always had an intuition that, instead of gun control, I've never thought to myself. How are these young kids getting possession of assault rifles and tons of ammo and bump stocks, and huge magazines I've always thought to myself? No, it's the violent video games. This guy has never [ __ ] played a video game in his life. Ever look how cool this is: [, __, ], crusty, old, [, __ ]. There's we watched from studies shown but really which one does to individuals. When you look at these photos of how it took place, you can see the actions within videogames, so it's just vile eyes, it's violence and what study has even thought. The opposite is true. Every time they've studied this, they buy no connection between being violent. Just look at the stats. You don't need any any study. It's all right there in front of us the best counter I've ever seen this trip. You know, chart right here videogames per person that they spent to violent gun deaths, South, Korea, China, even more than the United States. Almost no gun deaths, United well I mean clearly just look. Usa is the total outlier here Japan Italy Spain France Germany Canada United States, our United Kingdom's, all huge consumers of video games. Does anyone else have gun deaths? Do you know what it is likely linked to the availability of guns? Well, this shows there is no correlation at all, no correlation none. But if you look at the vicina, if you look at the scene of the violence, you could clearly tell that it's something out of a video game. People never died before video games were around and you know world war ii was a war of well. It was a different time. Hmm, some people say that Hitler went back in time and played video games, and that was a cause for what worked. Oh [ __ ] this guy. So anyway, here's douche number one there's, but what I'd like to do is make sure just get all the facts where they're indications and there's times before that we have found this and there's times a foreign that we've proven we could come together. Just in the last Congress. We found that there was a shooting in Texas that an individual should not have been able to have that weapon because he was dishonorably discharged because there was abuse with inside that he he did within his own family. But we found that the knick, the National instant criminal background check. We came together to make sure that it was our own military was not putting that forward. Giving the information at the time that that could have been stopped is that weapon or trying to talk him out. What he's saying is basically, what I'm trying to say is I'm trying to figure out what I can say to make it sound like I care and I want to do anything, but in a week I want to ensure that I won't forget about this, and nothing happens because, frankly speaking, we all receive lots of millions of dollars of money from the NRA and well we'd be really [ __ ], if that ever stops coming in, probably not reelected, so the cost of a couple dead children. Well, it's really probably video games. If anything here, there's more Fox News once again, Ted Williams! Let's have a look here: old, Teddy Boy! You know I wonder if, if these guys, who very often are raised on a diet of violent video games- oh yes, they yeah if they actually start pulling the trigger of a real weapon and they see real death and they find that it's not as satisfying as as maybe it was when they're playing it on a television screen. What are you even listen to you? All? These geniuses have got these theories. They don't even play video games, they just wander. He goes it's not as satisfying, so why would they go kill people his theory? Doesn't even have you ever encountered that and and could that be the reason that that this guy just finally stopped well I've encountered video game players and and their activity, but it's read at individuals act out like this. There are video, gamers I. Think it's a little too early to speculate at this stage about the motives, but what we do, this guy's, like wow, really yeah, here's another one from guess where Fox News right, it's almost like they've got an agenda. I were a betting man. I'd say that he probably lost six to eight hours a day playing one of those. You know six day. Try 10:00 to 12:00 [ __ ] video games. Were you doing - nothing but dehumanizing people by blowing their heads out blowing their heads off one after another after another, because it does seem to desensitize some of these killers. - I love. How scientifically well, it does seem. Yeah, isn't this the same guy that was asking the other dude everybody on Fox News looks the same. I can write Ichiro's I'm. Actually, what happens when you pull a trigger, and that is the talking it's just. You know these guys. You guys know that in the morning all these fox news anchors get a memo that says talk about pointing guns at people in real life is desensitized from playing violent video games. They keep repeating the same lines. - it's telling for the last 25 years we have been. Are the parenting method in this count in this country has been very soft and there haven't been a lot of when you start shooting them, threatening them at gunpoint. Parents need guns really like you know how to prevent these shootings really sure parents with will shoot the shooter they go. They've been talking about how arming teachers they want to do that. Yeah when you start arming Walmart employees, because how are we gonna prevent that? Well, all Walmart managers get to carry around a handgun. Now, love it everybody that is actively engaging in something that causes you to dehumanize people for hours and hours. It really are you an expert lady. Do you have some qualification methods, a former FBI agent to be looked at and it's something that we've seen several former active shooters she got. She got that wall to have been retired from the FBI huh. You know what I mean she's a little young to be retired from the FBI she's like, and what division were you in in the FBI? Well, I can't talk about it. She's like what's she was like uh agriculture. You know what I mean. Oh yeah perfect. Well, let's see there's another one here if you believe that this is a clip of Trump, let's see lieutenant governor Dan Patrick of Texas, also blaming videogames on what network is this? How can I I'm gonna be that they're all happening on the same network like they had a memo in a talking point to try to confuse the time, will act and, let's condemn it, for what it is. Evil are evil and I and I say: how long are we gonna? Last an example and ignore at the federal level, particularly yes, where they can say something about the video game that we believe is from shooting this manifesto. He talks about living out his Super Soldier fantasy, someone debunk all that studies. It says it does not, but I look at the common denominators as sixty so yeah. His his manifesto said something to the effect of you know remember: it is not cowardly to pick low-hanging free fruit. Okay, don't attack heavily guarded areas to fulfill your Super Soldier Cod fantasy, so he's basically encouraging other people to like not try and act out your videogame fantasy. Rather, you should go shoot up. A Walmart cool guy really really great advice there. So you're saying I, attack, low security target yeah he's essentially saying the exact opposite of what the go in the game yeah. He wasn't trying he's saying: don't, try and act out your Super Soldier fantasy, it's literally the opposite of what he just said in that clip. So there you go by the way. You know how we used to be like don't even name the shooter, because if we don't want to give them any notoriety, there's so many of them now you're, no one special anymore go shoot up a [ __ ] Walmart. Nobody even gives a [ __ ] about you. I didn't even heard the guy's name once because there's so many of you pathetic losers. Well, now, they're! Now the new annoying thing is that they called their little write-up and manifesto yeah. Well, guess what it's just a bunch of [, __ ], nobody [ __ ], cares about, and nobody even remembers your name, because your your your there's, thousands of you idiots now it used to be we'd, be like. Oh, this was his name, and this was it's like dude you're, not that smell waiting for ya you're, not that special anymore. You [, __ ], loser ass, [, __ ]! You can go sit at the loser table in hell. You know what I mean. There's like a lunch table in hell for all these loser. Ass shooters I bet you at the loser table in hell, they're all playing Magic, the Gathering but they're out of like trap cards. I, don't know anything about magic. Sorry, two people who play Magic Yugi, oh there's, no trap cards in magic. Really there isn't. Maybe there is I, haven't, played magic since lame ooh I'm. Sorry to interrupt this guy's manifesto. This guy's got a little math as to him zone. We've always had guns, we've always had evil, but what's changed where we see this rash of shooting bro. Are you so [ __ ] dumb? Do you understand that every kid plays video games? You could say that about anything. Oh, these kids today are ditching school. It must the common denominator, video games. What percentage of kids are playing video games around that age? 100% of all kids are playing video games. Man. You really are dumb as it gets, even if you want to make the argument that it's like you know, 0.1% of people that play this are like desensitized by it. I mean you can make that argument. So many things I mean. Should we we should outlaw alcohol because people get violent when they drink alcohol. A tiny sliver of people do so. Let's just ban alcohol Oh movie yeah. What about violent movies done? That's what it used to be. Nobody talks about that anymore. Wasn't it also like they used to talk about music like that yeah, heavy metal, yeah yeah, but again ignoring the fact that all kids are listening to [ __ ], the same music dude I mean all you have to see. Is this I really? This is the start and stop of this theory yeah! That's it dude! If game video games make people violent these, you would not see this. You would see a linear correlation. I mean dude. It's not rocket science, even Neil, deGrasse Tyson could do a little write-up about this and well. Well, you see at a hundred thousand people. I, don't know what this means. Oh one per 100,000 yeah! That's nothing! Why we even worry about this and I and I, see a video game industry that that teaches young people to kill. You know in his manifesto. He said he. This is not a Republican or Democrat thing, because he was concerned about robots and environment and and immigrants. Obviously a hate crime, I think in, in my view, against immigrants from this man just Michael. We haven't had an official report on that and I don't mean to talk on but I've. Just my heart is so heavy this morning, because I think, yes, where are we as a country? I, look at social media, the violence of just bullying, people on social media every day and we turn our head and we and we allow it on a Sunday morning, one most of your viewers right now. Half of the country are getting ready to go to church and and yet tomorrow we won't let our kids even pray in our schools. Well, we have a really good point he's making his heart is heavy because we're all going to church on Sunday yeah. We won't even let our kids pray in our schools and that and it's God God has noticed this and sent these shooters to punish us and then, finally, if it couldn't get any better, the President himself after watching Fox News all day has decided. He knows why these shootings are taking. We must seek real bipartisan solutions. We have to do what in a bipartisan manner that will truly make America safer and better for all. First, we must do a better job of identifying and acting on early warning signs. I am directing the Department of Justice to work in partisan partnership with local state and federal agencies, as well as social media companies to develop tools that can detect mass shooters before they strike the monster in the Parkland High School in Florida had many red flags against him, and yet nobody wanted a monitor. Nobody did anything. You know why not got to prevent the second. We must stop the glorification of violence in our society. This includes the gruesome and grisly video games. That's number two now commonplace. It is too easy today for troubled youth to surround themselves with a culture that celebrates violence. We must start for substantially reduce this and it has to begin immediately. Cultural change is hard, but each of so that was number two on his list is violent. Video games so I think that I don't see the little bit of a problem. Yeah these shootings are gonna, keep happening. That's let's soldier on, shall we yeah Brazilian drug lord tries to escape prison I mean obviously I got to talk about this story, captured the the mind and imagination of the world. Huh Brazilian gang leader has been caught, trying to escape from jail disguised as teenage daughter. Now there's something about this guy's plan that doesn't make sense to me. Yeah his 18 year old daughter comes to visit him and he left her in the prison cell. Did you not think that through because II don't know what was the plan? I was confused by that too? Well, so what happened was that well they caught him and they arrested his daughter for being an accomplice, but even if he escaped, she would have still been an accomplice and they would have put her in jail. Yeah I mean then are we getting it right? Is that yeah I mean I? The only thing I can imagine is you know he leaves, and then she also leaves and hopes that nobody notices that the same person left twice like she's right. Oh I, guess he's like hey guys, I'm in the cell right yeah I'm, not not in the cell. How would she get into the cell? It would have been in the like the visitor area. Yes, so they both walk out right, that's separate, but that's a pretty brilliant yeah I guess she was just gonna leave later, but the people watching you know President as far as I'm aware is uh yeah. They know who's coming and going and that's kind of the main function of a prison right. You could say that so anyway, he really goes full mission possible man he's coming. That's impressive yeah by the way. What is this outfit? It's 18 year old girl, not a 12 year old man like a Mickey, Mouse love shirt on man. This has got to be the first time notice. They said his nervousness gave them away crazy. Well, the mask looks really I mean it's good enough at a glance. I guess if they weren't looking closely you're, probably pass his face. Did he ever bra yeah? What what's the point of but look at his face when he takes this off? You I almost accept him to be smiling like you got me, but he's like yeah he's that guy was apparently so this story takes a great little turn here. I mean I'm. Great I mean it's depressing here, there's more good pictures before we get to the pressing part of this story. That's here! Look at this. You uh! You want to laugh but uh, oh, my goodness, so crazy, oh yeah! That's it! Damn! That's a first for the world minutes in genius in a way the dude wearing the bra. Do this. You know I! Guess he went to the bathroom she, but how did she bring in all this yeah? Huh this was a complicated plan mm-hmm. So you know in a twist of fate. He this is almost too too depressing to read. He killed himself. He [ __ ] hung himself all right the next day, apparently his his daughter got thrown in prison and he was found three days after the failed attempt hanging from bedsheets. So that is not helping this episode, which we're trying to work night and and on top of it his 19 year old daughter, is now in prison for yeah kind of backfired. He was serving a 73 year sentence on drug trafficking charges, that's pretty steep on drug trafficking and [ __ ] around in Brazil yeah I'm uh remind me, never go to Brazil, oh there's, everyone go all the comments are, but the bra so funny like wig works, I guess glasses, help mask creepy, but obviously necessary. Jacket clearly also necessary shirt, cute bra. What this guy just wanted to explore on his life his last chance. No, the bra makes sense to me give a little extra all right he's going in that far myself throw on a bra I. Don't know it seems unnecessary because you had a jacket over, but there was no finding him down. I, don't know I'm down with the bra I'm, and now we go to our lead story. Actually, we have a lot left. We got the end dating game. Okay, here we go this. This has got to be one of the most epic fails of all time in the history of all of YouTube. You guys probably heard about this. A girl accidentally uploaded an unedited video of her abusing her dog, and this is a girl who basically acquired a Doberman puppy about a month ago and since then, she's been making pretty much. She was like a beauty, vlogger or something and she's been making videos with her puppy since then, and they've been performing much better than her usual content, so she's been making lots of videos happy-go-lucky videos with her new puppy. Until let me show you this, this is interesting: okay, because she she uploaded the unedited one erased it and then uploaded it, the one that she was meant to upload, and so what you'll see I want to show. You first is the edited version. Okay, so that you can write Harrison yeah. This is the version she meant to upload. So here you go so sweet, I love that dog, pretty smart, honestly how he can tell you the plastic like totally, not pasta, crap she's, trying to prank the dog, but it looks like they're having fun and you know what can you say it they're having a good time and she's doing little [Music], that's it! Okay! Now this is in one of the most epic youtube fez of all time. She accidentally uploads the wrong video, the unedited or raw file, which was quickly captured by Internet, sleuths, hmm and here by the way, can I show this, because I saw the original video was taken down. Yeah I mean it's not really that graphic. Is it it's? On that graphic I mean we should at least give a heads if, if you're really bothered by seeing an animal abuse and I'm not going the dog is fine, because it's a huge dog and the dogs disposition. Is this happy loving, carefree dog? So what you're about to see some hitting and just just mean behavior, but obviously she's not really capable of hurting the dog? No, it's really just like physically yeah. It's really just the attitude of the girl, so I think it's safe to watch I. Don't really think it's like really I! Think it's more just about that attitude. Yeah I only say that, because her original video was taken down I think in the conversation yeah, it's fine yeah, the dog jumped on her like playfully and she slapped it in the head. No doc, do you upload this I know that's so [ __ ] unbelievably stupid. This is her brand-new puppy she's only had for one month. Okay, she spit on her [ __ ] dog. She said in her apology. She didn't spit on. Well, he did he spit on your dog. It was off slightly off camera, but but there's there's literally nothing yeah. It is it's hilariously psycho, spitting on your dog she's, denying that she did it yeah yeah. She is. She says, because it's off-camera so I guess she I mean the only it's either she spit or she punched it in the face like which one it's worse, you can see her like thrust her right forward, but he's like trying to play with her yeah well in the tone of the video surprising that they're having fun it's playtime, yeah, and so now the dogs trying to play with her and by the way this is a tiny apartment. I can tell an adult man has a big [, __ ] dog, they have a lot of energy to get out, and so, especially as a puppy I can only imagine pick up. This dog is so he's got a lot of energy and he wants to play and he's in a really playful happy mood she spit on us [Music]. That friend is such a psycho thing. I can't get over the fact she spit on the dog and then uploaded it. That's the best part right that she uploaded this yeah, the guy who's recording. It is just recording the TV's, the monitors, probably because he's just like oh [, __ ]. Imagine oh, this is someone recording yeah, just imagine you're a fan of hers, and then this is like yeah. Oh, my god, it's like what is got the alert on your phone yeah, oh yeah. Let's check this out pretty wild -, how she turns it on and off yeah. This is like YouTube's, weird man, YouTube's weird, so awful I mean you can't really I don't know gives me the creeps. Maybe this job's not for you I, don't know, I! Think it's not! We love you. We love you like. She hates him, but also what's wrong with the dog being playful in this shot. Isn't that a good shot? Isn't that even a good job yeah? And it is a video about playing with the? What? Why are you even upset look at this? This is great. Look how cute he is. He just looked you in the face he's trying to play this dog, so awesome, yeah, she's, awful she's, saying her. Her mouth is clenched, so you can't hear but she's saying, lay down [Music]. So this video blew up and actually I. Strangely I, don't know what happened but I had my first reaction when I saw this was like I will cuz me and you are thinking about getting another dog anyway mm-hmm, so ice tweeted at her and I got a [ __ ] lot of attention. 62,000 likes now said I'm in LA, because I saw she lives in LA and I will literally buy your dog from you name any price. He really needs a new home and I was 100% serious. Now the crazy thing I followed her, so she could Danny. I said you know. My dams are open to you message me: I'm hunter sent serious and she did DM me. She said hello. Would you be willing to talk for a moment and I was like wow? Is this actually gonna happen and I said hey? What's up I'm understand serious? Give? If you give me your number, we can speak over the phone and she never responded to me so and I mean you can see. I I responded to her only 30 minutes after she says. Oh yeah I know what happened but I'm pretty sure things got a little heated, because there is another article that came out that the LAPD is opening a case about animal abuse on her. They basically just said they didn't say, give any information. They only confirmed that they opened an investigation into her, so [ __, ] crazy, oh I'm, in this article, that's cool! Look at me, oh I, didn't read her apology and her apology was so bad. Do it? Oh, my god, it's kind of long, but the tone is based. She doesn't even well here. Let me read the first one cuz. She goes yeah yeah. She goes first of all, let me say that on that day, I was actually having a less than exceptional week. I'm not gonna play the victim card, but I will, but I do want to point out that I'm rarely as upset as what you see. The bubbly happy-go-lucky girl that you see in the videos is an accurate representation of me really do you spit on your [ __ ] dog? If you do that once dude. That being said, this does not justify me yelling at my dog. Look. She doesn't acknowledge hitting him. She goes yelling, that's all she says and I'm fully of where that should have gotten his angers, I didn't know she I've raised my voice and yelled at him. No, however, when my 75 pound Doberman is jumping in my face with his mouth open I do as a dog parent have to show him that this behavior is unacceptable. I saw him lick your face. Lady yeah I'll go but I want to make it known, regardless of what my dog does. I should have not acted that way towards him. All she says is yelling she's trying to act like she's, saying I do want to clarify that I'm, not a dog abuser, not a dog abuser, animal geezer in any way shape or form anyone, who's, witness or her. True animal abuse will be able to clearly see that no I don't know what animal well was it, but she says that she didn't spit on him. Yes, she goes here. She goes. Let me scan, she says: oh did I spit on my dog. She justifies it by saying if he was audibly or physically in pain, it would be a different story and you would hear it. I also did not spit on my dog, but I understand how could look like that? Did I get in his face and take a necessary action toward him. Yes, I did, and that was not the way I should have handled. This is ruin but I spit on him. No, what did you do in that moment, if not spit on him? She says my family are in the process of getting a trainer, but it's very expensive mm-hmm don't get a dog, then yeah sure you're not gonna, be able to handle it yeah. She is a really and then she also says that he has a lot of toys as if that makes it matter yeah a dog like that needs to exercise like an hour a day. At least the toy doesn't do anything unless someone is playing with him with the toy. You have a toy dog, honest. She ends it by saying on a serious note, this is the new thing by the way. This is what Neal's this is how Neil apologized till they go. I just want to thank you for pointing out that things that you think are wrong discussing that, because the world needs more of that I hope you give me a chance to prove that these statements about myself do align with my action. I love that this is the new apology. Thank you, you and MA, and finally, I want to thank you, you for bringing this up and making the world a better place. Thank you, yeah you're, not fooling anyone, but I I had a feeling that she wasn't going to actually offer for me to adopt her dog anyway. She was probably just trying to prevent I stopped this episode of the right now, although I'm I'm, not even talking about this, as as currently I mean most people have already eviscerated her mm-hmm I didn't want to like a visitor cuz I wanted to leave the door open for actually adopting the dog I. If there is that door, open I mean I'm still, I am 100% willing, I have a big house. I've got a big yard. I've got a the means. Well, we take care of that big dog park and all the time- and we have another dog that has got a ton of energy she'll burn that [ __ ] off good. The first thing I saw when I saw that dog was like. Oh my god, he would be so good with shredder. They would go crazy together. The reason we want another one is because we feel so bad that we don't have as much time for shredder no with tutoring. So we want to get him a playmate mm-hmm, so god this girl's life is [, __, ], oh I'm, sure of it mm-hmm. So the LAPD is investigating her man, crazy huh. She pretty much disappeared off the face of the planet. She goes I, think everyone who's been kind of understanding, I, really appreciate it. I don't know who she's referring to really I'll come in this [ __ ]. Some people are really take it too far. Yeah, that's, there's no way we're gonna kill yourself. It's like! No! No! That's! That's really not the point here. I always hate seeing that, let's not tell people to kill themselves, she's still redeemable human being I mean she didn't commit genocide. She just needs some anger, management, mm-hmm and- and let me clarify I, think that she's capable of loving her dog and- and you know, wishing well for her dog. She has anger problems, yeah, uh, severe anger problems and some kind of trauma that she needs a fix, she's, a redeemable human being. She shouldn't kill right, I mean she didn't do anything. She didn't listen, listen, clever, I mean again she's, not a murderer. She's, not a rapist, she didn't really harm the dog irreparably, although that's not a healthy home for a dog. What I witnessed she needs to address her own issues? No, you know we need to tone down. We need to tone it down a little bit here. She's, a redeemable human being guys I mean come on right, I, agree, yeah, it's important to say it I mean we all go through dark times and lows. We are all capable of improving ourselves in yeah and when you have something going on and you're unstable, it's so easy to be to become mean towards someone or something yeah. Definitely, you know if we had a slice of all of our worst points uploaded to the internet, unedited, but that's what's so epic about this uploaded that yeah I, just I I can't wrap my head around how that even happens as well. You constantly puts things up on YouTube. It's like you, don't even like look at it for like half a second, the wrong footage. The only thing I can think of is that the clip she uploaded was closed in the duration of time they're. Both very short files yeah about nothing to do and I think that was probably some kind of export that wasn't the whole shoot. So that's the only thing I can imagine, but you can see this is the first video she made with her puppy, mm-hmm name the life of my Doublemint puppy from one month ago. So this is a new adoption and every video she's made with the dog since then has gotten way like the one with the thumbnail has helped me with an arrow point, but look at this first video. Look how many cuts there like I, just wonder if she's speeding, the [ __ ] out of it during that month. You know during this part that she cut out. I know why I just I, don't think you can really get a dog that size in a in that tiny apartment all the time in New, York I'll. Let you have to know that you have a huge. Your dog requires a lot of exercise yeah, so you got to bust that dog's ass during the day yeah, otherwise, he's gonna lose his mind in that little apartment. Right. That's right! Well, Brooke, my door is open, my dams are open. If you do watch this, that would be a very happy ending I would love to adopt your dog and I will compensate you for it. I know those that puppy probably cost you a pretty penny a purebred Doberman I will pay you for everything. You've spent on that dog fully reimburse you and you can rehab know that he's got a happy home here, so I hope you'll do the right thing here. You know I, don't know what she's gonna do with that dog or just get some help well either way. I, don't think the situation's good for that dog I mean how can she go on now, but it's so sad. You know it's I, don't know it's up anyway. Lot's of luck did lots of look Ian dating game, green shirt, guy Ian dating game. Let's do the green shirt guy than the Ian dating game to close it out green shirt guy. This was a really popular meme and I did I was like what the [ __ ] going on green shirt. Guy was trending. That's that green shirt guy! Oh, that what so I look it up, and here it is so. This maggot girl is interrupting some kind of public hearing, City huh, City hearing and protesting immigration. Oh no dude! You have to admit, even if you're a trump supporter there's something particularly trashy about wearing that hat. Yes, I mean look at this. Have you ever seen a trashy air image in your life? And you couldn't say all you want about Donald, Trump and think he's the greatest, but I have to tell you that read. Make America great again. Hat immediately hits the trash points up by fifty thirteen million views. I can't play the [ __ ] video [Music] I mean her outfit is enough respect our lodge, or we will deport you her shirts, look at her best by the way, by the way, I got to go back for a second cousin, her homey who's there protesting with her got a big slurp in his hand, and he won't put it down. He won't put it down he's chewing on something and he's got a [ __ ] big slurp from Chevron, and he will put it down. Oh stop. Rewarding start deporting it says, and so this homing, the greed sure as you'll see, starts cracking up and my god I mean that Chevron cup probably is what it is yeah. What's with the big thing, so the laughter I guess is what sealed him as their Twitter hero for the day, but we've got a whole write-up on him. So, let's, let's set the stage a little bit, we actually filmed some video give a little background of what was happening at that City Council meeting, here's a dude playing a banjo, and this is really like Parks and Recreation- come to life, isn't it. This was part of the same meeting, some homie and out overalls with a banjo and big beard, this really people's lives. What is going on there I think people that regularly go to town these halls. Yes, I think this is a slice of reality. Sweet that here's another one part of the same meeting, yeah he's a sweet guy. Is someone singing a couple of older? Ladies well, you would expect to see really hold. Are hippies [Music], clapping, offbeat right off the beat there's two one: I notice the clapping stuff I get the they didn't have too much time to reverse that. But anyway, this is the setting, and you know god bless them for participating democracy in action right there. These are the people that really make the decisions on the ground. So the couple that interrupted are a couple that are well known for doing: anti-immigration activism in Arizona and, first getting big slurps from Chevron. A coalition of churches wants a federal judge to order the groups to stay off their property. Oh wait, there's a whole thing here: the woman which is a right-wing extremist group, a patriot movement of Arizona she's, currently being sued by several groups. According to Arizona public media, a lawsuit was filed against them, alleging they threatening harass people who help migrants dropped off at churches by federal authorities. A coalition of churches wants a federal judge to order the group to stay off their property and keep a distance. That collusion includes the Southern Poverty Law Center. Do you have anything better to do these people work? No. This is this. Is their free time so what'd you do for fun, they're, probably trying to earn a buck from the [ __ ]. You know posted on YouTube. We've got to go, find Richard, get some exactly exactly patreon green shirt, guy Alex, kak, they're, part of their writer and comedian. He was interviewed by the news and had this to say it's an incredibly dark time and there's a lot of hateful rhetoric, but ultimately I think the majority of this country, regardless of their political affiliation, understands that the loudest voice is happening. Right now are kind of ridiculous and I think that that laughter is resonating, because I think that's kind of how people feel right now amen brother to the green shirt. Now I want to I have a question for backstage that was very quiet in here. So for our audience, was that not quiet so that video was panned hard to the right? For some reason there was no left channel, so we quickly panned it over to the other channel, so the audience should be able to hear it. Okay, how is there possibly an ant in my water yeah? There? You have it so that's it! Oh! No! No, that's not! It. I have some bonus. Some bonus videos adding on the school scooter. People are brazii. Okay, you guys are gonna like this. We did a story recently about how scooter scooter people lost their damn minds. Well, I've got a ad on here folks, on the top. It's a scooter person at a skate park and he's trying to hit this round and he [ __ ] flips homie. It's trying to hit a ramp. It's not that way. Isn't that a lady I think they're trying to take a shortcut, possibly cuz the ramp she's going up deep. It's really not that steep. But you know these scooters are not meant for and valid brutal. When I look to your doctor, she's got a bunch of [ __ ] in there basket, he's got a ton of fit in her basket that comes spilling out onto the floor and she really just eats [ __ ] man backwards for crazy dudes like when they all sound, they got a scooter and they think they can do anything exactly that's what I'm saying they think they got. This super power: now it's just a scooter, did that thing doesn't even have enough horsepower like as its limitations. She couldn't even hit like a 5 degree, incline without flipping backwards, and so that's bonus. Clip number one bonus clip number two coming at. You is a curse, Tik Tok that I saw. Apparently this ladies, has a account I, don't I think she's Indian. Why? Why? Because I think there's some cultural thing that I'm missing here and because she seems to have a heavy accent and something has clearly lost in translation here. Ok, you tell me what it is. [Music] come on, get my foot massage [Music], what a - [ __ ] just watch. So this one was got a bunch of is I, don't know, then what I did you're on your own on this one? No, that was [, __, ], weird, that's a curse for you did that that Twitter account 1.2 million everything about this I have a sprained girl, I need a massage, and then she looks at the camera, like god, I [Music]. Don't know why this woman's, like her daughter's, crying and [ __ ], was acting I know, but why does this character want a massage so bad on the bonus video stage? We have a happy happy ending. What does this stand? We actually just I didn't know that you had another scooter video. This was oh, we have another scooter, video Todd. Oh we have. We have a submission for Zach dad your dad sent this [ __ ] huh. It is also scooter related, although not a mobility scooter to be fair. This is one of the birds scooters a little violent, it's less violent than the other one. That's real, not as good donors. Good. You know. What's not as good and I'll tell you why? Well there's a thousand reasons why it's just I fell. It's not an epic fail. Yeah, it's not an epic fail. I mean there. You can't beat the mobility scooter flipping backwards in a skate park for sure you know, that's that's talking to your gate part and then her baskets full of [, __ ] and it's bells everywhere. Shouldn't have started with that. Yes, that was that was hard to beat that's a premium, but I mean that's it's good, Thank, You, Todd, Thank, You, Todd and finally, so I guess this is our fourth bonus. Video and you guys are really gonna love this one. This is not. This is just wholesome as it gets. You all know, I'm obsessed with this Turkish chef, Susan, says and I. Don't know seesee in this in Buraq, I call him Susan, Susan. Okay, we can calm, says him either goes. Why don't? Why doesn't he have English subtitles I says I'm the only person outside Turkey, that's washing him, but this videos, epic, is [ __ ] and by the way, just to show you how popular this guy's it is almost 5 million views on Instagram. But this video is epic [Music] yo, so subscribe, yeah dude his driving I'm, an Iron Man flies up to the window. He's actually driving and moving mask is down. He hands him a plate of food. The mask goes up and who was it food boy with a big smile waving helmet goes down. He flies off. You have to see it really. That's a great helmet, oh my god that helmets, badass yeah I, was like really elaborate he's what it starts with him, watching a video and be like I am so hungry, sh free podcasts. That was amazing, yeah [Laughter]! Well, we talked about it all we did it all. So are we gonna address our en applications? Oh no! We didn't do it all, but to say, although we could save that for Tuesday, oh, let's save it for Tuesday and if anyone's listening, who wants to add their application, we are gonna, be doing a ian dating game. Now. Let me just give you instructions, because some girls got cut because they're clearly just trying to promote their Instagram I will tell you. The girls are making it to the show itself. Are the ones to put in more effort the ones that are serious about actually wanting to go on a date with the in this is not a joke. I am not calling to promote. This is serious yeah if I sense that you are seriously interested in Ian that there could be possibly a true love connection. Then I want to see your resume. If you want to just show me cleavage and try to promote your Instagram, then I'm, sorry, but what but and for those reasons I'm out yeah. We have roses that were actually going to be handing out like bachelor style, so send in your applications to podcasts and h3h3 broker's com. If you want to be a part of that Ian or how are you feeling, you excited I think there might be a match for you. That was pretty excited for you. Don't use that ever again that drop I hate it. Why do you wait so much wait? What I need to pee, so bad I hate it too I'll tell you why, because it sounds like he was actually saying, but it's kind of become funny because he hates it so much. Can we have an executive order to delete this in this is way too funny because it bothers him so but wait so you and Zach are for it. What about then cuz then could be the no I'm a hundred percent with Ethan. If it didn't bother him I would say yeah no because- and why does it bother you so much because it's fake news, I'm, not yeah the side, can't tell that it's a sound I like it now at first, the first time I heard it I was like what the [ __ ] like. Why would that be on there, because I actually thought Ian said it exactly, but now that I know them now that I know the gaff they're gonna stay so bad, it must stay and it must be used more I'm. Good luck, bring it on bring a hammer in you. It's on the internet, dude, okay, but don't worry about that and we have got a great episode plan for you. Tuesday we're gonna, find you love we're gonna, we're gonna, be I'll, have a whole dating show, I think it was your idea in to name it the bachelor with h3 3 instead of E. Yes, exactly someone suggested that I can okay I got a piece, so I, don't Zack is loving. It you're gonna have to cut. This is like bowling come on Ian, it's good we're gonna, dude I! Have a feeling that we're gonna you could find something special I have a question for Zack. Yes, how is the relationship with your dad been rocky painted is Zach's, dad is helping us find our home and he's been feeding he's a realtor and he's been feeding us info about Zach, and then he crossed the line. I guess recently he provided some information to me to even me. I was like that seemed a little personal. The Lord he went in his bedroom, I took pictures and stuff and I was like whoa. I was like you know: I'm not gonna talk about this, but then I showed it to Zach. So I just want him to know that, because dad is a double agent, I mean I feel so bad crying. No, it was it was he was. He really I can't imagine my dad ever actually feeling sad about anything. He did to me to the point of crying: that's really sweet. He really cares about you. Yeah yeah I think he just wanted to be part of the show. You know he wanted to be in on the goose you know, and he was enjoying kind of being part of the narrative. I. Think he's excited for you, though, he's really happy for you, yeah of atad him talk he's at. He comes in he's a tall guy with a little Fupa and he was all tucked and really high high. So I said I was a Todd and talk like dad. Why are you wearing it up to your nipples today? It was legit like over his bellybutton not up to the neck, because he wants to hide his muffin top [Music]. When you tuck up to the bellybutton I'll talked in it doesn't hide, it accentuates I will be sure to toe. We all got eyes, there's no hiding and you're. My client I mean he'll. Leave the house sometimes is exactly don't look fat today. What would you got any dirt on your dad? You want to make even here and then I have to think about that yeah. We should vet this off yeah. We should better I, don't want to cause any further rifts in the family. I did already cost you break up with your girlfriend. No, no, no! No Bell asked about you. No! She didn't yeah I'm kidding. She asked if you could send her a job. Your spit how's, everyone else doing everything, good yeah, we're doing good we're doing real good back here. Did I. Take it too far with the political you guys, boy, how you guys support me on my political. You know. Maybe we should have peppered in the goofs a little bit more evenly throughout the episode, cuz uh, but that's what's kind of a dark episode. But but how can you go from like talking about shooting to like a scooter? Yeah, that's kind of true I. Don't see any other way to do it? You know it's fine. Sometimes you gotta face the facts. Yeah worlds of dark place, I got a piece. Well, let's see his face. Well, yeah he's in charge, huh yeah, it's not reciprocated! I have to make it up the end. Just kidding can I bring you roses, I'm, not giving you so good. No I didn't I, don't I'm sure we'll have to start calling in like a bit like and you have to pee Ian. Do you need to go bathroom I got a piece right. Well, that's about it! How are you scared? Oh we're doing good. How are you doing here? Fine, exhausting yeah, well you're, doing good I thought you were getting all the smiles this morning. I was getting smiles. I was doing this okay, he loves that and then I tried and started crying. What was that about? No he's mom team mom for sure did those pictures you guys posted it at the pool day picture of him and that swimsuit yeah pretty good, crazy. Yeah. No he's he's the man a little teddy, but I am ready to go enjoy my weekend as I'm sure. All of you are so with that I wish you a fond bon voyage until Tuesday, au revoir, au revoir, as the French say, au. As the Italian said, bye, sayonara really say: Ian's got to go to the bathroom, so we better wrap it up. Yeah, and can you hold it honest man? Why dude? We had a break literally piping of music just hold it. Alright, just hold it for another 30 seconds. We're almost done geez this silence back. There is definite have a great weekend, guys we'll see on Tuesday. Thank you. For the great week we had a terrific week here with the yang gang I'm yanking, all the way I I donated a hundred bucks. Nice I did it so generous. I know I'm feel like a [ __ ] Saint when I donated I was like I am I, am contributing nothing I'm so happy that I, you know, but I am the gang gang I. Think if there's any other nominees, maybe we could reach out try to get him on here. If Jo got Bernie I think we got a shot mmm, you think so, mom or I don't know percent shot. Let's say that more than zero well yeah I mean that yeah. Well, according to Neil deGrasse Tyson, you have a better shot of dying from the flu than getting burning, yeah yeah, all right. Let's wrap this [ __ ] up guys love! You appreciate. Justing on Tuesday have a great weekend stay blessed, stay blank and watch out for those bullets dude on whose date you gotta be [, __ ], dodging bullets like neo from the matrix. All right, we'll see you next week.