-, hey everybody good afternoon, happy podcast! It's your host, ethan klein, come to you very happy, happy and satisfied and tired. Your house - ethan klein here today. Today's sponsor sponsors are equip and hims. Thank you very much today is a special episode. I popped in just to you know, I wanted to keep everyone updated. I want to I want to tell the story when it's fresh in my mind and I, think it's a beautiful story and I want to have a tons of pictures of tons of videos and I want to just talk about this experience with you guys. Ela had the baby. Obviously he's happy he's healthy he's, beautiful EAL is a goddess. She just absolutely crushed childbirth. Her body is like a transformer. You know into like a this incredible baby. Yielding body like I got to be honest with you guys, I was worried that childbirth was gonna, be extremely hard on ela, because she's super thin and she's very petite. You know very small, very skinny, and so I wasn't sure how she was get that, but that baby out of there to be frank with you guys, I, wasn't sure how a baby was gonna get out of there but her. But she is a little transformer. Her body became this incredible supermom and it turns out. She is not only good at like her she's like has this ultimate body that the nurses and the doctors and everyone was like blown away by how well she's handled this like, for example, we so Ellis went into labor started going into labor on the 3rd or actually no started going to labor. On the at about 12 a.m. on the 4th. Theater was born on the 4th at 9 p.m. 902 p.m. so she was in labor for wait. It was the day before right, you're saying midnight the night before, and then the baby was delivered at 9:00 p.m. the following day. No, no! No! It was the same day, so she was in labor for for almost 24 hours, because right, 10, 11 12, so she was in labor for 19 hours. Yet that makes sense. So she she started having contractions around 12 o'clock on the 4th and they didn't go away. You know that's how you know that when you're in labor, when you have non-stop contractions and they just they, don't go away and there's there's very little frequent or duration between them, so she's like I'm having contractions non-stop non-stop non-stop, but she was actually she was handling the pain very well. So luckily, we were able to stay home for a long long time before because they say that you want to stay at home for as long as possible before you go to the hospital one reason being that hospitals often will turn women away because they're not far long enough in labor, let's say: go home and come back or they'll just make. You walk around the hospital for a long time until your labor progresses enough, and so we wanted to avoid that and they want to avoid that. So we stayed at home as long as you can and the rule is that you know if the pain is manageable and basically you feel that you can stay at home long enough. Then you should so that went on until about 5:00 a.m. I either fell asleep, okay and while she was in labor, she just drifted off and I was thinking like alright. Well, I was keeping an eye on her because I didn't want to fall asleep, but she fell asleep. She'd been asleep for like an hour to him. So I was like. Maybe it's you know. Maybe it's not happening. It was fine, so I I fall asleep too and then around 5:00 a.m. I feel like scratching on my head, I think like. Oh, he was giving me a header up or something. I was like: oh, how nice and I wake up and she's like she's. Looking at me, she's like she's, like Ethan, we gotta go I, think I'm, I, think I'm I think it's time you know like [, __ ], that's not a head, rub! That's how wake the [ __ ] up, you know and I've been getting a lot of those by the way in the past 24 hours, every time, I wake up. Now it's like a 10 on the chaos scale, the baby screaming or ela screaming. Hap. Always a 10 on the Cask out the only time, I wake up the only way I wake up now was like this, because you sleep so deep because I'm so sleep-deprived I have like three or four hours of sleep since he was born a night a day, and so now it's like the deepest sleep imaginable. I wait. Where was I so she's scratching on my head, it's 5:00 a.m. I'm like okay. Let's do this so I start gathering our things. You know putting everything together, putting it in the car or getting ready, I call my parents to come get shredder, who had a fantastic time. He was had the best time ever with his grandparents. God bless him, and so we're just chilling. I pack, everything up and we're chilling and II was able to wait until about another two hours, till 7 a.m. and she's. Like all right, you know, let's go drive the hospital we get to. You know the the baby and deliveries or whatever section of the hospital Kizer. By the way we did it with Kaiser and they were so amazing. I have to say, if there's anybody out there who is expecting or wants to have children I, don't know if Kaiser is a California thing or a national thing, but Kaiser Permanente is man. So good I was happy with every single aspect of their care, but anyway we get in we check in and they're. Basically, first they put her in a room to see how far along she is to see if they can admit her or not, and so they check her cervix, which is like the opening, like all the way up. The vagina and basically you go from 0 to like 10 centimeters is fully dilated and that's where the kind of the baby drops down from, and so they check it and she was 6 centimeters when she checked in which, if you know anything about baby yield, year/year ding yielding that's incredible. That's like she's, almost there and for a first-time birth. That's because, first time births can go like 24 48 36 hours. It could just be a grueling marathon, but she came in 6 centimeters, which was just incredible and then there's this other thing about, like a face. Twitch I guess is I, really don't understand it, but it's like there's some kind of blockage that needs to soften up, and so she was 90% of face out of a hundred. So she was like all the doctor was like this. Is your first child I can't believe it? You know. I cannot believe you're at 6 centimeters when you came in and she was so casual about. She was handling it so gracefully. You can see there's this crazy. They put. They put all these plugs on her and one measures the baby's heartbeat and then one measures her contractions, it's really cool and you can see it on the screen. You can see her contractions coming in waves and you can see how like intense they are, so you can kind of see it as she's feeling it and a pen and they and these when you're, six centimeters dilated. That's like a seven eight. You know nine on the pain scale for most women and they were like just floored by how well she was tolerating it. She wasn't screaming. She wasn't, you know even complaining. She was just silently I call her a silent suffer because she's such a champ. You know she doesn't complain she doesn't like to. He doesn't like to complain about anything she's sitting there. You know with these six centimeter contractions, not complaining, not screaming I'm a-gettin noise, the doctors like what is going on with this superhuman I said: you're silent, suffer I'm a I'm. A very loud suffer if I was switched places with you. Everybody in this hospital would know how much pain I'm in right now I just have a video of I've got a bunch of videos and pictures and stuff- oh I, guess I'm getting to the part with the first video here. So so we're in that room. There's there's two rooms that we were in the first. So anyway they saw she was super dilated until like oh yeah, you're admitted you're good, so we're in this kind of waiting room, which is a really small room with a bed and a bunch of machinery. But there's only enough room for, like you know me, ela and like two other doctors, it's really small, so she's laying down and I've got a little chair beside her, and we were in that room for from 8 a.m. till 7 p.m. so 11 hours that right, yeah, yeah, 11 hours and I gotta say like so. The doctors came in and and gave her the epidural about an hour to N and the epidural. Is this really crazy method? And it's dude I cannot endorse this enough. I mean it was just magnificent how much it helped her, but it's like a pain drip that goes right into your spine, and so they bring in an N enthusiast to say that right, probably so, yeah, maybe you guys know not, though, and they put a long-ass needle in her frickin spine directly endorse mine. We able to watch them do that. No they. They said that they preferred that the husband takes a walk during that, because they've had husbands like faint before yeah I know it sounds crazy and done so. I was like you know what I'm gonna go away and got like: they ever was a cafeteria on the bottom floor. I want got probably one of the worst sandwiches I've ever had. You know they say they joke about airport food and plane. Food I have to tell you hospital food is probably the apex of terrible cuisine. I have a picture actually of one of the meals we got. Let me pull it up. What since I'm on the topic? What do you guys think about this? Let me show you: this is egg bro. Why is there? No texture looks good. Why is there what with the funk whoa? Why is there note what the hell? Why is there? No texture? Do you see this yeah? It looks what the hell is, that it looks like a loaf cheese cake like bread. It looks like cheese, but it's just egg, but there's no freaking texture to it. It's the weirdest, [ __, ] I ever saw that's sausage on there. It shouldn't I, don't know I, okay. This is weird this. How it's working that's! It's is one of the most disgusting things. I ever saw and it tasted just as bad. It looks like marble, there's no texture, I, never I mean I was I, was impressed and disgusted both because I have never seen that technique before yeah it was off, it was yeah, so anyway, I'll get told all that good stuff in a second, so I took a walk, came back, but they gave her the epidural and then what it does. It's actually really cool because it completely numbs you pretty much from like the stomach down and because it plugs into your spine, it doesn't affect the baby. It never goes into your bloodstream, so I, don't know why a lot of people like not to get the epidural and I'm not sure I, fully understand why I think there's a lot of myths that taking the epidural can make the labor process take longer heard that and don't people have fears like you just said that it'll affect the baby. So even though it doesn't affect it, doesn't it doesn't go in the bloodstream, so it doesn't even go in the baby's body. So I guess the fear is that it can make labor longer. You know I asked my doctor about that, and he said well, that's not really true, because the epidural makes you so much more calm. It pretty much cancels out any delay in labor that the numbness would cause because the labor progresses along so much faster when you're at when you're, calm and relaxed that the baby is able to drop down and come out. But when you're tense up- and you get super stressed that process that slows down the process too. So he thinks it's a wash. It doesn't really slow it down in his opinion, but regardless I would much much rather ela be comfortable than and it'd take longer. You know, and- and it did because, right before she got the epidural, her contractions were getting more severe and she was like she was very you know a an absolute champion about it, but she started from being like kind of agnostic about it. Where, when the current, when the contractions would come, she would like sit up and she couldn't talk. You know she'd be like like a nurse would be in there talking to her and she would be like she won't be able to talk. You know you could just tell that [ __ ] hurts so bad and once she got the epidural, she was like able to sleep. She dinner I could see these crazy contractions on this chart and I, and she barely felt it and I could tell these [ __ ] were huge, like super. Intense I cannot imagine doing that process without the epidural. That would be. That would be unimaginably stressful and so so difficult so I mean I I highly endorsed that federal. But you know, obviously everybody does what they think is best. You know so, whatever not. Judging how people give birth you know, but it was good for us. It works for us. The other crazy thing is they had to give her a catheter because she's so numb she can't use her bladder and that ela said that was the worst part was giving her putting the catheter and they put the epidural in, and then they do the catheter right afterwards, but they don't really give the epidural enough time to come into a fact, because over the course of an hour she became more and more numb, but the catheter was put in immediately afterwards. So if you go through the same thing, I would recommend tell them to give you an hour come back in an hour and then give me the catheter. A catheter is a tube that they jam up your urinary tract into your bladder and it's not a thin tube either. Let me tell you: I was shocked. This tube was like [ __ ] fat bro. It was a huge [, __ ] tube I was like dude man, I've had friends who have had catheters up their dick hole. That sounds yeah no anything, but that but I was also cool because she didn't have her. You know the 15 hours. We were, you know she had it in her. She didn't she didn't have to pee. I was like that's amazing kind of I hate pain. It's like my least favorite thing in the world, so just shove, a tube up there and you're goldie Hawn's baby. So let me see I've got all kinds of photos of her, so here's after the birth- this is her horses. Oh, let's see these are all after the birth yeah I could have organized it better. This better, but come on ain't good I got no time. This is all the time I got is right. Here, I tried to work on this more to like organize it, and it was like like what little work I put and I was able to put into this. Well there's really no work to do other than like organizing all the photos and videos better, but either was sleeping and I had Theodore in my lap, and he was up current all night, so he was sleeping and it was just such a relief. So he was on my lap on my chest and so the most I could do is I. Had my phone in one hand, you know I wanted to work on my computer on this, so it was really hard to organize these photos and videos on a phone, but the most I could do was like one thumb on the phone. Well, Theodore slept on my sweet little guy, a treasured soul, all right. What? Where am I? What am I talking about trying to find some pictures from? Oh yeah, rebirth? Thank you dan! Thank you! So much god bless you so I'm a there's. A video here of super mom gets her epidural catheter nation. So let's do super. Mom gets her epidural Ike these titles, yeah Here I, am a super mom absolute. So this is right after she got her epidural and they have the oxy oxygen mask on her because I guess, Theodore's heart rate was getting kind of erratic, so they put oxygen. I think her breathing was um was strained for a little bit because she was still feeling pain and she was in so much discomfort from the catheter and the epidural at first that her breathing was strained. So you could actually see the baby's heart rate becoming erratic because he wasn't getting enough oxygen, so they put the mask on her to make sure the baby is getting enough oxygen, but it was I mean it wasn't like an emergency or scary. Anything it was just was all standard procedure, so we weren't worried or anything like my hero, dude. The nurse said that they've never seen anybody so calm at this stage. I've never seen anyone this calm, because she, when she came in she was five centimeters dilated and she said the nurse said, and most people are usually screaming and pained by them. But Eva was just chilling here, like it ain't no thing this is super, but now we got her and the. What do you call it? Epidural epidural, you know got that accident oxygen mask, going, keep it fresh in there how's it smell in there. Not great really sure can I get a hit of that. Can I get that good oxygen buddy, but she's, crushing it. It's unbelievable. I mean the first time baby's supposed to be like 48 hours, Oh I've been here three hours and the nurses are saying that she's almost ready to go she's like fully dilated. Your are [ __, ] supermom of legend and my hero, dude yeah. It is true, she's my hero after going to like I'm getting there I guess I'm getting there, but you know when she actually went into the labor and room. So once you're like fully dilated and the doctor thinks it's time to deliver, they take you to another room, a much bigger room with everything for delivering a baby with the tools and the machines, and then there's like a little baby warmer station with lights and stuff for when the baby's born and I thought, I didn't I wasn't sure what to expect. You know, because me Neil we're having this debate of like oh well, should I be, should I be, should I look or should I, not look at what's going on. You know, I thought there would be like a separation like I'd, be able to be with ela or I'd, be able to look on the doctors side, but I thought so dude I. They threw me in the freakin trenches, bro cuz elos, on the table, and there was two other nurses there and they're like they're like dad. You got to grab one of the legs, and so they removed that choice for me and it's fine by the way, because I was happy to be involved and but I mean it was crazy because I saw every [, __ ] thing and I mean everything, but those details are coming next I'm getting ahead of myself, but boy I was [, __ ], it was crazy. I saw literally everything, okay, damn where was I, so super mom, she's amazing. She really is she handled this whole thing. So, incredibly, we were just chilling in that room for, like hella long watching, Judge Judy, dr. Phil I've, never watched either. Those shows to be honest with you and they were quite good. They were quite good judy crushes it judge. Judy's she's been doing this a long time yeah she doesn't take [ __ ], that's Judge Judy. You know how much she's worth her show is like so syndicated, but take you guys take a guess without looking how much is judged. You too were Judge Judy, her personally yeah I mean probably go ahead: I'm gonna, guess 40 mil, okay, anyone else in and Zach I know she gets paid a lot. She's gotta head, Zach, I'm, gonna, say 200 million. All righty I have no idea, make a guess, play the game. 250 she's worth 420 million, making her one of the richest judges in the world, no [, __, ] I. Don't think judges are supposed to make that much money. It's named another wealthy judge, all [, __, ], judge, Jeff, Jeff I hear my job just does pretty well yeah. That's he's the highest-paid judge and actually he's probably nowhere close to her and well they're. Probably not actually did I would be scared to know of another judge making more money than her and why yeah? Well, she got. She has so many reruns yeah, exactly she's syndicated like every [ __ ] country, like everybody, cannot get enough of Judge Judy she's such a [ __ ], though she's like just like there. She always does this for one person's, like your honor shut up, I'm talkin. Oh you still say baloney all the time I haven't watched her in years. I guess I'm not versed to know she. That was like her catchphrase for a while there, but it's just like small claims court nothing's at stake. Yeah the show pays the payouts. That's right. It shows work yeah, but it's legally binding! Well, okay, so anyway, dr. Phil is a strange show to you guys. Like did you know he walks off with his wife at the end of every episode that tripped me out, we were his wife is in the audience in every episode and then they join hands and walk offstage together. That's [, __ ], weird man is super. Weird yeah I was like who's that lady every episode, every episode, and that seems like a bizarre detail that I nobody ever brings that up. That's the first I've ever heard join hands and they walk offstage he's another guy. He's got a lot of money, Phil I, don't think those as rich as Judy dr. Phil indication doctor Oh, 400 million you rich [ __ ] holy God. His feet looks like a chipmunk kind of to be honest with y'all look at his face. It's got a face: huh yeah entertaining stuff yeah. So that was good. That past the time either was able to sleep with the epidural I slept for a little bit. It was great that that was when my slept up. Revision started because I went to bed at like 3:00 woke up at 5:00 and I slept maybe an hour in that room by the time. The time passed fast. Honestly, like we were comfortable, you know either was comfortable. That's all I cared about. She was like in a good affair. I mean it's good of a mood as you can be. I mean you saw her, she was act like she wasn't incredibly good feeling yeah. So the fact that she was comfortable and not in pain was such a relief to me. I was just I was happy. You know everything was going great, so that went on that one on until okay, so I'm getting to this point now so that went on until about 7:00 p.m. and that's when the doctor came in and checked her, you know cervix and was like you're fully dilated you're ready to go her water hadn't broken yet, which is unusual at this point, so they were discussing. Maybe we should make the water break where they puncture it, but then the Midwife was like: let's keep the water intact and we'll just go into labor and let it do its thing. So we go into the delivery room. Actually here, I have another video about the delivery room. I'll show it to you guys, because it's pretty crazy. This is Oh catheter nation. We didn't watch that one. What is this? One I still don't understand that yeah yeah, it's surreal. It's absolutely [ __ ] insane and when you either started going into like contractions at like 1:00 a.m. last night right now, it's like 11:00 and we came to the hospital we got arrived about. 8 a.m. and I was like oh [, __ ], dude I got so anxious, cuz, it's just like you're waiting and waiting waiting and then, but so far it's been great and it was just absolutely crap. I mean she's, just you're, just amazing dude you're, my hero I, was saying it was like a silent suffer if I was on this Minnesota right now, just scream I would be making. Everybody know that I'm suffering Betty Lee's a trooper she's, a silent, sufferer shut up -. All the silent sufferers up there, true yeah she's doing amazing she's got like Ivy got. The she's got a catheter, oh yeah, so on the bottom there, and then that way, it's really cool. So this is the baby's heart rate and then on the bottom is the I? Don't know how the hell they track the contractions it's so interesting, but like so you can see. These are pretty intense, but then, by the end they were going so intense that the line was flattening out at the top, and so she was she was starting to feel it then, but still not in pain. She was just like I can feel that I'm having a strong contraction but like at this point she was writhing pretty much writhing in pain and I mean that attitude I cannot imagine going through that experience without the epidural. Really, though the contractions, so you see those big-ass Peaks there that's every time the ELA goes into like a contraction which is like a eight or nine on the pain scale, [, __, ], crazy and that's the baby's heartbeat. You can kind of hear it going put such a legend. She is the legend all right, Theodora, we'll see you soon, no Punk yeah, it's so weird everything happened, so fast kind of you know it's still. It's only been three days he's three days old tonight at nine and it's just but a boarder. It takes a minute kind of I. Think it's gonna. Take me a couple weeks to really appreciate what actually is going on here. So, at any rate, let's take a quick break here and we'll get into the actual labor part of this video. So don't go away, guys we'll be right back clip electric toothbrush is the toothbrush that will elevate your brushing to the next pinnacle the apex of oral hygiene. It is a beautiful vibrating tube with the softest bristles in the game fastened to the front of it. It starts at just 25 bucks and you were gonna, get the quality of brush that you will find on a $200 bs electric toothbrush that has a battery pack. The size of my add clips got the softest bristles in the game. It's so gentle and light. It is beautiful on my gums, I'm obsessed with soft bristle heads they've got that covered it vibrates. It's got a beautiful pulsating vibrating here, and the best part is that it times out your brushing and it pulsates to tell you when it's time to switch to the other side so that you get a beautiful, perfect brush every time you brush okay and when it's time to switch it out, they'll, send you a a the top you pop off the top you pop it back on boom. It's a refill kit, I, love, quick, because this is the best toothbrush pound for pound. The game has ever seen as take it from me. Someone who loves brushing their teeth. This is the one you've got to try. So it's why I love quip and it's why over 1 million healthy, beautiful mouths do as well starts at just $25. If you go to get quit, dot-com slush age 3 right now, and you get your first refill pack for free, that's the top, the toothpaste for free baby. Let's do this! Let's keep that mouth beautiful and clean. That's your first refill pack for free at GE t qu, I p.com /h 3 hymns is a wellness brand for men and you've heard us talking about him and how they're helping guys look their best. You haven't yet it's time to see what they're all about here's, what we're dealing with 66% of men start losing the hair by age, 35 and once you've noticed thinning hair. It can be too late. Is that hair line slowly starting to move backwards are any bald spots appearing yet the best way to prevent more hair loss is to do something about it. While you have the same freaking hair, it's time to get a handle on those precious beautiful locks come on, will you get it I ask you: do you want a bald spot to pop up in your hair or your hairline to recede? Or do you want to do something about it? First? Well, why do you guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when you could turn to medicine and science for hems comm? It's a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for men, thanks to science, baldness is now optional. Hems is helping guys be the best version of themselves with licensed physicians and fda-approved products to help treat their hair loss. This is not snake oil or gas station counter supplements. No. This is prescription solutions backed by science. People with a capital, S hims was created by a guy who knows some men's health. Conversions are easier online than in person because you don't have to go to awkward and person. Doctor visit or a long pharmacy line for hems connects you with real doctors online, which could save you hours and hundreds of dollars. It's completely confidential and discreet so order. Now my listeners can get started with hims, complete hair kit for just $5 two day right out, while supplies last and subject to doctor's approval, see the website for full details and safety information. This could cost hundreds if you went to a doctor or pharmacy elsewhere. So let's keep those beautiful locks in your head. Huh come on whoo. You cannot forget about it, so go to for hanscom's, /h 3. That's f! O r h, IM s, calm, /, h, 3, 4, hams, calm, /, h, 3, welcome back! So here we are in the delivery room. So when she was ready to go, they moved us to this bigger room, the delivery room and here's a little video to show you kind of what it looks like. Ok here we go we're in the delivery room 11th hour. Ela is fully dilated 100% there's a little baby head. I started getting a little emotional at this point because when they put bring your ass in the delivery room, [ __ ] gets real because they're setting up like instruments and there's a little baby warmer there- and you know the thought of going into labor- is scary to anyone and I think that ela, the silent sufferer, was just kind of overwhelmed in this army, not over well but she's emotional. It's like here, we go. It's [, __, ], scary I mean -. You know, childbirth is a serious, serious, [ __ ] back in the day before modern science like women and children used to regularly die and childbirth. Because you know it's it's a lot. It's holy. Can go wrong yeah, even when it goes right. It's a lot right! Yeah, you know, there's a lot of bleeding. There's cutting the way that the baby comes out is totally crazy. There's the placenta that comes out there's just there's. It's just I mean it's crazy, dude, it's a crazy, crazy thing! I, don't know how nature ever came, how the [ __ ] that nature come to the point where labor was like giving birth with something that could kill people. You know what I mean like how what the hell kind of way to evolve is that Oh humans are particularly terrible at it right. Yes, because our intelligence, I guess the baby and the mom requires so much care and protection like the bait, like a human baby, is helpless for so long of its life compared to other animals who can like you know, fend for itself after, like months or maybe one year in a extreme case where, as the human babies like you know, in a nature setting what fifteen it's. You know, sixteen seventeen eighteen, it's the intelligence, because all of the energy goes to the brain and so to develop that the baby requires a lot of protection. So it's kind of a trade-off. Luckily we have dominated this planet. We are the ultimate species, and so that's not a problem anymore, but back in the day, it was definitely a big trade-off, but anyway, ILA's really she's, just getting emotional understandably, but she's handling it. Just so gracefully I mean she's such a legend, dude she's seriously such a legend and did what women go through to give us. Children is once you've seen it up close. You got a and then well even after she gives birth. She's got to do the breast feeding, which is honestly at times even more challenging and stressful, especially at first it's I've heard from a lot of women. Ela had trouble with the two which I'll get into, but breast feeding is a whole nother like stressful step, I think the breast feeding itself was more stressful in in many ways for ela the first two days, then the pregnancy itself, because being pregnant is in a way is easy. In that you don't have to do anything, it just happens, and then you can only take there's almost an inevitability right, but breastfeeding is like. If the baby doesn't latch, you can feel like a failure. If the baby is not feeding well, if the baby is crying, it's like you have to do something about. You have to figure it out, but pregnancy doesn't require anything to really figure out you just kind of do it so in a way, I think that figuring out [, __ ] can be more stressful and challenging mentally and painful to breast feeding is extremely painful at first anyway, she's the best. So here we go, they always go. Oh yeah I just put my hand in and I tickled his head they're always talking about how they push his head yeah. Every time they put, they would check her cervix to see how dilated is there like I can feel his head in there I was like what you know his [ __ ] head is right. There you can see her huge pregnant belly was starting to drop. So she had all this soft empty space at the top was crazy and there's a cute little baby warmer here, yep, here's all the gadgets and everything, but he looks like continuing to be I- was calling her Xena she's, because she's a warrior princess anyone, Xena princess warrior princess, oh yeah right got a dick ulis and then here look do you door, so it's just a quick little update, but any any words before showtime. Of course, it's the big deal and I was noticing how all the nurses around here, it's so routine for them and so extraordinary for us yeah. They delivered three other babies already today, it's just like poo, poo, poo poo. It's amazing there's just such a strange job. They have okay. Well, we'll see you guys next time with the baby, okay, and so also. This is like the end of a super long day, the anticipation of this moment, and so when it finally comes to be there's a lot of excitement and nervousness and emotions. So anyway, she's here the nurse comes in at about I'll, say 8:00, and then we start pushing you know. It's just hurt the the midwife a nurse, and it was just me in there and there and the Midwife was like go ahead and grab your wife's leg. The nurses are gonna, grab the other one and I'm gonna. You know you know hut hut, hike whatever I'm gonna be quarterback, so I didn't have a choice because me neither kept talking like I'm gonna either. You know ela didn't want me to look. She really didn't even want me to see what was going on down there. So I thought I was just gonna, be by her. You know like okay, you got you know. No I was in that [ __ ], so I had her leg and the nurse I was like and I mean I. Can see everything now, let me say this first of all, because first I mean for me: it wasn't that bad and that, like I've seen, it was like passing out and gagging I mean everyone's different, but for me, I thought I was glad. I got to see it because it was, it was a, it was crazy, I mean ela was the one experiencing it. So the least I could do, is [, __ ], see it, but, and so anyway, I was holding her leg up. So when she pushed basically I was bracing her leg like the other nurse, but these nurses are so amazing, they're, they're, incredible they're like so encouraging. So when she pushes it's it's so hard, it's so tough like when she was pushing I felt like I was pushing because it's like posh, so you time it with the contractions. And so it's like you wait, wait and then, when you see a contractions coming, the nurse is like all right. Posh come on one more, you got it, it's like they make her push for 10 seconds, so it's like one. One nurse counts to ten, and then the others like you got it, come on push and I'm holding it. I'm like I'm, pushing it's intense, dude she's got her leg, she's hope she's bracing her legs, like you, know this and she's pushing and like it's about that, goes on for about an hour, and so eventually, oh so her water broke by the way when she started pushing and it was [ __ ] crazy. It was like I have a movie like there. Nurse was sitting there and she got like it was splash zone it came like was wild, you don't some things are like they are in the movies and some things art I mean in this case it was like a splash zone. It was a crazy thing, I mean we were all laughing cuz, it was, it was wild. The mood was fantastic in there, though, because the nurses were just so upbeat and caring and positive and encouraging it was almost smiles. You know up until the last moment, which was like [, __, ], intense, so she's pushing she's, pushing and then all of a sudden. You could first of all see ass attitude, so it was [, __, ], crazy, so the nurse she was pushing and the nurse I mean it's huge. Like again, it's not like the vagina is being blasted open, like the body is expanding itself. That's what all these muscle contractions are is that it's dilating it by 10 centimeters, which is a lot so the opening gets quite quite enlarged and the nurse is she's like jamming her whole hand in there and like so. The baby's head is starting to come out and the nurse is like kind of making space and they're pouring like bottles of Lube in there to prevent, tearing I, guess lacerations, and so they keep pouring like mint, like bottles of mineral oil over the baby's head and the baby starts coming out, and you can see the tip of his head he's got a hairy. He's got a lot of black like jet-black hair, and the top of his head looks like a freaking. Meatball like it looks like a meatball I was thinking in my head, like I'm gonna call him meatball I've been calling him meatballs like don't tell him why I could tell him that call him that, but his head looked like a damn: matzo ball with black hair. It was crazy. I was like whoa, so she's pushing and his head is coming out more and more and more and eventually she's pushing over the course of an hour, pushing pushing pushing and then once basically she's pushing so hard, and so for so long. You can tell it's such difficult work and eventually the head is just there's a point where the head is really just crowning. How you know it's just the tip, so she calls in all the doctors she calls in like a pediatrician. She calls in a lung doctor. She calls on all these doctors too. So when the baby's born, they immediately put him on the little baby thing and check his vitals and make sure he's healthy and everything. So, all of a sudden right before it happens, there's like five more people to come in the room. It was like a ton of people there. So it's like push push push, push push push push. First, you know, push push, push, push, push push push she's, killing herself she's, just trying so hard, and it feels like it's not happening, but the nurses are super encouraging and it's just like push push push push push and then the Midwife is like I might have to make a cut, there's an episiotomy. They call it when they cut the vagina open a little wider to calm it, but she's like I'm gonna. Try not to do that and so in the end she didn't have to do it because eel is such a warrior. So the head pops out completely. They pull the head out. I guess the the hardest part is clearing the head past, like the pelvic bone. Once you do that it's home, it's basically just pops right out, so she clears the head out, and this to me was the craziest moment and I didn't see it because she, you know I was I. Had the front-row seat, he look couldn't see anything the head pops out and he's huge by the way he's 9 pounds he's [, __, ] enormous and when I, when I saw him that my first thought was how the [ __ ] did. That thing come out of her he's huge he's tall I mean he's tall, you know and his shoulders were so broad I think more broad than most babies, because when, when the Midwife pulled him out, his shoulders actually did end up shredder come give me a break huh who you kidding what come on he's wrong good boy, so his shoulders did end up tearing her and she did have to get stitches, but it seems minor. You know the stitches dissolve and she doesn't need to do any [Music] special anything for it. So it's fine, but so the head is popped out. All you see is the head, and so what what the Midwife does is? She puts her hand on either side of the head and she literally just pulls him out. She like pulls and Swiss sym out and his body shredder you ruining helmet. So she pulls the body out by the head, so she puts either hands on the side of the head and she's gotta yank pretty hard cuz. His body stretches like a piece of gum um. It was so crazy. This was the craziest thing. I saw the whole day. She pulls his whole [ __, ] body out stretches his head and his neck is just being it looks like in the bay he looks like she's, gonna, kill him, but I mean that's the way. It's done, that's how they do it ever with every baby cuz his neck is just so. She took him out. He came out this huge [, __, ], baby and the umbilical cord is crazy. I didn't expect it. It's huge gnarly. Looking thing, it's like a huge tube with all of these crazy veins and [ __ ], and they take the baby and they immediately give it to ela. So she can see and ela standards. They put him on ela she's, crying in hysterical and he just starts peeing everywhere, and so we all started laughing cuz me neither were looking at each other and laughing, because Theodore was literally peeing everywhere. All right shredder are you kidding shredder and she's, just I'm hysterical, I'm looking at ela, because I'm just worried about her but she's, crying she's, happy she's, hysterical, I'm starting I'm, tearing I'm looking it's just waterworks, I'm crying I'm laughing I'm smiling I'm worried at all at the same time, so they get, they put the baby on ela. They clamped the umbilical cord ela sitting there with the baby. You know he he immediately latched on to her breasts, which was amazing and they clamped the umbilical cord. They having me cut it I'm taking pictures here. I've got a bunch of pictures. I'll show you after this description and then they bring him over to that little baby station. You saw on there checking of his vitals and he's crying. You know he's going ballistic, he doesn't know. What's going on hold on one sec, you know you can only imagine how traumatic traumatic, no wonder, we're all [ __ ] up the moment of Inception in this earth is the most traumatic thing ever you come out of this warm safe place and it's just there's bright lights. I could see him trying to open his eyes and there's this really bright light on him, so the doctors can see, but I can see like. Ah, the light was just [, __ ] his eyes up, you know and I can see that he doesn't like bright lights still from I. Don't know, I just really recall his eyes and just being blinded, and so they cut the umbilical cord. They clamp it they're checking him there. You know wiping him off. Cuz he's covered in blood and whatever embryonic fluid, which his lungs are full of embryonic fluid for the first several hours to which so he's caught always caught he's kind of like drowning in a way, almost in his own logs and coughing up all this fluid and then they they give the baby back to ela. Once he's all clean and checked out and he's healthy, thank god you're so worried. You know, I just I was following the Jimmy Kimmel thing, because he recently had a son who came out with like this terrible heart disease and they have to immediately perform open-heart surgery on a newborn, baby, Wow, and so you know, there's just there's a million things going through your head and most of all, you're just praying for everyone to be healthy and fine, and he was, and I was just very relieved when they're like he's fine, everyone's fine, he was fine the mid work. The Midwife is meanwhile stitching up EULA, oh yeah. There was actually before that she delivered the placenta. So what's left of the umbilical cord, she pulled it's connected to the placenta and it's [ __ ] huge she's, pulling the biblical cord out of her vagina and then attached to it. Comes this huge placenta, dude it I mean it is an organ literally, but it looks like an organ. It looks like aw, you know if you just took out my liver or heart or something it just looks like an organ. It's just been pulled out of her vagina. It was this huge crazy-looking thing anyway, so they're stitching her up and the baby's fine and they give her the baby and she's just she's, crying like tears of joy, like I, mean just unbelievable and I'm, not I'm, not a picture taker that by any means I have no almost no pictures of anything but and I've been taking a lot of pictures and it's been I've been loving, love, love, loving it taking the photos. Of course, I closed the document with the photos. So let me open it, but I just started snapping photos because I thought man I got a I need you need anything, need photos of this and I just I. Look at them all the time now, like they're, just they're amazing. Let me open this up, so the pictures kind of tell the story here so so this was basically right. After I mean he was all. These pictures are immediately after birth that I'm about to show you I mean like one or two minutes after he he came into this world, and so this is after they clipped the cord. You can see they have it clamped here and they brought him over and weighed him. So so this is like I mean a minute after he was born. You can see his weight. Why is it doing that? It's distorting the photo I try to zoom in yeah, so there he is he's just the newborn baby, they're, so [, __, ], fragile and they're, so scared and and pain and suffering and confused. But it's just surreal to see this little guy. So here she is so this is. This is before that photo. Actually, this is literally the second after and these photos are so powerful. In my opinion, those tears of joy and the expression on her face with the baby. There I mean it's just it's like all inspiring. You know he's got a little beanie on. He was just like what the [ __ ], so this is after they wait. I'm on the other side now and I can see his face. I feel like he's already grown in three days. I know it's weird, but he already looks different. He already looks more like human yeah. Just look at this I mean it says it all. For me, this is like such a powerful photo, I mean God, the photo could say: I can say more than words right. This is the one I posted and dude. Can you can we appreciate how beautiful Allah is? This is directly after giving birth and Theodore's hand. All of his limbs are blue because the blood goes to like the vital organs so as his hands and his legs aren't being oxygenated yet so they look like blue and lifeless, but they get colors very shortly. I mean dude, Allah is killing it. Look at this Xena Warrior Princess over here such amazing, so amazing. So this kind of give you a longer view of what's going on here. She was attempting to breastfeed, and actually he latched right on, which was amazing. It's incredible. The instincts like I mean he's just born and he knows to suck something in this was this was when we were moved to so once you're done with delivery and everything's good. After about two hours, they moved us to basically just a room, a hospital room where you can be with the baby. We were in this room for two days breastfeeding and the doctors were coming and checking his vitals, and you know all the all the doctor [ __ ]- and this was the first night he's got okay, you know they put a LoJack, they put a tracking device on newborn baby's legs so that no one else can remove the baby. But you it's good, but I was like what the hell you know. The baby war is so well protected, like the doors are locked and sealed and they have to buzz you in it's like a jewelry store. You know, I, don't know who these [ __ ] psychos are stealing babies, but apparently enough babies were stolen or mixed up. You know you hear [ __ ], like that yeah I've heard the stories, so so actually, what was so awesome about kaiser is that the baby never ever leaves your your side. The baby is with you at all times. They never ever take it away from you so like in the delivery room. The station is there and then in the hospital room, there's a what do you call it Adam anyway, there's a little baby bed there and you're with the baby all the time and it's great I love that so this is the critter yeah he's it's funny, because he's I feel like he's already, looking more he's already looking different, it's really something! There's this that day, one like the fresh out out of the womb baby is just so frail and so delicate and even in a short two days, he's already kind of like his skin is is warmer and his features are more defined and it's crazy. This is so cute. This I think was probably oh, my god, isn't he so cute? So you can see this is kind of what I'm talking about this was like more before we went home and you can see his face is kind of already like shape and up a little bit God. He saw his face he's just such a precious little guy. Look at that. Give me a break on who you kiddin, who you kid, not look at this so cute. This is in the hospital room and when he sleeps it's like the best thing ever he's just so sweet and you feel so proud because he's just crying and you're checking his diaper and you're, trying to burp him or he's hungry you're trying to breastfeed, but when he falls asleep. It's like you did everything right. You know it's like a puzzle, every time he cries, and so when he falls asleep, it's like level completed, but also he's just so sweet, and you know you can really enjoy the moment of like having the baby, because you're not all stressed out trying to figure out what what he what he needs. It's just it's amazing like last night, he slept with me for four hours and it's just like the sweetest thing. He loves it. You know it's funny, how I see it because we would take ultrasounds of Theodore and he had his hand by his head in the ultrasounds, and we noticed that he loves putting his hand by his head now and it comforts it huh. But really they love being wrapped up tight because in the womb, they're they're so tight up in there, and it's just funny because we, even as adults, love being wrapped up or being tucked in or you know, having weighted blankets and it you can see it's just. It all goes back to the [ __ ] womb, dude cuz Theodore, like when he, when I'm trying to comfort him, he loves when I, take his arms in his hands and just like press it press it against his body and kind of just Nussle him. You know, but with newborns you do this thing where you wrap the blanket tightly around them, so they feel like they're in the womb. You know they love that. But when he's sleeping it's just that's the sweetest thing ever so amazing. This is ela, loving that he's sleeping. Why is this one not loaded cute cute, cute cute! Look it so this is what I'm talking about the bassinet is what is called cute s. This was my proud dad moment where ela needed to sleep and I was staying up and watching Theodore and I got him to sleep, and this was my proud dad moment with both of them sleeping for the first time. Little do you know that he started crying hysterically 1 minute later, but the picture itself doesn't matter exactly I got the picture, and then this was the cutest [ __ ] ever yeah. So they say the baby's not supposed to sleep with you, because if you fall asleep and he rolls over, it can be dangerous to the baby. But I was staying up with them. So I said, go to sleep and I'll watch and make sure he's fine, so either was able to fall asleep with Theodore and cuddle with him and which you're not supposed to do, but I was washing, so I was fine and it was just the sweetest [ __ ] ever like they fell asleep like this was so [ __ ] amazing. Look at this [ __ ] I was just oh, my God. Look at him with his little hand like I'm, gonna, beanie his little hand, [, __, ], so amazing, this picture so freakin kid look at her shoulder what's going on here. It's just an angle good! So look at this I love the two of them like that. So cute, it's hard. Why did I take the photos lengthwise with my stupid um, it's hard to imagine the hope that he's just sleeping in her arms and it's just it's just ridiculous, come on who you kiddin uh forget about it raw he's, the Ross of the raw is yeah. I took a lot of pictures of this. I was just loving. Look at this come on, come on he's like a little giver and Hebrew Gever means, guy so I, say the Lord ever and he, but you could say, like hey, give her what a guy like it means the same thing in English. What a guy you know like! So he's a giver his little arm. Oh so then this was the breakfast I was just like what [ __, ] and ela had this unbelievable craving for meat and the hospital food was so bad. There was a McDonald's really close to the hospital ela ate a [ __ ] quarter, pounder with cheese three days in a row whoa what I was like McDonald's. She she wanted McDonald's, that's all she wanted. That is very out of character. She briefs noted a quarter-pound she's craving meat. I, don't know she wants me to cook steak tonight, so she's low in iron, the doctor yeah it's kind of a weird, an interesting thing that her body is at the same time. Craving me I can't get over this thing. That's truly nasty I wouldn't have ever guessed that that was eggs, I didn't either until I tasted it because I picked it up. It's super heavy and I'm man. It's like a brick of egg okay. So so then the other question was like how did shredder do so? That's kind of the next part, the epilogue of the story, if you will so I captured. Let me find this video, so we watched this one. Oh there's the this kind of just to show you. They gave him a bath of warm water. This was his first bath and only bath probably bathe him tonight, [Music] nice and warm nice and warm his lip Twitter's when he gets really. Oh, it's just like poor guy, but he chills right away once he's comfortable, he can go from like a hundred to zero like instantly right, yeah, pretty much it's hard. The thing about like raising a newborn baby I think that's important to remember it's not to panic, because just because he's a sterically crying, don't let it! You know panic you! You got to take your time sometimes and and do the job right, because just because he's panicking and going hysterical doesn't mean that he's not fine and the moment you get him wrapped up and finished. He's like perfectly happy again. So he's only got that one note right, you know well he's done. He has it he's got like a differs, a there's, a scale. It's a stay! Love yeah, there's a scale of hysteria for sure that that's like maxed out what you just saw right, so we've got shredder meets Theodore, so we long suspected that shredder knew he Louis pregnant because, as she was progressing through pregnancy, he became more and more defensive over at times even barking. At me, when I would approach the bed at night, you know yeah. So here we go here. He is meeting Theodore for the first time, [Music] right. He hadn't seen her in a few days. At this point man yeah he was with my parents for two days. We literally just got home so so he was very eager, say I and here actually here's a part two here. My mom, of course, didn't push the record button as I expected perfect. Oh that's! The cutest, [ __ ] I've ever seen. [Laughter] dogs are so good with babies dude, so okay. This was his first moment when he was super excited. But let me show you these photos because he has been so sweet like he has not left the baby side since, since we got home and when Theodore cries like he gets so worried and he just wants to help and he starts like licking his feet and stuff like like, for example, this is how he was laying last night yeah, that's he's literally cuddled with Theodore on heelas lap, and he just won't leave her side. It's the cutest, [ __ ], it's so precious. Do you see this dead like lying parallel? I mean I'm, just I'm, so proud of a little shred. This is how they were sleeping last night shredders walking over come on. Oh you guys. This is how Theodore was sleeping in my lap last night. Look at this. This is me last night, till [ __ ] 4:00 a.m. when L woke up and took over, and then she woke me up at 7:00 a.m. - Theodore at a freaking 10 chaos scale had a crazy, huge poop. She needed my help changing and she definitely that those poops those newborn poops are so crazy. It's like black tar because ILA's not lactating it. You don't. You get you'll, probably get her milk in today, so he has like natural reserves in his body that he's consuming and the poop that expresses is like black tar. Yes, it's and it's sticky and unbelievable, and it was a huge one this morning. So that was my my my wake up. This was a proud dad moment. Baby shredder mom boom whoo, you kid. Oh, this was the first moment I held him. This was in the delivery room. I was rocked, it was like a rocking chair and he fell asleep and it was very, very uncredible. Well, he looked so cute there there's the guy. We gave him the pacifier at first because he was latching well, but then because he was starting to have trouble latching. We took the pacifier away because you don't want him to get used to the pacifier or you start to prefer it because he loves that thing. Man, like you put it in him, he's happy as a clam, but if he becomes dependent on it it can cause trouble with ELA latching and that's the ultimate worst thing. You don't wanna do that, so we're gonna hope we're trying to hold off on the pacifier until the feeding gets down cute cute, so cute his face is just so cute little one teeth: cool beanie, looking pretty dope there look at that God! Look at him! That's how they love it. He's wrapped up like a frickin mummy he's like looks like a mummified baby, but he loves that that's his most peaceful state, so I think that I think that's everything I think that's every everything that covers it. Let me see what else I got here. Oh I want to say for the record that Allah did not [ __ ] herself, hey I know we had spoken a lot about that. We expressed concerns about that. Okay, that's all right! She did not poop herself. So just going on the record and saying here. Overall, the experience for us was really was really a positive one. It wasn't really. It wasn't really that bad. It was really intense and scary during the point of labor, just because it's so nerve-wracking, but overall it was a really great experience and I think the faculty at Kaiser Permanente made it a lot better made it so good. It was incredible. I would have if we have more babies I'll, have it there without hesitation, unbelievable so amazing, but overall it was a fantastic experience and I'm just so grateful to ela for being supermom and for everything she's gone through, you know. Did she I, don't know what it's just nature? Listen I tell her all the time. Listen! If I could trade places with you. It's so easy to say you know, I would totally trade places with you I joke with her about it. Listen if I could I would know, but for whatever reason, Nature [ __ ] over not [ __ ] over, let's say nature charged our females with this sacred duty. So so we have to cherish that sacred duty and so and Father's Day is coming up. I get my first Father's Day man. That's right! Couple weeks right, people keep asking me if I want to do anything for Father's Day. It's like bro, first of all, I've been a dad for like three days so I think it's a little presumptuous tour to be celebrating fathers day and and then second of all, what better you know a way to celebrate. I'm just want to be at home with the family dude, that's Father's, Day, shi-it yeah. Let's go celebrate Father's Day, let's go to the part and leave yeah mom and the baby. No, it's a family! Damn! Well! That's about it! I! Don't really plan on talking about anything more today. I just wanted to keep it. You know to the point: keep it short and get back home to the Bubba and ELA yeah I got to go, get groceries and cook some steak. Fur she's craving filet mignon. So you know you boys got to do it so um, but you're feeling pretty good about that. We're gonna eat, mashed, potatoes, we're gonna need filet, mignon and broccoli. That's the that's! The dream meal go ahead. What is it it's raw do I have that one you've got one. That's on the Rost of the raw. It's a cur hit him with the wrost of the bra I know. Maybe just the regular oh hey yo come on. Do we have raw yeah, that's the one, and only on no introduction for you slam on them with the regular smiler, all right, I! Guess we don't have the Ross of the raw we'll line up the raw for next time. Mm-Hmm yeah! All right! Well, you know that's about it! I'll be back! You know, I gotta, come I got to bring it to you, guys the Rost every week up, you know I'll be back next, Friday, probably by myself, doing a more regular episode, but I'm keeping them brief. Just so I can get back to the family but happy to share with you guys and happy to share it, while it's still fresh in my mind and I've got all these beautiful, wonderful pictures and videos to draw from to really pull from from memory. But overall the experience has been so surreal. You know you got this baby. It's only been three days and, like I said it's gonna. Take me it's gonna. Take me some time to really realize what we're dealing with, but for now it's just my focus on supporting ELA, making sure she's got everything she needs and she's comfortable and taking care of the baby. So she can sleep after he feeds I, try to put him to sleep, so she can sleep and that's you know. That's gonna, we're pretty much taking time off right now, so we're gonna be well-deserved. Yeah, we'll, probably be away I'm, just gonna I'm gonna pop in here on Fridays and do the show I have another video that, like basically is 90% done when ela started going into labor. So I'm probably gonna finish that this weekend and just pop it up there and then and then take a break for first several weeks at least, but I hope you guys enjoyed I mean the support we've gotten we received was just incredible, I'm happy to see babies are this just miracle like they bring so much joy into the world. You know like just exiting the hallway or exiting the hospital going to the car to bring Theodore home. You know I thought walking around with shredder was crazy with how everyone's like obsessed without cute, but when we were there with Theodore everyone, like literally everyone, was just like all congratulations, yeah. You know because there's a lot of traffic at the Kaiser center and it was just like we won a competition or something people were practically just clapping. Everyone stopped what they were doing just started. Clapping. You know man. When we walk around with Theodore and shredder, it's gonna be crazy. I'm, like pulling my eyebrow hairs out. Sorry I was like over super long, one here right now, I'm trying to yank out, but he's amazed, I mean he's amazing. You know the first week has got to be the toughest. The hardest night first was probably the first night in the hospital room, because it's like it's so scary, you're alone with the baby. You don't know what to do. You're trying to breastfeed it's really hard. It's really painful for Yili doubt that was such a long night I mean we didn't sleep at all. He looked a little bit and I stayed watch, he's supposed to be sleeping like 16 hours a day, but he's just been crying a lot, so he's been under slept and then I think overstimulated, which makes it harder for him to sleep. So I mean it's been tough, it's been challenging, but it's been beautiful and it's going to get easier over the next couple of weeks, I'm sure. But what can you say you know it's a crazy thing: epidural get the epidural, that's my advice to expecting mothers really big, come away, yeah! Absolutely and that's about it. I'm a dad now. So a big papa I got to deal with some of us. I gotta go deal with some [ __ ]. Now all right fish. Well, that's it guys. I hope you enjoyed. Thank you for the well wishes and the you know all the beautiful all the nice words and all the support and all the kindness I mean you guys credible gracious, beautiful. Thank you. So much for sharing this joy with us, I'm I'm thrilled I mean the fact that I've got a healthy baby boy. I've got a healthy baby mom who will handle it beautifully, that's the biggest blessing in the world. You know that's the Father's Day gift that any of us could ask for so scary that you know something could happen, but he was fine. God bless I'm, so sleeping my eyes are starting to close. Let's get you out of here, then: don't wake up! Call! Alright! So I'll see you next week, guys and I guess stay tuned this weekend for a new vid, which is gonna, be just I'm out, I'm gonna. Do it and I'm out I'm have to sneak in when Theodore sleeping I've got like an hour of editing left seriously. Just have to put music in it's a good video, too I think you guys will enjoy it. Can't wait, forget about it. Huh forget about it! So we'll see you next Friday guys! Thank you all love! You appreciate you Tata for now see you then [Music].