-, okay, here's the deal now we are really back before last episode. We were back now we're really back. Why, like a half back, that was a half back I'll Brokeback Brokeback! First of all, today's episode is sponsored by candid CO and quit. We love them and appreciate them so much. We are joined today by in the salaried employee, daily reducer Zac, the sound wizard hmm, but he was a lad. Yes, he's a wizard he's not really a wizard. Is he dance the Wizards? The way we can't have the competition here? Well, how would you title yourself Zac as a sound? What you see it's the sound lad blood. Does that give you enough credit lad, I like it, you like, lad. Okay, the lad is with us here today. Why are we all sitting here together because it's time for 2019 Year in Review, where we are oh and Sarah, go wonderful, Sarah's out on the switchboard in case you're wondering who L is on the ones and twos who the hell's backstage doing it today? Sorry, everybody listening! Are we back? Why are we half back? Don't we have a limiter dance with it like if I scream into the mic, it doesn't rupture yeah. You could just scream the whole episode no, but there should be a limit good impression, there's no magic, it's gonna be yes. There is magic in limits the it's magic 2019 year and review the best and worst moments of 2019 everybody. We had so many memorable moments. We had some rough moments. We all had our shares of hardships and triumphs here on the a Street, podcast and I thought it was appropriate for us all to review together. You know it's hard to come back from the break with Jack and Eric I loved them, because I had so much I wanted to talk about yeah Heello with you guys. It's been so long since I've seen you guys and it was. It was very difficult to not talk about everything that we missed. Now we have the opportunity- and so I say to you all: we are back season 3. We are ready and all right did I say bomb. The white house in the last episode I did say that nothing ever came of that. Okay, The Secret, Service never came or anything not yet anyway. Yeah, there's no intention of bomb. What Zack had mentioned his place, but I think it was getting no comment scare me so before we get on to the best and worst, first of all, let me ask everybody how's everybody doing. How was your break Zack go ahead? How was your break? Oh, it was wonderful. Super low-key about the girlfriend night went to her family on Christmas, because I am a Jew you're Jews. He said she's a Christian yeah going on she's, look away. If you guys have kids, how do you raise them? You know we had that discussion, but we did have that discussion. So you know we talked about incorporating both aspects of religion, which I think would be very like a Jewish, Santa, Clause sure Jew for Jesus Hanukkah bush, okay, yeah yeah. We we've had that conversation, interesting yeah and with our you bar about a Bar Mitzvah I am a bar and what year, if you had a son, would you want him to be a bar mitzvah? You know it's not that big of a deal I. Would you circumcise him 100 percent yeah, okay, good, so she likes what you've done to your cosmetically. She likes okay, excellent! Well. Thank you. Welcome back sad happy to have you for having me in how was your break I happen to know? Oh, not for me for a sec. I was partying. Now tell me on Instagram publicly, and then you also put as you guys can see you soon critic, but not that cryptic it's uh. It's all of the the plain card suits, would entertain, possibly that this girl here is the wild card, we're really coming in hot. You know this is my girlfriend. Can we confirm that this is the wild card? I mean kind of speaking with the caption? You know. So this is the girl who ruined I, so wow she's, very pretty uh. Congratulations, the end! She looks very much. The bachelor kind of worked it did work. Man did were, can directly, maybe directly extremely directly. You guys understand the bachelor. Ian has a girlfriend we anticipated, but it did work yeah. There was little. She went beyond the chain of command yeah, but no one worked out great I'm she's, very power, yeah very happy. Yes, it's fantastic. She wonders. Oh, she sees the ian's of production. She is from she's not in state right, no, no she's, not here, and you guys have plans of we're uniting and we're making it making it work. I was there over break visiting her and she visited me over break I'm going back next month. Oh she's, coming back the month after we've got it all with that. How often are you guys on the phone like every day you text her throughout the day and calling mm-hmm that's a good he's so smitten he walks and every morning with a smile? Why aren't you thinking any I? Don't know discussion about like why am I still getting [ __ ] for me. Why aren't you thanking me this wouldn't be without contract like what you actually broke the continent by by saying well, I'm surprised, didn't try to bring up the contract. Cuz I was ready to go to war now I'm, not in war mode anymore. Are you so we can tear the contract he's in love? You can know tearing I, think I think we have to keep it for posterity. I mean I'm happy to talk about what I'm up to things like that, so you guys are on the phone. Would you ever send her a dick pic? This is for me to know, and you never find out. Okay, so I think that is a yes, because I've never sent a dick pic, although might I feel like I'm out of that, you should try it. That would be kind of spicy right. No, it's definitely things. Would you send a dick pic Zack go ahead, it be honest, I haven't done it go ahead, I've only done it. What are you worried about always loosening it? No stop! Go ahead. Zack tell the truth. Come on we're all. Yes, I've sent a dick pic, yes, and so what was it that you seem conflicted about doing so? I, wouldn't I wouldn't send a dick pic - someone like I'm just talking -, yes, consenting recipient yeah I've only sent to my current girlfriend okay good and was it at her request or was that your prerogative you've got hot and heavy okay? It was reciprocated yeah. It was all yeah, so ela. If you were like upstairs doing your thing, the phone rang your dings, it's a dick pic from Ethan. Would you feel flattered, I think go ahead, y'all! Let you answer I, don't know, I think my first reaction would just be like what the [ __ ], what well, what am I supposed to do with that, because, first of all, first of all we're always together the need to be transmitting pictures of my penises is zero minimal. Second of all, the expectation for dick pics, not there, third of all I, am afraid of my dick being on the Internet. So so for me we actually know, but you never know. Oh [ __ ]. Look at this. You know you don't know who's gonna you're. Basically the minute I take a picture of my dick. You better just expect that it's gonna be on Twitter. Yes, that's our set of mine like yeah. That's very opening yeah when did I'm, but besides that I am, we feel like we just didn't grow up having those be part of our culture, so I'm just confused by this, because you guys never did dating jobs or anything no I've never been on a date missed all that yeah and now I'm, not saying that there I'm not like I'll, say I'd, send a dick pic. You know like. Does the girl return something? Yes, I think it depends on the situation and yeah. Ideally, the girl returns something I think they did a boob shot or vag shot, because I mean how did tell Marta to go. I'm not gonna, come okay, that's so Zach has been sexting. God bless you, you think the the age of the dick pic was created with these new apps, like tinder I. Think just smart abilities send images like that. Okay, ian has been in love, congratulations, the wild card, she ruined the show, but she built your heart. Yes, I, look forward to meeting her someday yeah sure you will good me too. I hope so and Dan talk to me. Well, what what's compan going on with you? Not much I went traveling too I went out to the great white north I was up in Idaho over the break. Why were you in Idaho? That's where my girl was from? Oh, my god, yeah and I'd never been before, and I gotta say surprising amount of age, three fans up there, I got you got recognizing I in small-town Idaho it was it was. It was a trip yeah, so shout out to I think it was. There was a Jesse, oh hey, oh, it was Dan, it was it another Dan Wow, no I've never been there. But why do you love I, know I, like the name yeah, it's pretty epic. It was actually gorgeous. It was snowing and everything- and you know all the pine trees, all white and everything I'm not used to that being from you know that was that was beautiful, majestic yeah. Now Dan, you were there with the girlfriend. Tell me about that. How's that going it's going good yeah I met Matt, her family and everything Wow. Thank you good. You play good with the mom I think so I'm good with you're good with mom after dinner, you help with the dishes and all that I. You know, that's no I. Never we never had we ate out the whole time. Oh yeah did you bring [ __ ] over dinner when we ate that's pretty good, that's good! You bring flowers or like a housewarming gift, you know, I didn't know just the dick-pic good. Well, Wow love is in the air over the 2019. Was it was a potent year? That's good, I'm, so happy to hear that everybody's got a smile on their face. Everyone looks rejuvenated about you. What were you doing over break yeah? Oh you! Never. What did I do over break? Nothing! Man [Music] our main goal. Yes, we've been working really hard. Later, though we just wanna, we wanted to be with him and it was super sweet. That's great yeah. It was great. We've took him to the zoo. We went out walking everywhere, he's too young to look at the animals, but he was he's captivated by the people and the kids yeah. It's nice just take him into public places like that. Theodore is growing up. He is close to crawling he's, got two little teeth. Coming in he's, gonna be eight months old on the 4th of February every eight-month-old in this little guy. That's all we went vintage car shopping right, go as expected. Oh my god, so I've been hearing, I didn't know. If we were gonna get into this, so he lied hurt. You has been obsessed with vintage cars. She wants like a vintage car, so we go to this place. They sell like beautiful, vintage there. They look great they're in great condition, originally cold. Looking Mercedes, my vibes now I've been telling Ellis since she brought this up to me. Yeah I said yeah I support you. If you want this I'm, not gonna. Tell you no I'm, just gonna give you a warning that these old cars are pain in the ass they're gonna, always not work. They're not gonna, run good and you're, not gonna, really like driving it. It's just gonna end up sitting in our garage or driveway spilling oil, and so you know everybody on Teddy fresh. You look. He was talking about the vintage carbons car and it was like funky thing trying to bring you down either you go girl, you do your thing girl and then they go get in their head. You go don't listen to me all right. Well, I never had a problem with it anyway. So no, but deep inside I know that we are always on the same page. So I knew that Ethan is right, like I kind of knew it but I just I, just like the look of the car. But it's not really that serious, look. I agree. The look is cool too yeah, but the thing is we go to the vintage car. These are. These. Are the good ones? Cuz you don't you don't want just a piece-of-shit old car. You want like there's one that looks like it is maintained right, so the the cheapest one here is 70,000, so right away on the price I'm like either you can get like a [, __, ], new badass car for that right, so already I'm like oh, we were spending $70,000. Why don't? We just get an awesome new car yeah? So that's the first thought. Then she gets into this car the $70,000 car, which was the cheapest one they have there. She gets in this car was that white being our white Mercedes? No, it was cream. It was the one you wanted, yeah and so first of all, the guy pulls it out and he's turned it on he's getting into gear. He was gonna test-drive it and he's got the clutch and he's like he's like trying to get it here and he's like it's a mercy. It's a convertible top down. It takes two people screwdriver in the drawer, yeah crank it put in the window is one of those so I'm like alright just for commuting from the officer back, so EULA gets in the driver's seat. Now you have to imagine the setting we're in a garage it's a de facto shop yeah full of incredible antique cars where ella is getting into the cheapest one. That cost starts at seventy thousand yeah behind ela is a antique, Ferrari and rolls-royce, probably the two most expensive cars in the garage, nearly three hundred thousand or more apiece beautiful, and so yes, getting ready to go out on our test, drive and I'm. Not sure why, but it wasn't all there that was like this is very normal. Here's drivers reverse go. He didn't show me anything mmm-hmm. Do you drive manual like do you know how to drive a stick shift? I know it wasn't. It was just oh, but the guy couldn't get it in the drive right for me. I didn't have to do anything right and I started like driving and it goes backwards, so ILA's going on and she's not hitting brake. She just looks at me: [Laughter] [, __, ], but all I see is I'm standing there in shock and she's just turned her editors. Looking at me as the cars going back towards the Ferrari and rolls-royce was pretty fat and so I don't know. What's going on, it was and and the guys like he's like trying to laugh it out and he was like panicking at the same time and I was like what is I tried to hit break in was happening, but then eventually he hit. They like, he pulled the ebrake yeah and then the car salesman is running after them and I'm just sitting there like and ILA's just staring at me. You can imagine just staring at me a shock, and then there was a guy in the car with her who slammed on the ebrake thank God. Why would they let you test, drive the transmissions, all [ __ ] up in Drive, and it was rented, oh, my god, why didn't the pre get out of the car like all shaking I, just wanted to leave the roof, and then the guy who like take care of the car yeah like their their handy mechanic guy? He was super nice and he came and he was like he didn't want me to feel so. Bad and he was like, come on, not all drive and then we switch and I'll show you first how I'm driving and they use, and then you drive and so I went with him because I didn't want to also like say no I was trying to be nice sure, but I was like horrified why I just wanted to walk out what was with the brace. So when he took me on a drive he said just so. You know this happens all the time to me too, and you would expect to like the drive. Let's say is the drive use really like down or something it's the opposite of what it usually is. So we said that happens to me, you put in Drive. No, the guy thought he put it in Drive. Oh I, don't even do anything really God, but then how come the brake didn't work, so you've got a really slam. It's like it slow and it's like when you're used to modern brake yeah, like barely tapping on yeah old cars. Aren't like that you gotta, like press. You got a crazy, oh yeah, no power steering either right yeah. So you test drove it and the end. How did you like it so then I drove it and it's like the wheels kind of like takes a minute, the risk and I'm coming from driving our like modern car. It didn't feel that great yeah and I was just wanting to go out of there and we left and I was like the dream is over. What did you think when you came back I just wanted through your race that whole day for my memory, ela was traumatized. We got no car I always hit a rolls-royce like what the [ __ ] and a Ferrari right, but I mean um I'm glad we did it. So you could get the bug out of your system yeah. So that's a you're, not all tall over. We already got she got a car, so we were like immediately we're over that a different car, a new car. We got a new car and convertible and it's awesome. Congratulations. Thank you way better. So we say what it is you can say: I, don't care, I ended up. Getting a Porsche is really nice. No kids in this car and it's our date car and we going drives just the two of us. It's really fun, that's pretty cool beautiful car, beautiful yeah and what else it's like the same prices at all. So that's that story. So ela came to her senses. She realized, as always, it was so good cuz. We came back from break and I opened up our we have our like show dock or whatever and like I, just see a note in there and like ela crashes, classic car been talking about the classic cars like it was so scary, I thought I was like man I wonder if they would have made you pay for it or what like what would happen if you actually no way how what if I can't afford you I'm sure they have insurance, yeah, probably yeah, but I mean they. They screwed you but I think they would have tried something like that, those guys a bunch of car salesmen, you know sneaky yeah. They would have tried some anyway. There's that so Wow a lot has happened. There's a couple of videos: I want to watch before we get into the Year in Review, okay, because I believe it's important stay up to date. Here we have Khalid trying to crowd surf what I don't know if this is older, jumping, usually when it's 11 he comes into the crowd. You know people are get excited, but you can hear screams of no that's screwed. Those are genuine. Scream he's done this before - yeah yeah he's done this before. Is that Khalid? Are you kidding? Who else is that way? Oh I recognize that pear-shaped body yeah same frame, I, don't like it is actually bigger than anyone. In the comments maybe clarify you attempted murder, that's what's ready, they call this. You guys go all the way up and then oh I have to like click. You have to go into the comments: entire discussion, okay, use, reddit! Well you trying to get me to watch other videos. I, don't see anyone saying that it's not Khalid yeah nobody's, refuting it. So it lets you go with. Yes, whatever well hold on what other pear-shaped red both grant pant wearing bearded, we need to analyze, I mean I, see that doesn't look like him Khalid is. We doesn't run like that. Like I know, is more like it. [Music] younger, any and Khalid is a little bit big I, don't think it kind of looks like Fat Joe, no he's been arraigned. This may be a coward hit, John wow. That was such a fail. Maybe it's a stunt. What a regardless, but are you guys, really I, think you're right action? You persuaded yeah I'm, not sure. If that's him, can we pull up a dash? A different, hmm, usually read it cause that [ __ ] out like immediately, though let me affect that nobody's, refuting it. Let me do it. Sirs is real interesting! That's not dj khaled I'm, pretty sure. That's flyboy, Tarantino wow I, wonder if Cal is not done with this public smear job, yeah that looks like the guy we just saw, but he's also had it. Yeah he's tatted all over the best. I didn't see any time there was a no beard but he's not wearing red pants mmm. Well, he probably hasn't rolled on her no, but if that was what are the replies to that, this guy doesn't have a single tattoo on it. What's that, oh behind the beard oh hold on the [ __ ] finger hold on Sarah you're, saying oh yeah neck. There's a tat yeah, because I thought he had like a long straggly beer yeah right the tattoo matches. He does have something going on there. Yep people are agreeing. People are agreeing that it is flyboy, and this is the flyboy. It's not it's. His signature move. Apparently, oh my god remind me not to go to his page. He said out of all the cities. He toured only to fail to catch him dude if I'm him and I'm doing that. I've got a plant like Jax dudes in the floor. On the same sound you hear if somebody opens fire, so we need my justice bird DJ Khaled his name cleared. There is a DJ Khaled crowd, surfing video yeah I feel like he didn't eat. [ __ ] that hard DJ Khaled crowd yeah this one, he kind of fell. He just kind of thinks you wouldn't just come to. Khaled crowd surf ends up crushing fans, I'll watch the music. Or can you mute the music cuz I? Don't want to get [ __ ]. This doesn't mean the mute it [Music] wait if I turn that down it doesn't click on try the second one. Well, just just click am in no audio, no audio, ok, I gotta! Do it! Here's counties get don't get Cal too high. Oh no they're having too much fun. It's not! They push him out. There look at the [ __ ] back yeah. It's like quicksand! They didn't want him. This was a big story. This twitch streamer begging for subs I bet you guys. You know people are saying she's, so disgusting, she's begging for subs is why everyone hates twitch streamers go ahead. Watch it and some of what you think. Okay, how do you hold speech about how I need subs and to get this stream going? If you like, the content, blah blah blah? How that results in zero subs? There are regulars here $5 a month. How are you have hours of time to watch me and not Disney Plus for $5 a month, I, don't know what do you do, sir game time to watch twitch and not $5 to provide for the concept feel like she just answered her own question. Look what are you doing with your life that you're sitting here watching for hours and don't have $5 right? Well, they're, mine? What's your content, those are just complaining: hmm, no I, don't I! Think I read somewhere I'm, not sure. I can't confirm that she doesn't political commentaries, I'm saying: okay, don't do this. Left is best. That would make sense, actually really heartbreaking, because it's like people just really have no they've, really don't respect me as a content creator. That is, that is rough I mean I, didn't I, don't think she's, representative, twitch, I, think she's, just some I mean I, don't know, I've, never even seen this girl or this but yeah, that's um. The thing is I. Don't when people don't really need to ask for subs people sub if they find value yeah right, but I love? How she's like I bagged, you guys and not one person subscribed it's like well, maybe your [ __, ], sucks I. Don't know they say you know cheese yeah! Well, is it just water I guess left is best. No thank you. You don't think left his best to sir I mean maybe I guess maybe err. Maybe it says in the there was someone else under the bus for publicity then promote yourself, ouch I, just like both yell. What now we're just descending into? Why drama anyway, shout out to her yeah, that's good! Go if you like the content, blah blah blah for becoming the I'll look into that cuz I'm curious. If there's like additional context to it or something, let's find the whole scooped yeah, let's dig in let's dig in a little bit right into that did Philly. Do you mention that? Have you guys been staying up to date with Philippi, he has been on break -. Oh really, you came back yesterday with a quick. Oh my god I. You know every time Philly. Let me pull up a shot. Every time Philly D clickbait Smee I'm, like what the [ __ ] did I, do it's flattering: I guess, but I get in distress, yeah I think I must be one of the most click baited faces on the philip defranco show, which they do take. As a compliment here. Look I, look at me I'm here. What did I do? Oh, the kpop March my lot, there's PewDiePie Oh Shane, PewDiePie Shane's gonna be hard to top. Thank my girl wants to be number one yeah. Well, let's see I'm up here twice I see Felix 3. This is just the last row absolutely made an appearance, so he's Sonic even made an appearance huh. He has some pretty dedicated fans. I bet you somebody has a running tally of I. Would love on the action edit, so I don't feel it's cool. Actually, no I need to oh here's. Ptc I need to get in and Shane. It's probably the number one right now, I'm, actually seeing Felix a lot I want to see someone. He does david dobrik a lot too I'm seeing him all over. So actually, if anybody's listening has a tally, I would absolutely love to know what that is. I feel like I I got to be in top 10 right, Here I am again top 10. Can I have that title I, remember back top 20 when I first started watching him and he was going by sex again. Oh and the thumbnails were all just like girls, bikinis and stuff. Remember that I've heard about that. But I wasn't watching that's for time watching you too, this was like 2011. Maybe how old were you your aim again? You guys I, don't know huh I'm, seeing myself a lot here. I am again I'm just saying you are there a lot I, it's reasonable I might be in top 10 I. Think I'm top five I'm, not giving you some new top ten I'll give you that just something somebody does the podcasted h3h3 productions. Yes, please I need to know. Does the Israeli live lag? Countess me? What take a break? Has it already been 30 minutes sure having too much fun here back in the HD podcast best show in the world boys should get to it. After the break, so then, okay, let's go to the break, we'll be back. Your review do not go away. We're just getting warmed up. Ian is working on highlights, as we were. Never quit, what'll a head in the game. Alright, you go to a break, we'll be right back guys. Are you unhappy with that smile, tired of feeling, self-conscious and photos? Why not make this? The year, you straighten your teeth. With candid candy delivers clear aligners directly to you and stranger teeth for 65% less than braces, unlike braces, candids clear liners are comfortable, removable and totally invisible. So you can transform your smile without anyone noticing a thing plus you never have to set foot in the doctor's office or waiting room. Your treatment is prescribed remotely by licensed orthodontist and Candida livers. Everything you need right to your door, unlike other companies, canted only works with orthodontist, never general dentists. That means your treatment will be designed by an expert in tooth movement with 20 years of experience on average, looking ahead to wedding season or a special event with candid, the average treatment length is just 6 months and you'll start seeing results way before then learn more about candids process and get a complimentary 3d scan of your teeth. At a candid studio near you, it's simple, freest way to get started. So are you ready to take the first steps toward straighter teeth for a limited time you can get started with $75 off by using code h3a candid cocom, /h 3, that's candid cocom /h 3 use code, h, 3 for 75 $75. Excuse me folks, $75 off candid code, comm /, h, 3 code, H, 3, I'm, H, 3, you're, watching H 3, quit makers of the quip electric toothbrush wants you to know one single discovery that matters most for your dental care. It is simply this that if you have good brushing habits, you're good, that means brushing for two minutes twice a day and flossing regularly. No matter what brand you use quit makes that simple, starting with an electric toothbrush, refillable floss and anti cavity toothpaste, quips, electric toothbrush, has sensitive sonic vibrations with a built-in timer and 30-second pulses to guide a full and even clean. The quip. Floss dispenser comes with pre mark string to help you use just enough plus clip delivers fresh brush heads floss and toothpaste refills to your door every three months with free shipping. So your routine is always right, join three million healthy mouths and get equipped today, starting at $25, and if you go to get equipped, come slash. H3 right now, you'll get your first refill for free. So that's your first refill free at get quip, calm, slash, h3, spelled g ET q, UI, p.com, /, h, - Requip. It's the good habits company! Welcome back you're, the only one! That's back! No one else is here: I'm here dance here, I mean you know dance here, my chopped liver Dan's, always here lack so I was going to say. I wanted to bring up one more thing before we jumped into it, because we were goofing on not goofing and really but the bathtub trough. Guy. Look at this. That's the same dude! That's the same, all right, I'm, so stoked for this guy. What an incredible journey! Well awesome! Isn't this the best thing you've ever seen. I saw that and I cannot believe that for him that was like impossible. That must have been so hard, oh yeah, but look how happy he looks. Yeah I mean it's got to feel amazing. I mean the guy could be probably got like a new life. No he's got a handsome dude actually to a huge seriously I'm. So I'm just a see, not a boy. It's possible man, mmm I, need to get inspired. Man I'm getting too fat I can't fit into clothing. I've like this incredible shorts collection, I can't fit into the shorts the feeding window, I ain't, doing it the feet of someone left the window open, there's a draught effect. The fitting window alone is just not enough. You know, I got discouraged, I didn't go vegetarian. Pretty much! I am actually pretty much we're just not like super strict about it, so I sometimes do something, but for the most part yeah anyway, let's move on. Let's get to it. Shall we okay anyway, then I have I, am fully vegetarian still and I tried meat once and I felt like you described like I, was so good. What make the Jew eat your brother got. Food for us would meet and I couldn't know right. You had the UM, you know that wasn't the best meat to be honest, but I'm just completely lying to it. Yeah I mean I'm, not surprised that me, it was pretty gross I got to be dedicated to throw the [ __ ] down. What's your go-to cheap, fast food like if you were to drive through somewhere, and you just feel like cheating? Definitely a McMuffin yeah, not really I, feel like the McMuffins are not that bad. No, no I mean you could do worse, not and I. Would. If healer wasn't with me, if it was up to me, Zach I would go I'd, be happy with anything yeah. The meat Mountain bar now I. Wouldn't do that I would probably get like a quarter pounder with french fries or I. Would you know so you go Mickey D's, Carl's jr.. Do you again and out I like in and out anyway, let's go. Let's look. We have an agenda right. We have the best and the worst I want to talk about how Hillary slam Bernie, let's save that for another day, yeah less mess. What are you saying? Ridiculousness Oh, ridiculousness Oh? What about Wendy Williams, ripping ass on TV right? That's New, York, yes, Yas Queen! So good. Why save it for Friday so good? Well, now that brought it up, I have brought it bro. This is the best Wendy Williams ripped ass, so hard. So, first of all, as I say, everyone knows that she's like got it done. Leg live, be subtle or anything she's having diarrhea or like because well in that posture, I generally don't get so gassy. Unless there's like a storm brewing she's working, it Korky deport no, no, no, like a valve yeah yeah. So like she's trying to hold it in no she's squeezing it out. You sit flat, yeah she's, trying to do it subtle, yeah yeah, because when you're flat against the chair, you're gonna get that buddy I just yeah. It gets to a point where, like you have to let him I think she's trying to let it out discreet yeah exactly so. You actually want to wash clip okay, you want to watch the clip of so it's up on the screen. I mean you don't want to guess about. What's in it anymore, there's 25! Second clip you want to actually watch it: okay, 27 years old, you're old enough to understand political correctness and the times that we live now yeah. Of course, he probably knows it's not right from a man to a woman or a woman to a man, but you can't even do that. Locker room thing that cop wasn't playing that I mean because she was concentrating on the fart. You can tell her mind, wasn't kelly there yeah! Thank you right here. We got it, wait so you're lucky you only got battery what if he filed for sexual assault, oh [, __, ] I, don't go back far enough I'm! So sorry, everyone that cop wasn't playing that I mean she stopped. Talking goes into the nod: mic pick that up yeah okay, she must have ripped fat ass, yeah I think she clearly thought that that it was inaudible cuz. She has a lab on her chest, but I think there's booms everywhere for backup right, yeah, yeah for sure that yeah I think she ripped an ass so hard. She didn't think that anyone could hear it well. I think she thought it would be silent. That's why she's yeah! That's what I'm saying that's what the pose is for, like with the what's the pause in the pose. There's no way to do that for the whole time. I think she was really like trying Wendy Williams. Am I right wow, you are right, you're, exactly right, Wendy, Williams, she's like and there's no hiding it because she likes stop speaking she's gonna! Think about it. But what do you do if you need to rip ass on TV? You know what I mean and you're Wendy Williams you've got. You got hold it hold on everybody, I'm gonna, flip back. Have you farted on the HD, podcast yeah and Jacqueline heard it you're the sound guy you well, I've, never heard there was even a reaction to it. You don't really hear it I, don't laugh my [ __ ], like he does the guest. Here, though there aren't ways around she could she could have faked a cough or something? Well, that's the worst. I, don't think she could like coordinate all that. That's not I'm a competitive art and talk at the same time. Yeah! Really you can't do it. What you're saying that's like a human limit? You have to like pause. That's a human biological limit name. That seems like a challenge away because you're pushing oh I'm farting right now. You can say that next time you have to fart. This goes forever. I guarantee I can talk while I fart, no pauses. It has to be like a full colic talk. I ask you, you mean: don't miss a beat exactly no pauses, not a second, no yeah and think you might be right. When did the way the Windy Williams child, we just. We just had an on-air fart like last month. Oh, the stall. Well, our saw well yeah same thing. He did pause, but we there was a lot of. It was the news reporter his over yeah. There was a. There was a lot of back-and-forth. So what did? What do we find out? Was there it was. There was a lot of back-and-forth the the network blamed a coffee mug dragging across the ground. He was a former employee of MSNBC claimed that Chris Matthews the ho all the time fart right and it was Chris Matthews. There was a partner on the grassy knoll I feel like Chris Matthew got [Music] Center much like what happened in DJ Khaled earlier in the sub. He did a birdie through. He did him dirty, but all right. This is a good challenge. Yeah, all right, I'll, let you know and I when I've got asked my fart, my ass. Let's move it on 2019 Year in Review great year wonderful year, so I will go first, cuz I'm already here what you got now: I'm gonna start with my best. Okay, now I'm gonna go all the way back to Jack Black. Now this happened at the very end of 2018, but I really don't give a single hoots you're already breaking the know. This is the only one. This is the only one because it's right on the cusp- and we never talked about this. It was right on the cusp, like I mean like one day before. Okay. So so stop your whining, don't you say the prayer? Are you ready for it? Are you kidding me tell me if I do this correctly I? This is the hard part [Laughter] [Music] haha, that's impressive! I was feeling fresh to have that talent even pronounced a right like you would in Israel he's a talent, I, just I'm, still marvelling at the fact that we had this incredible talent, Jack, Black but loved by the world in here, doing doing a prayers and song for us. So that was especially me he's actually one of my favorite youtubers, just kind of funny to say yes, he's great said: December 7th that wasn't what the Dan. Why are you here you're supposed to support me and it's not really the it's not the hospice. It was a spiritual core. The cusp of the spiritual December is the cup: doesn't like rules? That's the only one, that's from 2000 ufff, though, to to transcend a year. So thank you in well. Somebody who understands me I was trending on a lot of like Jewish pages on Twitter. I. Didn't know that my friends, another favorite moment of mine was the revelation that Sandra bollocks bollocks. What do you think, let's say: bollocks bollocks bollocks bollocks Sandra Bullock's injects Asian baby foreskin her face yeah, specifically Asian baby foreskin. You look like a burn victim for a day, but then it's it, but then it pushes. What are you pushing into the skin sera sera? What are you pushing into the skin? Well, you push in whatever the facialist would like to insert into your pores. But what is it? It is extraction from a piece of skin free from a young person. This the. Why is it polite wait? Why was a clips of me? This is hard, should be the source. Hmm little late, now yeah. Well, it's the best of the podcast yeah yeah, that's true! So we need you there, because otherwise you're just gonna react to gain okay, so I'll just play the clip. I can't comment. That's all it's like she got caught. Red-Handed go ahead, play this of the podcast and not about reaction material that you like. What's the difference, I liked this clip, that's a highlight: what does it matter? Everybody else is the same. I forgot that this happened. So I am appreciating yeah a reminder of the fact that she injects baby foreskins and you have any other critique at the top, find it deeply disturbing. They did cuz I missed it. Cuz ill was arguing with. Let me go back and watch the clip of me talking about it again, but you don't have to be disturbed okay there. You go why Korean I always found that so so weird, but yes, they import baby, foreskin, firm, Korea and inject it into their faces, and you can tell she knows how for weird and and uh, not cool. It is even it's just strange, like kind of uncomfortable, really Illuminati yeah. Well, whatever the manicurist wants to inject I, wonder which Korea comes from. If it comes from North Korea, that's concerning interesting, because you know those babies are giving that for stuff willingly, I'm gonna, say I'm like the South Korean ones that are giving. It will well yeah, because the I mean South. Korea is a you know. Democracy were so. The babies are electing to donate, well, I'm, saying I'm sure done: Hugh Miller, it's done humanely with the parents consent if it coming from North Korea, that's just a farm where they grow babies and nip they're gonna. Guess it's probably suck yeah. You think in North Korea, it's like there's a forced circumcision. Is that what you're saying no I'm saying that in North Korea they don't need your consent, ones, consent divorce, yeah. They take the foreskin yeah forcibly interesting, very in a camp Sandra Bullock, okay, mark McGrath cameo for him. Okay, this I know this was recent acts. I should give context mark McGrath what became famous for making a cameo breaking up with a girl's boyfriend and it went viral. Everyone thought it was so funny and outrageous that mark McGrath is on cameo just delivering bad news. I mean yeah and the whole concept of cameo I think is is funny to people as well, but I wanted to do something special for ian's anniversary was your two year anniversary? Is that right, that's correct, and so we decided to commission for in a little video of mark McGrath firing in mmm-hmm, so without further ado Burt's, but always in your hearts and Ethan wants to let you know something man, these never get easier. Things are getting tough around the office and unfortunately, at this time and I know it's tough around the holidays, Ethan is gonna have to let you go, unfortunately, money's tight right now. You know oil prices around the world are going crazy and that being or telling me business he's gonna have to let you go I just can't afford to keep you around anymore. You've been a great employee, a great friend, and he hates to do this to you during the holiday season, and he thought the best way to let you know that you're fired was through me. You know a lot of cliches kind of come into mind right now, when something like this is happening to you. You know and the chips are down. You know when one door closes and finishes the fun going. It's not how many times you fall down is how many times get back up so I'm, happy Ethan and everybody. We wish you the best and you're more than capable family, but we're gonna. Let you go at this time. I'll be happy to mark your ground, keep any a wonderful employee, there's you're the best in the future. Well, I thought he said. I was so in Christ and I will say after we aired this on the podcast he raised his price from 75 to 150, 100 I think it was from 100 to 115 and he's like I'm the main like they really push him now on the way. Well, yeah he was getting my copy plus a day. [ __ ] me. Do the math, that's a lot of cheddar. Did you see the deep, the deep fake so I made? No oh yeah yeah! Let me let me pull that up. That was so uncanny dude. Well, that was the best mark, the wrath of McGrath. How did you feel 125? Oh maybe he furloughed it feed sack back. How did you? How did you feeling any wha? Do you watch this every day? It's actually my wake-up alarm gets me going. Ah, no, it's he nailed it. It's not us! It's used yeah. It was on a really small channel, so yeah I just saw it on the subreddit might not pop up on a search. Unfortunately, so that was definitely a highlight for me. Yeah he really delivered. You know we. We sent him the money. We sent him, some guidelines really minimal and he really took it around with that and he was quick to and he went for a while yeah. He knows how to how to deliver quality. Yeah I mean he's, got a reputation to uphold he's a G he's a G. So there you have it mark McGrath. Next up the belt Delphine saga for me stands out: it nearly ruined our marriage, but to go and Zach's as well. You still watch her. No, you don't watch her. No, you! Don't you? Don't ever ever one you cancel premium, that's false! Oh you don't have premium San chap anyone anymore anymore, cuz! You were really into her for a minute. Okay, video of her spitting in the door she sent us. We I had wanted her to fart in a can. It sent it to me, but she did the next best thing she spit in a jar and as far as I'm aware, were the only ones that own her spit. She expressed me after my Scott and it's still fermenting how much to take a sip of that Dan Zak. How much does it take a sip of that 10 gram? You might die drink all of it. 300 grand 10 grand wouldn't cover your medical bills, not in that way, but I was flattered that that she thought of us. Here's, the video okay here we go, I mean this is a video. This is it you ready, Allah. Yes, she later admitted to me: cuz we cut week were notices smelled like alcohol right find. She later admitted to me that she had poured a little, no idea, she's ruling into a cop, and she said she wanted to get more volume, but I wonder if it's, because she was worried that we were 23. Oh there's that could be true but be honest, who got a semi job from this from this yeah from her spitting it? Yes, that doesn't do it for you. Did you get a semi job? No, you didn't rip up at all huh, not even 1% I, don't believe I, don't believe she doesn't necessarily do it for me. Oh stop! You stop right. In did you just chop up at all, just to semi would really corked up joking I'm asking for real I'm, not trying to make jokes. Did you get I did not from this? It's it's kind of I get a weird feeling in here. Yeah, it's a pulsing! It's not attractive. Did you you choked up you choked up ten percent literally, so you got like a minuscule like just 10 percent. She's still totally am ia, she gone I, don't know, but I threw it all away you're over it. I, don't know why, because she was like the center of attention. Everybody was talking about about her she's, like um she's, like Jerry Seinfeld. She goes out at the height of her glory mmm, true. Well. If she had the whole meme about being arrested, mm-hmm right, which was just kind of a lot bad and that was [, __, ], yeah I, don't know if she's still at yeah I feel like it was yeah. Oh yeah. We noticed here that um it mysteriously. The volume goes up geez. It mysteriously filled up about 50% the way through her spitting marathon. That must have been when she poured in the alcohol mmm Wow. At this point she puts it back in her mouth. It's pretty incredible. I mean she did go all out. I love him beyond. You got a hug from her yeah yeah. That's right! That's part of the thing is that the the authority continued to develop, which is what contributed to being so great. For example, we decided to open it and there's a good vacuum seal. What it's here? Listen like Wendy, Williams wait. Are we ready? It's not look at how at least one jar was way clearer than, but at least definitely getting [ __ ]. Well, you know what happened. There's probably probably is better hair. There little air pressure went along its spit out what the bacteria was like. No guy used for yeah sourdough right, exactly that's right, gnarly, so there's like can you hear? Is that okay? Well, okay, so hold off on that? Okay, yeah yeah, but yeah this? This is gnarly good timestamp that man I am so blown away. It's just not what I expected and operating YouTube for a youtuber bro. It's a one and a half hour time line, not even bored a minute. If you press L, it goes is like a grown up girl because I do think drinking alcohol, no I called no her bacteria. What format smells like Manischewitz yeah? Why do you take a step we should going in? No, if Dan doesn't we have to complete the circle, opening it up? Okay, wait put it up to the mic, let's hear if it makes the zone no interesting, I, think that means there's nothing active in there there's. No! This is how the Walking Dead stated a deep me, just flew out so dance got. It open, he's smelling like death. Oh my god go ahead, Ian your neck. This is like The Grudge. How long did that been days? This was uploaded. It was like in the summer I didn't actually I never did I, never smelled it I, don't like straight by the way. This has been marinating for seven months. Don't spill that that'll burn through this unbelieving? If you can't it smells kind of like like a like a old bread, yeah I got the yeast element, there falls red, doesn't sound too bad, but, like there's a thing in there, there's a demonic element, yeah for sure thoughts. You still want to sip that for 10 G's, it's on the show it does smell like an alcohol bread, that's the way. I can put it I. Think of the fact that you're smelling someone's spit whatever you're smelling. That was really like. If you smell, if you smell a flower that had that scent, would you react the same way you get a contact high from get a good whiff? Well, I got a good with just let it marinate basking in I just want to get a really good description. So the thing yeah it's like the alcohol is fermented yeah. You can really smell the yeast bratty as foul drunk if you drunk that. Well, this is this alcohol. She spit out. Some I feel different to be on I think it became less pungent by the time it came around to me, cuz smell was may, might have escaped yeah, I. Think I think you got the worst I might Asian 0vu ttle. Well, we did that and then vitally, en ran into her at the pornhub Awards writes, although you're the only one that survived to to tell the story. Uh-Huh yeah, that was a and I didn't, expect that to happen, um I didn't think she was gonna, be there she's, so mysterious right. So then, when I la I was like I gotta find her here and yeah. That was good work. She was so excited. She knew who we were and you were wearing the Hat yeah she was. She was so nice, she's freaking out I'm. Actually, looking person I mean I, she looked like her I mean I could see like where the like, where the wig she's dressed like on her, you know Grim, Reaper or whatever yeah, but, and she was with a guy right, I didn't see anyone who was she with I, didn't hear with anybody she's by herself yeah. It looked like it as far as I saw I, don't know anything else, I mean anything unusual, not really I told her. What did she say to you? I had said I like pointed at the Hat, and she was like no way no way is that real and I was like yes, a replica. She was like where's Ethan where's, the other yeah, but it was cool. She talked to me for a while. Well, congratulations. You got a hug beautiful combination saga. What kind of hug was it yeah I'm curious? Are you? What are you kind of hug was like? How long did she ask you? Was it? Was there body contact? Was it shoulders forward along the Christian side? Hug? Yes, what percentage chubber you right now zero well I'm, trying to get up to ten but you're, holding Vito one of those. Since when you do the power you do, the pat you got the Larry David Pat yeah. Did you smell her? I didn't go for the whiff, but you were right there did you not inhale. You went for the live I just with the spit. She smelled like rotten red in Paris, I, think something happened between them and he did not wanted to know no well, you didn't have a girlfriend, then. What are you worried about he's all groovy? She just wanted to stay mysterious, so she I live with too much. I was trying to ask questions. She wasn't really. We wanted to get a video. She didn't go up on stage either. No, it's no interesting yeah! Well, there you have it Trish, Delphine and next up for me, Andrew yang enters on the Gatsby, fantastic [Music], [Laughter] he's so careful we put on the lowest speed. That's max feeding well after the Bobbili incident, especially when our official he's a serious guy ya, know. Andrew yeah I feel like that was a milestone for our podcast. Having Andrew yang a presidential candidate here on the show was pretty well I me that was uh. Let me tell you guys my dad flipped out about that. Actually, alright, why is he a young gang, it's kind of a hanging? Oh, so he didn't expect that yeah I haven't told him anything and I'd literally got it. I got a text from him. That said what the [ __ ]. You got, Andrew yeah as long as Dan's dad is in I craved your dad's approval more than my own, because you told me your dad is. This is a what's a fan of the rice gum, video that has those parents I think we all determine it said. Are you [, __ ] kidding me? You guys got Andrew yang on the show after the debate I'm impressed nice there you go. Tell me if your dad has any more compliments when I say okay, that helps busy see if or say anything about me yeah did. He say anything about Dell Dell, Delphine yeah he's he's real indirection. He had Dan I'm reporting in all right. Let's keep blasting to take a good long. Yeah Papa John gives us a shout out. That was like a lifetime. I love! You have an award right. This watch this video look at this 2.4 million viewers. People are stoked for Papa, hey gang gang gang gang gang papa. Well, I have enough, they don't pop back. This has been so surreal. The Papa John, giving us a shout out. Well, since we've got in touch with Papa, we've been trying to book him for the show he got in touch with me. We talked on the phone for like 15 minutes Wow. It was a great chat. How was good good rapport really good Robi was nice good banter super nice I said Papa. When you come on the show he said to me, Ethan when I say I'm gonna do something I'm gonna, do it, and so we booked, we have a tentative date. I will say was the. What do we say? It's the seventh I think right the day, February that so exactly that's the day of reckoning. That's on the calendar, Papa's gonna, be in the house, but he's got the story he's got the goods he's, got the tea and he's coming to spill. It he's flying out just for our show. Wow and I could not be more excited Dan that is so cool I couldn't believe it because Ethan was getting a call from a private number and we usually don't answer anything was like. Oh yeah, oh yeah give it to me I guess you knew because I like thing yeah and then he's like it's papa. Now we had good banter. He was me he was pouring a lot of good yeah. He said yeah yeah he was slamming on. He goes. He made some good jokes about shredder, yeah and all of his ex-wife being dogs or no no, but he made some funny jokes about all of his ex-wives as well, and then it was very detailed like okay. So when do you want me to come out what time where's the office like, you could tell he's a very he's. A CEO yeah he's yeah he's the franchisor. Not a franchisor. Is a board I, don't even know what to call. It is the beach that much like the very official title used to see you, and yet you go pop Blake. There's like new titles. Oh okay! Well he's the board director of the board. Yeah he's everything he's the Alpha Omega and yes, what else the alpha beta and Omega? The expression is just Alpha and Omega. Oh he's got more Greek, Alpha and Omega of the pizza empire. No Papa dente he'll stop in there, but he's coming on and I just can't believe. It's so cool I'm super excited pretty why I cannot wait. I also have an exciting announcement on Tuesday. Pewdiepie is gonna, be joining us via satellite. It's not actually satellite, but I like what they say be a satellite. So we have some nice guests coming up. I'm excited about. It's gonna be our first ever remote guest, throw shoe under the moon, but I'm saying that we just got 800 comments yeah, but anyway, the worst I wanted to show this one too, before I pass it off [Applause], it's like a human experiment, but anyway the camera so close to their faces. It's just she's laughing, so I know she's, just she's like what the hell any you know keeps getting closer [Applause] [Music], then, when you think you can't get, he needs to step for man is good. She really has like perfect skin. If you looked at me that up close to you, you'd be like oh I got all these blackheads and [ __ ], like probably owe somebody a coupon, cameraman, yeah I'm sure it's so talk about perfect skin. Look at this that movie yeah. That was a great movie, but do you hate people that loved it I do not almost single blackhead he's almost six, he doesn't have a single black Etica smoothest skin is. How was that possible? He's gone almost sixty anyway, I'm gonna worst worst. Oh, the Thanksgiving make him laugh. Everybody was clowning on me for ruining the episode, because if people didn't laugh, then I replayed it about your science got very upset that you were not abiding by your own rules and rules today doesn't like to think inside a box yeah. Alright, thank you. Zack, that's complimentary, mmm-hmm! Well, people didn't like that. I was bragging about I, didn't think I was gonna, lose once and then I was laughing at everything. Hey, so I got I got some shredded on the accelerator. [Laughter] yeah I'm, not good and I ruined it and everybody was fun. Well. That was my worst moment. Okay, one of the other worst moments for me was everybody accusing me of cheating. It's because I dared to say that it's okay to look at someone's Instagram profile. Out of curiosity, we didn't say you're cheating, it's infidelity, but everyone in the car, yeah I was about to say we all got trashed yeah. Well, they took your side in the moment. I felt attacked, but justice prevailed and you all first of all, do you hope for a recap. I was saying that some girl sent a love note to end to Dan. Sorry, hmm and I looked at her Instagram profile because she provided it out of curiosity, yes and then said well, I, didn't look and then I said it makes sense cuz he has a girlfriend. So he didn't look. I said both that you don't know everything started. I said: [, __ ], you didn't look and you go whoa and then you all go. Oh well, look what you would look and I was like yeah somebody sent me I would look at of curiosity and then all of a sudden, all you coward with girlfriends, yes, coward, said I would never look. What I think and I think that it's wrong to look, know it and is more specific than that. You were accusing me of being a liar saying in this instance, I didn't, look and I, don't think you're lying still didn't add a principal after all, I was like now I'm. Definitely not honestly. Stick by your gun, 150%! You can't go more than two percent, then how'd. You sense. The most you could give by definition of the phrase you can't go more than two percent. What what what is the limit on 100 percenter is max. That's it that's all you can get, there could be 200% know, 200% means more than the hundred that's double 100%. How can you give 200% of your effort? You only have a hundred percent to give by definition of a hundred percent. That's the max everything 100%! Okay, he's right! Thank you. I think people should allow a thousand percent because it's clearly exaggerated for slang, no a thousand. So what like? A thousand percent, that's cool, so you agree, a thousand percent take a thousand might be a little too high. Yeah I think the cutoff is a hundred fifty well, that's outrageous. Cuz! Then I just think you're lying what York overcompensated just laying those like a real to you. Even after the back left all agree. Yeah, you all still hold firm, see not to not to litigate the past again, not to pull a Hillary Clinton on you, but by there was a lot of talk to each other. In that conversation too, I. Remember because again, I was mostly getting fixated on. The fact that you were accusing me of lying in that particular instance, which I absolutely was not I was I was just finished because then ela was interpreting that, as you saying it would be. Okay, it's I said yeah would be lemon right. I didn't like that and I see, but then the comments I'm willing to see it both ways. I think those good people on both sides know there's good people on both sides. No okay, very diplomatic I. Just of what the thing is. I think you guys are full of [ __ ]. Okay, if you were single, would your answers possibly be different? Yeah yeah, the point? No! No, if you were single, would you say it's okay to look yeah? Oh it's! Theoretically, if you you're saying if we were the argument, they were single and you says if I was in a relationship, it would be because the girl is watching and she's gentle, no wait, I'm very confused by ways you know making sense, but of course they would say. No no I, don't know. Maybe they'd be honest with me rephrase what, if you were single, you force us to be honest on this, show all the time yeah and you guys still lie to me. No, if you were single Zack and I asked you hypothetically yeah. If you are in a relationship and a and you just looked out of curiosity, because the situations like this you are behind the podcast @hh reproductions. If somebody said hey, Zack, you're, cute, here's, my Instagram profile, you will click it out of curiosity. No, that's not do it again. That was the whole conversation, even if it came through at the podcast at a few productions email. If I was single like no girlfriend in the equation, but I'm in a loving relationship. That's got nothing to do with me. I don't want to look at other girls, though that's resent that and I'm. Not okay, still give someone back here. Well, apparently yeah everybody back well, I do back you up! I! Just don't want to have this argument. Mine too, and I'm secure enough in my relationship to admit that and the audience a great idea: yeah Ethan, I love, you and I agree with everything you say Wow. That was your worst moment after all, so and so and then finally, the worst for me or the most shocking, maybe was um. This really iconic clip of turn away. Dan eating the giant lobster claw. You know what her mukbang turned on my my Siri, you know, as I was pulling this clip. I saw that eating with Q and we loved the two big MOOC. Bang channels are having a beef having it really. Oh, why are we tracking there? They were yeah. We should have a good drama. Yes, absolutely you won't forget. I'll, make a note right now. Apparently, some some of their text messages between them got leaked and they're like really trashing each other. They got tea oh yeah ago, I think it's more wheat. They have beef or they're eating beef, so they should have a baby ba I've, never seen them eat beef. Only seafood I, don't know why. They're obsessed with seafood, we're dango phone call. Maybe hello we're doing a show who just walking out. Maybe he just received an Instagram profile. I wouldn't be surprised. Does he have the [ __ ]? That weird is Sarah? Can you hear me we're saying what is Dan doing? He ran out the door. What what wait do you really think he has the shit's wide? We know he was looking at his phone. Yes me, oh did something happen. The way it just emergency up and for Dan's life I have to really I. Don't know. I hope today. Are you so I'll go and see? What's up wait you have to play really had a break. Why don't you go on the break? I go on the break of a gradual blending. I gotta go again: I've been chugging the water. Probably you got, you got a moderate. What would your honey bear? Don't drink so much because I want to drink, but then it's a bounce, yeah all right, get the hell out of here go to the bathroom. Well, you'll! It's your turn. It's my turn, but how you gonna present these to a hooligans gun what you say: it's yeah, let's just switch seats, I get some chitchat. Hello, I feel like the third wheel. I cannot believe in you, my boy who, at all time, I back you up on everyone, would leave me in the trenches on this one. How could you not click the link? It doesn't matter like ela, okay eels, my soulmate I would click the link. It's got nothing to do and it's fine. It's not like I wasn't actually accusing you of anything I just thought. I know you were a CLE I had a problem with the issue, but I'm willing to see it both ways. There is what happened? Are you serious yeah, you didn't say anything you just decked out how its printed we were like. Well, yeah, [, __, ], no I just had to pee. So then just gave you a soundbite all right, we'll go ahead them because Ian took the invitation now. Should we wait for Ian? We don't need to wait for you and he's gonna talk. He just sits there quietly, okay, one of my best moments- [Music], that's one but also I was at home, and you did this episode. That's why you just got to give it more custom. Gussto there me too, this happen. This is so sweet. It's like surreal. I can't even believe this happened only seven months ago. Yellow those are tears of joy and the expression on her face with the baby. There I mean it's just it's like all inspiring. You know, he's got a little beanie on he's really grown and something this one. He really does resemble that already looks different door. He looks more, which is funny because when you look at him you have no idea what it looks like, but now you can see it. Yeah sweetheart man says it all. For me yeah. This is like I haven't looked at this such a powerful photo man god. This was like the day after to write inside one word, yeah that you did this. It was no I, don't think I think we were in the hospital for two days, so it was like three or four-day right. This is the one I remember, because you would like barely slept, how beautiful you Liz. Oh this is directly after giving birth Wow cute, so maybe in 2020 we'll be having another one mm-hmm something do. What is it surreal? You guys have a child. Yes, I forget sometimes no! No, but like having like a moment. It was just like all right like where it just hits you that you have this being like right, where's that kid, but we have moments where we're like who is he like because he's already a guy who there is only so much influence? We're gonna have one him but he's already, whoever it was this night just a few nights ago, where he woke up in the middle of the night to eat and I was and after he was done eating. He was just sitting there like in my lap like this just staring at me in the dark and his face. He looked like such a little kid and he was staring at me for like 20 minutes, not blinking and I was looking at him you're just staring at each other for like 20 minutes in the dark, so surreal next up is Devan Affleck. It's too sad right now give some context here. So it was a random TV, something I don't know on YouTube. It just popped up, and you know you were like you know. This is a real tattoo and I was like no way. That's a real tattoo and I was just like I could not believe believe. Well, then, the great part of the story is that he lied. He said at first it was for a movie right about right, and so it kicked off a whole competition of what's a worse tattoo. How do you try and lie about something like that? That makes it so much better yeah thing interesting happened. Ela said she saw a picture of Ben Affleck's back tattoo I was like man, you guys he is crazy back tattoo of I. Guess it's like a Phoenix I, don't really know, but it's huge of course. It's whole freaking back. It's super colorful! It's it's well done for what it is, but it's like you just! You would never expect it. So I'm shocked like a Yakuza I think this is the worst tattoo I've ever. She said really minute. Well, she said Ethan I think this may be the worst tattoo I've ever seen now. I feel like that, can't be true. Can it? Why do you hate it so much? It's just awful I, like the character like way, is that the color is Phoenix. The fact that it's all over his back right. It's the size that bothers you, it's the color, it's the it's just wait to see it. It's I'm not still convinced like this is the worst. Do we ever the cow Hall on that now that was close, but it was the the guy with the one on these yeah, oh yeah, yeah, you scroll down a little bit yeah that finds the worst tattoo ever that one's worse ela, yeah I went to prison for like weird sex right I. Don't think that he did I think his dad did. I was dead, okay, good mmm. They were both participating in the same okay, fantastic mmm, what'd I do for me. I didn't have the same. Yes, the best bonding. What's the point being famous, if not that, what's the point of being a dad, if someone famous- oh hey, dad, wasn't famous on his own, no I could see my dad doing that. If I was if I was sleazy as him and my dad was single I mean I could see it. You may have rated it higher, but I. Don't know you gave a lot of weight in your rating system to Ben Affleck. Celebrity yeah I never had the same reaction to hood, that you did I mean I, see it as corny, but the worst tattoo ever I mean I, don't know cuz, it's still technically I thought. That was a lot too, but really she pleaded her case. Yes, she didn't buy well yeah. So all right! Well, congratulations too bad! Well, she got okay. Another obvious one is when I got I can't forget you're a citizen, you're American, that's so cool! Yesterday, he'll just became an American citizen, [Music] [Laughter]. What is that banana? He look closer to the mic, sir said. Thank you scarf goodness eel are you here. Probably the best poster smash was epic Zell I. Remember after that, then you went out and then smashed the boxes. Oh yeah I had to go print that and that was so stressful. Nobody confronted you right, no I printed the ELA one in the the printer broke and so a guy had to come fix it and he was kind of like alright. You got everything I'm like yeah go away. This is like so American. You could print this a huge print picture of bin Laden and no one was saying it no like in Israel. You would get so many questions. You can't print a picture bin Laden in Israel. Not just that anything. That's a little weird! You know people will be in your face about it. What are you doing? Why I see people whatever I was there? Actually that happened to me a few times, Oh people? Where did you up yeah for what just random stuff I remember I, remember once I was I was just taking pictures because you know I was like a tourist and I got approached by a couple security people, because there was like a school nearby and they just saw me taking photos in the vicinity of the school. You know that means what you that they thought you looked like a pedo I think it was more of like a terrorist kind of thing. Yeah at the time I did actually oh yeah I could see it. No I could see what the beard people aren't you heart yeah like some oh yeah like how they interrogate you out there out there yeah that happened to me to it when I got there, they pulled me aside, yeah they're here, oh no, whatever did you go on birthright? No I went to visit family uncle lives there. My grandfather at the time so that um Gatsby entrance is leading me actually to back in time. The first time we got the Gatsby mm-hmm, and that was my [Laughter] [Laughter] wallet. I, don't even have I guess that says something about me right there. This thing shreds so hard cuz, everybody that doors pretty brave, [Laughter], [Applause], [Laughter], [Music], [Laughter], I, so feel. Shame we haven't explored that concept in a h3 video mm-hmm I wanted me I want to drive it like you're, just around I know like just yeah, didn't we have the idea to like get it in the road and get someone behind me to film me could still do that: a Hail Mary, no yeah. So my one of my worst moments was all the eating segments. Okay, um I specifically chose one Ethan, the beast [Laughter] sandwich, and someone said that was the first time they saw someone deep throat, [Laughter], hmm, the jiggler did not elicit that kind of reaction from that was better. That is viscera and I say immediately. Popeyes is about I, never expected that sandwiches, so Bob, no chick-fil-a. It looks okay baby! You had in mind: oh wait. No, you eat right, oh it's like I mean I won't go! Oh and it's legit spicy too, just because of the line that she somehow would drive to drool. For it, but this whole waiting any one more bite. Okay, this is my life. Okay, that crazy yeah. We had a real on-camera fight. Well, I, don't know those let out today RVs meat market, which was the thing which made me go vegetarian. So we knew do another food review guys so on the front on the front line was from like a crumpled paper bag, more diarrhea brown, pastrami Yeah right chicken. Are you gonna? Try, let's see what? No? No. It is very good. Yes, it wasn't really I was pretty down with it. It's not something like you can't order that twice, though, once in a while yeah it's one time, you're done, there was only one Arby's in all of Los Angeles that sold it to. We had the right amount. My last worst moment is one raesha Trisha Paytas and then it's fast revenge I think human yeah, but on a scale of attraction. No, you don't your hundred my type I can't say I'm front, I, know you're my immediate reaction, yeah I'm confused by that I've never been rated ten yella yeah. What would you rate them, but you wanted me to know: it's been yeah I think. Would you would you that was pretty fun if your advice and moved on, would you make a move on me? Yes, well, and let's bear in mind that in the same episode she said that she's, both trans and a lesbian and she's kind of forgotten about that whole thing. So so are you saying she doesn't think I'm a ten cuz I take that's the only thing. I have don't think that I won't apologize. Let me have that. That's it! Those are my moments. Next, dan, the man all right, well bless through this. How long we've been going? Sarah gonna be a long one. Just out of curiosity minutes, that's right, not good, not too bad I'm, not trying to wrap it up. Just here's, okay, so you're, my FirstBest and really after most of the credit, goes to Ethan, despite how he portrays it in this clip used to pray. This is your bad. Not your worst I mean it's funny, yeah. What's funny birth of a beautiful samba, yeah yeah, that's true! Fantastic was so good to make it clear. You were like spamming me: we have a discord that we use because recently deceased father, so no didn't want to do it. So I was like say it's a by you. I I did it and it was good. Then, of course, and I mean this is beyond best of 2019. This is Jeff. What that music? No it's! You recognize him yeah yeah. We found this on and the YouTube with the regular, but I mean this. Is the we go look at this by the way at the time it only had seven thousand how many oh girl look at Ison, the regular you got it yeah, the regular huh get 40 Wow. Look at that look what we did I'm 7,000! Why this this is this deserves alike and give that a like right now, but yeah, just the regular in general I mean this is the whole. The whole saga is really the best for me. You kidding me I want the regular Megillah. Maybe she might not not the regular smuggler. Were you kidding, I think the jacket comes off, so iconic I think they were nominated for Best ensemble at the streaming really really I think they won. No.1 is awful I'm not kidding [Applause] [Applause] [Music] I mean that could explain that to yourself when we initially stumble upon this, which amazed I mean. Did somebody send it to us, or did we just on that edit page, okay and immediately, we were both like this is the best thing I was like crying laughing it had it's like oh good, like below 10,000 views for like months before we you know gave it the bomb deserve, because now waiting, we weren't sure. If we're gonna make a video about it, we were oh, we kind of kept in yep and wow he's just like this. His whole being is the wrong wrong. I watch every day, yeah morning, ritual yeah yeah he's still tweets almost every day. The whole ritual I think this might be wave of the decade. We can't really say regular anymore. Oh yes, oh yeah, I find myself saying the SH Magilla say that too, like the Teddy, French theme and I forget yeah, alright, another fantastic moment- and maybe my favorite happened at all last year- was the Oliver tree episode well and the the Ethan versus all vaping joke. You said that is how many watts six six million you want to see. One more yes, I feel like that was entry level. I'm warming, not bad okay, that was pretty dope yeah, give it a little smoky enough. All right. Let's see what you got here, oh boy, we get a drumroll, hey I didn't get a drumroll; no, no, don't give him a drumroll the king seriously, though, can we get the drumroll and he's trying not to laugh I? Think can I get a countdown all right here we go cricket sounds off to Frank, get my drumroll yeah, dad or Zach this. This shows not as well as I thought [Music] he's hitting it hard he's, sucking it in I'm scared, I'm shaking this is a hard [Music] [Laughter] charge. This thing. No, that looks usually it's like that. You were trying to humor him a little bit yeah. There was good rapport he's good, but as an addendum to that, although because that not to toot my own horn, but we were having some technical difficulties. Sorry, sir all over trees and then my last my last greatest, the Ethan Bradberry regular thing made me laugh really hard, but nothing none laughing as hard. You already know it is. That's got to be a tough one that [ __ ] is so down the Treader eats the same way pauses while is eating man. This gets so bad entertainers. You don't blink, think about that. Why you choose [Music], something that almost feels like pornographic about yeah. There's someone jerking off to this? No! No! No! He can do that. That's insane! That's so much so dead. Really it's a beet red so insane, oh god, yeah! That was that fleeing great mom I. Remember my stomach, hurt me yeah and then and the worst part. One of my worst was the special cake that we made for Zach instead of frosting mayonnaise means masterpiece. Answer me now: Gant has a managed phobia. Yeah I mean after this I do. If you didn't before, you definitely do know, I didn't think it was that bad I was so close to throwing up the smell was what [Laughter] it was like. So wait just looking at it was like well yeah and it was just oozing. It wasn't really like frosting falls in shape, yeah, exactly there's a runny. We like melted, I, remember this lurks in here. I, don't want to show you taking a bite. I never took a bite of that. He did it, but you did eventually taste mayonnaise with the pie and all that good, which was bad, but the pump think about what the pumpkin pie wasn't. It was taller the smell of the cake oversaw a lot of mayonnaise on that cake. Yeah. No, it was, did you get disgusted? Yeah I mean I was like elbow deep in mayonnaise, but I would bring it past. Dan domestic how's, this looking so there's sort of a little compilation. I have going on here. So this is a compilation of me. [ __ ] up the doorway in walls which dam was the one who had to thanks. So this was the first the the first day, and you know this was one of your best because I'm responsible for fixing it. You know the traffic. If we take a Disney trip a company event again this year, we should bring the Gatsby I knocked the door off the hinges and then I can't blame you for this podcast Bobby Lee. We could have seen it coming before. There's already chaos, IMAX I'm pretty much not coming because wait. I just realized. There's a Getty image stamp on the poster. We can do anything and it's not really a joke, because Dan was just like oh yeah. I could probably you can see it just take a chunk that was the day after I fix and you wanted I remember one that you wanted it fully closed and to just slam it like. We still need to do that. Be amazing. Yeah it'd, be amazing. It's art I mean look at the door frame. It's art like Bobby, really [, __ ], it up I. Think there's actually like structural damage to the frame, yet I just want to hit the door I, don't think I'll hurt yeah well you're the neighborhood's act nobody's right. It would be awesome, I'm, like cool. We don't want to see that hello. You got we're here to entertain the beat ball. Okay, Zach is right. It would be awesome right, hell, yeah. Yes, all right! Cue Zach's got your back and that's it that wood that was get in there. Zach Zach Zach, Zach, Zach, Zach, Zach, Zach, yeah, okay I was just doing that to avoid there got dead air already. So I wanted to go through and talk about. From this past year, the most iconic soundbites angle I've become the sound by God like forth you're way over there. What's going on just yeah just bring it over there. Man dope, don't rip it like hesitate. Okay, so mobility, Mary, of course, corners. First time we watch this Dylan with that. The debut Kern I. Remember this one, oh my god, I'm on the edge of my seat. That's such a great sound bite. Well, there's no, like she's not doesn't have like she's the best where's mobility marry. Ah, we need to go on a quest to find her, but she lives in LA we half duel and this year 2020 make it our mission to find mobility marry and get her on the show she's in LA. You didn't really want to do that. Yes, you got a scooter off. You have an oh I might have an in what is the probability that I don't want to reveal too much on me? Okay, yes, I want to make that happen. That's a big goal you have in here dan says he has n I'll. Tell you after the show. Well, we need to get a skirt lead. Yeah I got a scutella, we okay, good I, know a guy who knows a guy who cut off the exchange insurance. Okay, let's see what you got there you go. Just saw the birth of the DD mega doodoo somebody [Music], so crazy, complete that fallen officer. What way to honor her by calling our DD mega dude yeah, and then we got the human version of Kermit. The Frog see this one I, love and I feel like people haven't responded very also. Lance sounds like Kermit, the Frog and I just love. You guys I mean she's wearing a gold in this video. He starts talking immediately after that and sounds nothing like fantastic moment, and then we have another great song by mr. littles and is my is fantastic lolz. Apparently, this guy from the highlight called Roseanne, has a low IQ, stirred a little controversy. So this guy was just like hey dude. You know [ __, ], you or whatever for saying that [ __ ] about my boy to my bike back. So this is what he thinks. There's always street cred who says get out get out of. How did he never get busted for that he's so trashy geek, his girlfriend's driving [ __ ] he's like flaunting a [ __ ] gun? How is he not? But what is he asking him to get out of get out, get out? Shoo, there's a strangest way to speak right, get out. He thinks he's like tough, but no, it depends on the context and they're in there outside yeah they're outside so get out. I guess would be to get in Wow who Jerry Seinfeld over here, get out yeah get in and to round up. Are you guys watching curb? Did you like it? Wasn't it just absolutely amazing I have a feeling that anything wasn't like even well. I got more into it, loving it. The last the last half I liked the first half I felt like I, don't like when Larry is doing things that are so ridiculous. Okay, like when you just grab the selfie, stick and broke it over his knee. Isn't it what you all want to do? You know what I mean, but it wasn't there. Larry David wasn't always like that it was, he was character, was realistic and now I feel, like he's, become such a caricature, but it's not like he's not like a real person anymore he's just like mr. Magoo he's a my kind of did. I I couldn't watch last season. I felt like it like it caved in on itself to elevated his gift. There was two being picked a lot right, big cartoon yeah, the fossil. Ah, you didn't like the photo yeah the whole the whole last I. Don't know you like the pickles. It felt like our pickles him doing what we think. Larry David should be doing it. So much I, don't know yeah I agree, but that being said, I did enjoy it. I I, like the whole premise that they're that they're building yeah I thought it was one of the best episodes of care, but I've ever seen, I'll check it out really yeah I thought it was just the whole episode. The timing of it was just I mean: are they usually an hour long yeah cuz I was like yeah, it's a lot of content. What do you guys laughing about just everything's? A disease is the greatest yeah I like gee I. Don't you know a lot of [ __ ] knows X the best I like to remain positive. I know you and I love you for it. I'll take it as a compliment opposed that Larry David will put out right now. Would you David ela he's too old he's like I feel like he would [ __ ], Larry David, but age aside, I do think that he looks good for his age, Wow it'll ex the way he dresses like 40 years. He actually look worse because his hair was all crazy right. Larry David's, the only man who threatens my marriage, no but like in his prime, but in his prime. He wasn't as attractive. No, he looks better now. Why is he too old love knows known his own age, okay, moving on so Ian this one's about you, okay, this is for it to close up my best. What this good I thought we could talk about the origin of probably the most played soundbite that I play yeah the bane of aunt's existence, kind of like the beginning of all sound bites on this body, yeah the genesis, how you talk to me I'm doing a piece Zach. What about your good and at first like that was the first time right yeah. That was the first time, though it was March, 1st 2019. Oh, we were like oh yeah well and then it was off because we like why yeah, but it just kind of worked out I won that whenever I was drinking that water that day I had no idea. One of the NA meetings would never be the same. That's right and for my worst I mean can't Cheers much worse than there we go. Origen, yes, I mean I. Haven't watched this back, so three bike, I mean this is pretty and those bikes are so big into a corner. Yes, big game, I think no. Thank you, yeah I'm, not trying to take anything away from your treatment. Thank you. Wait who someone else came in and hit the mayonnaise and was saying they did better than that. You did great yeah. That was I, know you're. All you still have like 3/4 left, but not not I. Don't want it to slow it down too much. Also, don't you get what you get 1/5 bites once it I was sitting right next to you and I. You felt like I. Couldn't really those you amazing that I'm I'm impressed I, don't know if we can show which this did end in disaster? Yes, I we ended. The show I was on my way home I felt like this gurgling in my spine, my [ __ ] gut my girlfriend was coming over and I'm like I need to go to the bathroom I go in the bathroom and I just throw up straight mayonnaise Oh, whose strain was wife like male and that the taste was made, causing me to puke even more vicious cycle. So you probably picked out a lot yeah and you puked in the toilet, yeah and what it looked like wow. It was just it looked like the spit to tell you the truth. It was like the face and I hadn't eaten anything like all day and are you are you off man? Why do we even do that it was he thought he could do it right. So we worried something right. Okay, now are you off mayonnaise and horsey sauce or has not fazed you I've stopped eating. Arby's can't do our Ruiz anymore. Well, why are you eating Arby's now regularly stole our bees like or deal with the meat Mountain [ __ ]? But the mayor is fine. Mayo is fine, but not you know spoonfuls well, yeah, that's very understand about potato salad. Okay, there's like two things: I won't eat. Three things tell us cream cheese. What that's weird tomatoes, that's more cottage cheese! What Oh in Greek yogurt for so we're gonna blend all those together, oh great, when I'm with you on that tomato? Oh, it's disguise! Will you eat it on a sandwich cooked like rosetta Lake with mozzarella salsa? It's also so close again brush to my cottage cheese, water, Greek, yogurt, okay, so we're gonna blend all the for those I would eat that. Have you had good cottage and you still don't like it? I hate it I hate I! Would, if I blended those and put it on toast I'd be a great meal. Oh, let's see smoothie how much to drink. Good yeah sounds good. How they drink the spit. Tell you the truth. Are you [ __ ] I cannot swim smell, so Greek yogurt to the ultimate I. Like super, my yeah that, like you're running fine right, Oh disgusting I, hate it, but no my mom used to buy him and I would throw him over. Like my backyard, cuz I couldn't like yeah like she. Is it the fact that the neighbor's yard yeah there's living bacteria and it just the smell. It smells like a goat's ass hole like okay, good to know good to know: I hate, cream, cheese, everybody. What about cheese days, I like cheese, good, yeah, there's, cream cheese, I, know, layer, looks like but I'll eat, I'll eat, I'll, eat, locks, you're, writing and I. Think we should all like put on party hats and eat it on toast and like just be really enjoying it and then Zacks like puking I mean that's blended, together yeah like a liquidy we drink. No, it would be like a spread. I think it would be pretty thick no I feel like the Greek yogurt I can't shake. It depends how much you put in I guess so a shake out! I think we should all do it and see how well we fare I. Think so too. I think that would be the funniest cuz Zacks just gonna be dying and we're all gonna be enjoying ourselves. You wait, you would try that you would try that yeah up for it I mean I was great I, don't agree. That sounds great, but it doesn't sound bad stuff. You like cottage cheese, yeah, okay, so you like cream cheese. Yes, you like Greek yogurt, yes, yeah, that's fine and tomato I can tolerate, say you go me. None of it sounds awful. Okay, good! We got the thank you for sharing sounds like my. But do you have any have Mayo's as your food foe, but you have any other like a big one, really yeah I, don't like blue cheese dressing like a blue cheese? Okay, it's disgusting! There's am! You could see mold on I, wonder who eats this? It's like it's literally rotting trash, so good! Well, that's what cream cheese I'm just weird like that cheese is like the best food, a bad one, shovel it in my mouth bro. Could you eat it on the spoonful? Yes, I. Do it's all good bro, a spoonful of cream cheese? Yes, yeah I mean I, guess yeah, it's pretty no problem. Would you if I already phobia not really just whatever I like? Basically, if a man, if you give me like this, shake that we're talking about or a pizza I might go for the shake this cottage yeah yeah she [ __, ] hates you just say to me: I, don't hate you I, just I, don't I might flip out. Don't you find it strange that somebody could even say don't care about pizza that much? Actually my girlfriend told me she doesn't like pizza either. That's sick! That's a mental! That's a red flats on a marriage illness! That's on American, yeah I, just find it so laylee yeah! It's such a blanket there's the variety of pizza. You can go, love it so say: I, don't like most of it because most of it is like you wanted a house. It's really good. Isn't there there's one right down the street? That's fantastic! So we eating that for dinner night! Yes or no is the window open yeah make sure it's no I love cream, cheese, I, love, cottage cheese. Yeah me too sounds great yeah I agree. If I came in here with like two big things of cream cheese and a spoon, could you eat the whole yeah I could yeah that's cheese. I could eat the whole thing. Well, if I couldn't it's just because it's not from being grossed out it's just a lot. Yeah I could easily eat a whole thing, cream, cheese or cottage cheese. In fact, I found a really good cause. She you know in Israel they make the best cottage cheese. It has a lot of fat. So it's a lot thicker and we found one. That's that's actually close to what they sell in Israel. That's so fantastic, it's so delicious, I'm sure you'll hate it. Probably because you don't even like cream cheese, but I'll bring that in it's really good. Oh okay, I'll try. It do. I, have a food wheat, neck weakness, I! Think just like shellfish is my food weak, but it doesn't. It's not gonna. Make me like I, yeah, I, just think it's gross like shellfish, it's just disgust or shrimp lobster, although it is like the most heinous thing to eat. It's like a livers, the worst chopped, liver, chop or no, no, no chopped liver is not as bad is, like a straight-up grilled liver. No, that's disgusting! That's like more! Like a heart, any of the organs, the heart the lungs people eat all this [ __ ] I'm, not down yeah mmm, but I. Don't think I'm think that's unusual here in America anyway, we like to just we like to just put that in a hotdog or throw it out, you sell it to Mexico I. Think it's great! You should eat the whole animal. It's [, __, ] up that I am so repulsed by that, but I'll eat the end, the threatened muscle. You know bad I mean that's just as gross, and one of the main dishes is like liver over mashed potatoes kind of good. Your sister goes so beast mode. She loves like chicken hearts, she'll go to restaurant order, chicken hearts and she just is like be smoting yeah. They make it had like grill like kebab place, yeah and she's, just eating hearts and livers, and I'm and I'm like this is I was like this is too much yeah she's a gnarly dude. What about pigs feet? Would you guys? No, no Bobby, no dude hell, oh yeah I, know but I want to eat pigs feet. That's hard! Do you guys, eat pork? I guess eat pork, but I'm. Not it's not my go to me. Bye means you know what else we got here. Oh that's! It are you do your worst yeah all right! Thank you that in Zack Zack and then push push it in. Let's go I! Wait. You think pizza tonight ela, you guys don't care just so you one thing that I'm like hating, you good you promotional, prisoner, whatever it takes to get pizza. Alright! So oh yeah for this one! This was like the hardest I'd ever seen. You laugh as up to this point working here, so yeah iconic video man. It's amazing his head shoots up at like a thousand miles. How painful must there's a frame missing with each loop Wow yeah for bringing that that was a good one? That's a great clip! Yes fantastic! You guys fix the logo. You took the white part out, we do yeah, it looks better yeah, okay, okay! So for this one this was a Halloween when we all kind of debuted our costumes. Here. This is a great job. Okay, Oh j-just gloves. Do they fit? Are they too small on you, they're too big they're, too big I, don't know what that means. Well, oj is obviously an alleged murderer. He was acquitted in court, but he did lose in civil court. So I think we can all pretty much make a informed decision that he is a murderer good for you, you love now, I want to show up. You want to. You guys want to come, make an appearance too cuz. Your guys is your outfits. Are, let's cut the Zac so cuz? He can't really move. Oh my god. You guys amazing. This was all you guys, yeah yeah, so it was like. Oh can we appreciate that you have an authentic brazo poster yeah. That's amazing Dan brother. It was a I'm so anxious now there so I feel like the gaze of mere code. Straight am I saying a little lip twitch. You want to read. What's on the sign behind, you is pretty funny. Mm-Hmm go ahead. Come on every time you turn off I, get anxious. I'm gonna read it for Zach. You shouldn't from me looking like a thousand percent damn. What do we got from you? Brad? That's such a perfect shirt. That's perfect is that raw, and then we had where's the ring clicking on the glass. Then you have to scream like a like. You know a dying animal, because you do look really good cuz, you look when I saw down other employee. You want to do the line. This is definitely me when I'm on camera anyways the Halloween Oh fantastic effort. We talked about little Nos. This was actually sound by origin as well. I played my edit Ethan was very impressed. Yo I got it I, really gotta tap your editing skills Wow we go back. I didn't realize. That was the origin of that moment. I got to tap your editing skills this year, I'm gonna make a HD, video and IANS gonna edit. It you walk. That was part of the conditions of you becoming an employee. Was that in the contract? No, but as as a result of that, then there was kind of this whole thing where you had beef with rapper little Tracy is little Tracy. A big deal he's like popular he's got a cult fanbase. Why did you tell me to keep my name out of your mouth? Grandpa? You don't remember no he's John rabe and we were talking about like how do people were doing similar things. So we are saying that if Old Town Road seemed like a ripoff of little Tracy and I said no yeah, you said little Tracy was like he needed to just deal with it. Okay and then he called you a grandpa he's awesome, he's 23 and to his twitter solaris, and I rebooted him as I loved one of his doggy. Let's check am I him rat beef right now, [Laughter] yeah I have to get a more beef with the more rappers this year. Oh yeah. This is the year beef, yeah, you're, the beef and then worse worse. Let's not forget it's time to the contract is not in fact a good faith effort. Yes, okay, and we both agree that he will be the arbiter of this agreement. Okay, deal accept, okay, but rather must be hard upon, wrote this contract to this country, yeah, not dependent on stabilized Astros or glower stable. What are we talking about? What's the context, you guys stop talking about everything if I eat, mayonnaise The, Bachelor, yeah, The, Bachelor segment, yeah, the contract is still about on all points mostly remain here, -. That's, so is it just the way that it did this for you or in retrospect the bachelor? The whole thing is just got dicey, you're, arguing like every week, stressful. For me, it wasn't really I liked the process. I thought it was entertaining I think you went behind our backs and ruined the [ __ ] show because you found true love. What are you throwing out all right, I forgot. We made you eat mail, so to make payment for the contracts, hey a bunch of mayo and yeah, and so we gave him this tiny little jar, but you actually well. Let's watch oh I closed it! No, but tell me about the process. You ate a bunch of it. You didn't made a valiant effort, yeah and then afterwards not walk me through that you guys left. This was like about an hour and a half later we were doing the highlights and then I ran off to the bathroom and same thing. Zack said where'd that you feel the taste as it comes out yeah and then that makes more come out and the way it look like and then in the in the bowl, I I think I said it looked like like, like the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man was like murdered in that bad, like a crime scene. The thing you guys do for the show. A lot of mayo related worsts last year was very male. Let's make last year the year, the male yeah but ya, know the whole segment got dicey. So it was my worst but kind of also my best, ultimately yeah. Let me ask you this question: shall we continue this series The Bachelor, because we have a candidate, so we'd reveal the candidate yeah, something you guys should we do another season, I think so I thought it was great. What what you tinge has reserves tell me it was. It was a disaster last time yeah we got true love at the end. Well, that was the problem is cuz and now you guys get why I was so I was fighting you on that, because I like new, when I was talking to this person. That I was like. Oh, this is the person and then I didn't want it. You know that was kind of a I understand that yeah I could feel it, and so that was the struggle, but I talked to the person who you're considering for mm-hmm and they seemed like I'm down there and they're willing they're. Definitely a fully willing participant, yeah. Well, first of all, I didn't want conservative feel like it was entertaining okay, that's doing and second of all, I love. We do I. Do the drama is great. Well, anyway, the person I think we already said is Ellis brother he's a he's a little bit older right, then in so it'll be interested to see what kind of candidates will get, because he's he's 43 or something right, not gonna, improve him dating someone too young. What 43 is that right deal he's something like that. 42 he's very successful. He drives a Porsche he's. He looks youthful he's extraordinary, successful, he's very talented, extremely talented artist, nice much like the current bachelor. He was a pilot too right. That's true, good point. Anyone who's watching The Bachelor! So what's the cutoff, then, if he's less age 42, what 30 30 is a good color I mean over 30 I would even say I hate to do this to you, but I'll, say 28, I, think 30, because if you're 28 you're pretty mature I feel like okay, 28 or not 28, okay 28, you said he's 42 yeah that whole I mean not that this is like a real thing, but there's that whole formula well yeah. What is the formula it's supposed a half your age plus 7, which would be 28? Oh wow, the formula 28 felt good to me, so I think we got to do it I think we should. Why don't we start? Let's pull up a picture of him, so that we need to formally announce this with some capacity, but I mean this is buried. Yeah yeah this is buried. You said you talked to him in his he's. In he's like do we get to film the dates yeah? Of course man. That's the whole point. We never got that far with you. He looks like Jesus and his name is Moses. Let's see some picture where's a nice photo of him, not that this one's weird do the one that one this one's great, because he actually played Jesus yeah. This is his art. By the way the water did alright. What about the want? The water there? You can get a good look at him. What this one? No up and look to the left, this one yeah wow, that's a good one of him! I wanted to show. Where was it? Oh, they go on the left. Look at this Jesus say: he's gonna save your soul. So there you go I just Jim, so that's Moses. We call them holy Moses. Those that know him best, call him Chico. For short, oh you can't call him. Chico I mean I. Just wouldn't really introduce him by that name: Moses yeah Moshe in Hebrew yeah holy Moses holy Moses. We call him I, guess I, guess people if they want. You know if they want to. First of all show interest include and from email us at podcast at h3. Reproduction comm include your name, your age. Where you live, we need photos. We need a little bit about yourself. I mean come on we're date. This is dating. Do we want to limit it to LA because less than No? Okay? She isn't your girl. Your true love is not no, they yeah, that's true! No, we don't want to live it totally. We take all applicants you in the country, though, and you're not international application. Canada else except Canada, that's pretty close. Yeah I accept Canada. Although that's that's complicated, you know cuz if they do fall in love, how they gonna make that work 90 day, fianc yeah, yeah, okay, Canada's accepted that's, we get our arse far spin-off yeah. So we'll have to talk about this again on Friday to make sure we penetrate the masses. Cuz, like Dan, said, nobody's watching yeah. Well, that's it right! Yeah! That's it! 2019 was a hell of a year. I think you guys, you guys are the best. I can do without you guys. We have so already some two exciting guests on the book. Also Gus Johnson yeah. We have Gus coming up. Why don't we announced calendar? Whatever you know we got them we got next week is next week is PewDiePie PewDiePie, Thursday and then I think Gus is Friday, I! Think we Friday okay, yeah John's right around the corner. Ah yeah, that's the following week: yeah and then a little bit further out. I, don't think we have it locked down quite yet, but Oliver tree is coming back right for another visit and then there's a few others on the work but uh but yeah. Those are the only ones that are like confirmed one so far said good good stuff on the horizon. Yeah absolutely well guys that rats a wrap for today so we'll see you on Friday or well. Saturday I keep [ __ ] that up we record on Friday we upload on Saturday and we'll see you then so until then, be good stay good to your mother, be good to your mother. Huh! Don't don't make me, don't make me! What did you say? Are you out of your rabid-ass mind, come on I got a call from your mother, yeah I! Don't want to hear from your mother again. Alright, alright guys take care of Tata [Music] [Music].