Hey poppy here, it's Papa, John and you're. Listening to the h3 podcast go Ethan go ela! Welcome everybody to the first episode of the h3 quarantine experience mean ela are locked securely in our apocalypse bunker. Here we had Dan slave away to build us, this beautiful home studio to shoot the Pug. That's because the show must go on what song is that keep going? Oh I, don't know why you didn't ring a bell for me. No Dan did a wonderful job coming here and putting this together. You know we weren't planning on doing this. We wanted to do our social distancing, unfortunately had Bert Kreischer, who I love his new special is out. He was coming to promote that which is on Netflix yeah, but let's promote it anyway, yeah, that's what I'm kind of doing what it's called like: Big Boi or some [ __ ]. Was it it's on that I just I mean just like Bert Kreischer on Netflix. You know it's probably on your homepage anyway, but um I was very much looking forward to that. He I mean he's he's one of the greatest guests, funniest guy, but we had to say it was just getting too crazy out there. It's so crazy and it's only getting crazier every day. Yeah everything is closing yeah, it's it's. You know, and I figure, there's so many people at home right now. The time to work is now the time to entertain to work like our kind of yeah. Yes, entertain the people, we must keep more out hi. That is our duty to society. Keep the morale high or in or in some cases, keep them around low, which I also have that effect on people as well. So how do you feel about sweating, the curves Podcast flatten, the curve you want to rename with that uh? Hmm I, like it yeah catchy flatten the curve baby, so uh Oh. Today's episode is sponsored by kaptara Thank, You Sara, the official sponsor of the apocalypse. No, we love kaptara. They would never respond to the apocalypse Oh. Unfortunately, PewDiePie was actually. He was meant to come into the studio two day, which is crazy because I just said: Bert was no, but but actually I'm. Just getting mixed up. Pewdiepie was supposed to be on today and because of the quarantine and all the laws and restrictions in California I had to cancel the episode. We're just totally crazy because he's out here just for the show, it's unbelievable I know it's on it's so coincidental, so I have my deepest condolences to PewDiePie for having to bump him. Today it wasn't my fault, it was the quarantine, but we will have him on as soon as we can I think next week, he'll call in via Skype, okay, but ela can I share. My current mood with you, Sharon I, saw this on Instagram and I was like. Oh man, there's like I've, seen several things like the they say, the war horses of the Apocalypse. They say, there's like 4 Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Ok, so one of them is this video that just popped up in my feed like yesterday or three days ago, yeah man when this when this guy doesn't smile. It trips me out: do you think he's doing this because the apocalypse him commenting on current events right he's like bro, listen, I got a chop. I got a chopped cabbage right now, but I'm not gonna, be happy about it. Just get a look at this man, cz and Buraq will be fine. Dude. Is that his resting face, though cuz he or is he looking sad thing is the resting face is smiling right. Dot things are dire when C's Ian's not smiling liesl chopping, uh chopping the day he stops chopping, then we'll know we're really not sure. So that was one Horsemen of the Apocalypse. The other Horsemen of the Apocalypse was uh. Let me find this other one. This video of Sarah Palin on Dancing with the Stars, was the other Horsemen of the Apocalypse, which I am currently unable to find. This may not be able to find. It is the third Horseman of the Apocalypse. Oh here it is so I'm gonna have to mute this one. Please don't autoplay, please don't autoplay, please don't how to play. Don't hit me. Don't play me like. Don't do me dirty like that? Okay, I got it so. Oh it's big, it's it's! A I got big butts and I cannot lie. That's what she's doing so here comes sailor, Sarah Palin, who was once upon a time almost our vice president and the governor of Alaska here on Dancing with the Stars - I like big butts and I, cannot lie, I mean what I mean they must I mean god I guess they must pay them just enough for this to be worth it. I, don't know it's like, so not age-appropriate. This is like I would even feel too old to wear that. Well, what they it's like. They scientifically calculate this to humiliate them as much as possible, and they must pay them. They must just pay them enough to make embarrassment and like how much could they be paying a couple hundred thousand or something like that? No way you get anyone on stage, that's probably good paycheck yeah what I go into a new starts for 200,000 yeah, consider or not yeah. It's in my wheelhouse I. Do it for less I. Do you wear this kind of spice? It's not up to me. They're, like okay, like oh, you thought you were coming here to be funny and do your bit: no here's an outfit that is gonna. They figure it out scientifically to how to humiliate and the most yeah. That's definitely an apocalypse video. So this is the second Horsemen of the Apocalypse God. You do you remember the Sarah Palin thing you were in America at the time, but no I don't but I only know the situation. Video with her daughter, oh yeah, this logic so Sarah Palin Mike, are not my pence. Longa Rangga, Republican, John McCain, who recently passed away, was running for president and many people think that's ultimately the demise of his campaign. He picked Sarah Palin for his VP, which was just pretty I, mean I, guess they crunched the numbers and they like the what it did, but it was weird cuz. A lot of people was like the Sarah Palin horn, going around Oh God. There was like Sarah Palin, look-alikes and, like I mean everywhere, it was all Sarah Palin portent for like a year, but the thought of her being president. If John McCain like bid it. So that's Sarah Palin shout-out to her, so that was the second, so it we're the apocalypse is clearly upon us and those are the I've only found two. Unfortunately, so those are the two I've found ya, but ya know ya there. You go good observation, you know, but we are on quarantine, Teddy, fresh, basically, we've shut it down. I mean we sent over our employees home yeah and see what it's like every day becomes worse like at first, we said: okay, no working from the office and we're like well, maybe some stores at the mall are gonna close cuz. We also sell to zoomies, but online will probably continue and then now it's like online is probably gonna close too cuz. You know it's only a matter of time before people can't go shipping stuff or packing stuff right. Well, our fulfillment service, who does the shipping for us they're in a they're in a big warehouse so right now our website is online, but I'm, assuming it's only a matter of time before I think that I think the state will eventually issue a mandate ordering everyone to close. In fact, one of our manufacturers in Orange County was just issued a mandate by the county that they have to stop, which also I starting to work with them was another way of trying to help the situation cuz. We were almost doing everything in China at the time like a few months back, and we started to think like how can we get out of China and diversify ourselves, and also just work with other places? Do some stuff here in other countries, and so we found this great place here for printing t-shirts and anything printables, and so we were like okay, if China is closing because of the virus, we still got this place. You're gonna be fine. They're closed. Thank you I gotta, say I called it. I said when this should start. First of all, people need to if this is nothing else other than this means nothing else other than that people need to listen to me more right everywhere. Around the world, I mean every single human being. Sometimes yes, but I mean a lot of people were accusing me of fear-mongering I. Did a podcast episode this on a lot of a long time ago about you need to be more and everyone thought I was crazy and I, but I have to say, I didn't expect it even I was getting a little concerned with you, because you were like on Twitter all day and you started to look like one of those conspiracy, people and sending everyone links like look at this. Look at this. It's gonna be crazy and everyone was like whatever it's fine we're in America. We got this yeah, but it definitely sounded awful like nothing about it sounded. You know made up, but it was just so it's crazy to believe it's far-fetched yeah. But the thing is that there's this paradox when it comes to pandemics, it's like when the appropriate time to react when you react accordingly, it seems to the general public and everyone that you're overreacting and it's ridiculous and you're irresponsible. But then, when it's too late to react, then, when everyone wants to react, it's already way too late to contain it. So that's that is an inherent problem with responding to pandemic. It's hard to react to something you haven't seen. You know like well, even now, people are flipping about it, they go and then they say in the United States uh there's only one or two hundred deaths like whoa I mean the experts are predicting that there's going to be a million plus a million to five million deaths in the United States. Depending on depending on how many hospital beds we can make available. How many? What do you could the breathing apparatus, the APUs? What do you call? Those I've been reading a million times anyway, the things that help you breathe when you can't breathe for yourself, because the lungs is what this particular virus does. So it all depends on on, like the whole point of the quarantine is to like, as you said, flatten the curve flatten the curve. Too many people get sick at one time the hospitals get slammed and then, basically that's when the mortality rate goes from like 1% up to like you know, because they can't treat people right, people who should who'd be easy to keep them alive and treat them or all the sudden. They don't have access to a hospital bed or breathing apparatus, and then it's like up there dead for no reason and then the other problem is when all these breathing apparatuses are in use and all the hospital beds are full I mean. There's people like let's say: there's no virus. There's people who need that care already who are who are now not gonna, be able to get it yeah. So it's it turns into a really a cluster, a mother-effing cluster F for some reason, I feel like I. Don't want to curse in this room, but in the pot I'll curse like a all day long. Is it because we're home and Theodore is here? It could be something I think it's something about being home does really, but I was like, like I was like mother I. Don't know why this feels like a more wholesome place. Yeah. So you know, I have I have a chronic cough, as many of you have noticed throughout the years. But now it has steel. Vaughn pointed out on Twitter Krishna coughing is the new N word, so I feel like I'm, the most racist male alive, because I have this chronic coughing I feel I'm. Sorry, it's not. The fire I have a chronic condition, but I even start getting a my own head and I'm and I start coughing. Like the other day, I started coughing and we were. We were moving all this [ __ ] down into into this room to set up the podcast and I started. Sweating I was feeling warmth and I was like oh [, __ ], so I went upstairs and I took my temperature yeah. It's like you get on your head. My temperature was fine. 102 102 was my temperature, which is the normal time no I'm just kidding 98. So you know it's a series, and this is just surreal what it is so just weird all of a sudden I'm talking to my mom in Israel and we're all in the same boat. You know what I mean it's so weird like she's. Usually things will be different, I, don't know whatever we're dealing with here, she's not dealing with there, and now it's like I'm calling her and she's like what do we do? I'm at home, I can't go anywhere. She wants. She wanted to go to my sister, because she has three little kids, so she wanted to hang out with them and my sister was like: no, you can't come I, don't want you to come cuz, it's too dangerous for you. Well, so yeah wish my mom was that safe. My mom's, like has all these pre-existing conditions. She's like she's, like the perfect person of when they say people who are old and with pre-existing conditions need to stay at home. She's the exact person they're talking to- and she goes you know she went to do. She went to Kay uh, TJ, Maxx, yeah, TJ, Maxx she's, like don't worry, I was wearing gloves and a mask. I was like you're gonna die, you were gonna, die, see people don't take it seriously, but unfortunately the people who were all flipping about it. Now, in two or three weeks when thick, when the cases are Max and the mortality rate is going up, then all the sudden people are going to understand that it's actually very serious and by that time all the people went out to the bars and the restaurants. You were trying to party and be like if the corona parts I'm young and I'm American they're gonna, realize just how dangerous what they, what they did, what yeah but it'll, be too late. They're already caused the harm, but but in a way I can't I can't blame them in a way because it's just stuff, it's inconceivable right and it's it's so hard to put everything on pause and not leave the house all of a sudden like it's just so crazy, it's so hard to really come to terms with what it really means. Like you think, okay I won't go to work, but then there's like this other thing that you're used to doing for some people. It's the gym. People are like well, I could still exercise right and that's like no. You can't not do anything well. Luckily, for me everything I don't leave the house. Oh right, it's kind of good thing the coffee is not disrupted at all. I can totally see what you're saying totally and you know, I was listening to a podcast with these scientists and they're, saying, there's anything good that comes out of this. It's that this is a dress rehearsal for the real one, because this one real one there could be a pandemic and that's equally contagious. That has a 60% mortality rate. What that will just destroy society because well what I'm saying is that this? That kind of people have been drumming the are people blasting the siren and science community saying the epidemic is inevitable. We have to prepare for a pandemic really, but because of our lack of imagination of foresight and I. Think global warming is the same thing. We know it's coming, but it's just not real enough and all of a sudden when it smacks you in the face, you can't react so the potential for a pandemic. That's just as contagious as this with a 60% mortality rate. It's possible and these pandemics seem to be happening like once. Every 100 years, the last one that happens like the span in nineteen, something 1912 or some [, __, ] I, don't know the exact date, but I hope that we as a society can learn and prepare for this. But I just don't know in a hundred years if people will still I feel it for 20 years. Maybe it's like World War, two, the world wars. It's like everyone was so guarded and, and they were so appreciative of the trauma that the world went through, but now 19 you know, 1939 is when the war started or 1942. You know how long has it been now 60 80 years, so it's like people start to get over it. You start to see these tensions boiling again. We forget the lessons we learn because people who lived and died for that we're incapable of caring that I guess they might do like an international day of remembering what happened yeah. But how long is that last for World War, two as well yeah, you see the same conflicts flaring up now, right, I! Guess it's just it's the nature of the nature of being human. Exactly what you do so ultimately I mean I, don't know what to do, because I oughta me that I feel like are inherent. It's inevitable, that we just forget it's like when you're sick with the fever right and it's so awful, the worst thing ever and then, when you're, better. Two weeks later, you completely forget what it's like to be sick, yeah and so I think I think it's gonna end up being our demise, unfortunately, is that we can't remember the trauma. We can't remember the trauma in it. It's kind of great you know cuz. If you you, gotta, be able to function on a daily basis, if you remember all the trauma and everything, that's a very good part of our survival. Probably that's very that's absolutely a good observation, but ultimately, what do you I? Don't know it's skip, but date. Those have scared. The freaking crap out of me when they were like yeah I, can't I can't hang with those scientists people first of all, the way they think they're so aware of everything. Yeah, like this other potential of a way worse flu I've, been thinking about opening I can I, don't wanna, know that stuff. You know what I mean I'm trying to leave my life. Well, you know I'd rather not know. Remember the first time you learned that, like an asteroid, could just wipe out all life on Earth all right like a gamma-ray burst, you know about gamma-ray bursts. No, when a star blows up it shoots gamma rays, which is the most powerful single beam of energy in the whole universe, there's a chance that a beam crosses earth and will just vaporize all of Earth yeah. No warning not nothing to do it. Just watch this, if even they've, even theorized, that it's already happened and that accounts for one of the massive stations that had happened on earth. Well, I, just I, don't know cuz, you could at the same way it's or at the same time you could also just walk down the street and someone will run into you and you'll die so like what are you supposed to do with this information? You know what I mean yeah I think well for them. Well, that's a little different mean for them. They just want to see Society humanity as a species being smarter about preserving our own fate. Yeah no I mean I, don't mean to disregard scientists, I think they're. Well, we don't have we're just plebs. Do they're annoying like I wish that our government would only listen or them right now. Our government, the people who are in charge of us, need to listen to these people and prepare accordingly. You know not our job on with what the hell yeah I'm an entertainer goddammit I'm here to entertain and make you fearful well quarantine, so happy quarantine, everybody all of our employees are being paid by the way, just stupid, throw that out there everyone's working from home and we're paying everybody throughout the quarantine and by the way that made us think about people are now losing their job like. What are you supposed to? Do you? All of a sudden, you have grandparents that are still do I, don't know it's just insane yeah. If I was um, there's a lot of people in Hollywood, cuz Hollywood works on all this freelance work right now, guys and video guys and like guys, and they all go from gig to gig now everything's shut down and these poor guys have no no income. All of a sudden and I'll be honest. There's I mean III, don't even know how long this could last I don't think it's gonna be a couple works I, I personally, think it's gonna be a couple of months. There are people are gonna, be in their [ __ ] houses, Oh II just did that for I. Take it back, and you should listen to me. Cuz I'm, right all the time right, ela I was right. A my fear. I was right. Even my brother who's, a know-it-all thought I was acting crazy, but you know what it was about this virus. That scared me was the fact that it was contagious right. While you were asymptomatic. That was that's. What more like this week's? Yes, that's. What makes this virus so so contain so tricky and hard to do I mean they say we're all gonna, get it already percent 80% pretty much everyone. You know the UK they're like UK may have had a worst response to it than than the you know. United States, the UK goes we're just gonna do herd immunity because we can't possibly stop the wave flatten the curve. So we just want everyone to get infected and then you become immune so like just go out, do your thing with your life and then they're like then they realized a few days ago. They're like this is awful. We can't do this Wow, it's good, it's gonna be catastrophic. So then they quarantine everyone but boy. They really messed that one up. You know what's funny you're saying that, like your mom is having the same experience as you, I was thinking. Usually when there's this level of catastrophe in the United States. You expect all these terrorists, like celebrating in [, __, ], big, the terror, sir they're also getting sick yeah this it's amazing because it affects everyone. The same exact way and we were like. Doesn't matter if you have money or you don't I mean I, guess it does in a way cuz. If you have money, you can still pay rent, but regardless of that, you get sick from it. You get sick, you stuff to quarantine as well. You still can't do anything. Yeah, there's no rich managed force. Oh yeah doesn't matter what religion you are. You know it's funny. Last week, I was like I want to have a quarantine free episode. I don't want to talk about the corona virus. I just want to entertain the people, but now we're in our basement. Everybody. Everybody is stuck in their house in the whole freaking world. How do you not we're? Not it yeah, you guys want my heart aches, anyways, let's be honest and don't even get me started on Trump I'm, just kidding I'm, not gonna, go there. No politics! Actually I'm I'm I have to say I'm I'm kind of proud of Trump this week, because he has actually expressed his eagerness to adopt Sir Andrew Yang's policy of new bi yeah of giving he reportedly he's on board with the idea of giving every American $1,000 a month or more I heard. That's the figure I heard I heard. Other people float 2,000 a month. That's a lot! That's all people need it. I mean that that's amazing, I'm saying I can live, lay it even a dozen doesn't pay you're right, no, not even close, but I'll buy you food. You know this. The thing is they suspended their I. Think the president said that they're suspending eviction and and mortgage defaults for the time being so nobody's gonna, get kicked out of their house at the very least for now yeah it's gonna be tough because, like Andrew Andrew Young was talking about how, if you're getting now, and that even when the virus is over, you still have that that you know it's just gonna really. Well, we top. We have to figure that out yeah, we gotta figure that out. You know you know, and I and I keep hearing these like the airline businesses complaining, they're gonna go out of business, [ __ ], the airline business. If you're irresponsible, can't run your business, but our businesses aren't going out of business. These guys been making billions of dollars it's because their cost is insane. So if they don't fly, they can't maintain it. I've heard it's because they've been buying their own stocks back and they've been price gouging, making a shitload of money and they're here and they've been investing it irresponsibly, I'm sure their costs are high. I, don't I! Just think that they cannot. It's not like. You can just float in a company like that without actually flying and making I don't know they make a lot of money. Well, the thing is you: have the planes landed? Okay, so you're not paying for fuel, well maintenance of those things. It's crazy I think they lease the planes to that's like a huge cost. They don't buy them outright. Cuz they're like each plane cost so much I'd like to learn more about this, because we have a conflicting thing on this I. Don't know, but I'm very don't know either I'm very hesitant to bail out some more bin. Don't take anything we say here as if we really think we know. Why are you talking about it at all? Right, I, don't know why probably should I don't like the idea of reeling out more big businesses if they, you might be regula, but I've heard that they've been abusing their huge profits they've been making. They have been buying back their own stock, with the huge amount of profits and depleting their cash reserves. I think I, just don't like to believe that everyone is so evil in the world. These are huge corporations. They all run like mafia. Maybe they all just that's not my first, that's not the first place I go to in my mind. Okay, thank you, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. First, you give me the airlines that bevor the doubt those mother effers who charge you like $100 per bag, and they don't you flying you across the country or whatever across the globe, but they didn't used to charge you for it. They put you in the backseat. You really think that the seat in the very back next to the bathroom that doesn't recline is the same value as the seat in front of it. I hate those guys the benefit. If I get that seat again, I will just not fly I've had that it was the worst flight, so I'm saying it shouldn't, be you shouldn't charge the same amount that I there you go. You see, you won't trust them. Fran topic, no way, that's cuz of scum. Oh just so you know you're. So sorry they interrupt. Oh, we gotta go to break. Let's just read it. We have only one sponsor today. Times are tough here. Guys, kaptara, though we love kaptara kaptara is the okay, so kaptara is a website that they aggregate tons of different softwares for you, so that you can quickly search and filter options to find the features and the pricing you need, compare your top choices, side by side and save your favorites and with free, in-depth software guides and tools, plus over 1 million reviews from people like you, kaptara gives you access to everything you need to know before you buy the software of your dreams, so spend less time trying to find software and more time doing what you do best find the right software, for you, fine, go find the right software for you at kaptara, comm, slash, h3, that's not the end. It's only the middle, but it's true, there's so many different kinds of software's in the world, each one tailored so specifically to your needs. The right software can make all the difference in your life and your business and your dreams. That's right! There's a software out there that you know exists right now that will life hack, because someone has already been there and they've already thought about it and they're way smarter and they already made a software resolved. It yeah bro. You know what life hacks are that's what kaptara is it's a life hack for your dreams should should be their slogan. So here we go. You want no more cap about kaptara kaptara. Is your business a lie? It's a free online resource to help you find the best software solutions for you for your unique work, needs search more than 700 specific categories of software, everything from project management, to email, marketing, to all the way to yoga studio management, software and again that always shocks me. That doesn't thing, but that's just proves my point: how niche they are here from people like you, with over 1 million reviews of products from verified users? No matter what kind of software your business needs. Kaptara makes it easy to discover the right solution fast, join the millions of people who use kaptara each month to find the right tools for their business, so go to kaptara. Comm /a sharif for free today to find the right software choice for your business. Kaptara, comm, /, h tree, that's kaptara, spelled c AP ter are a.com, slash, h3, that's kaptara software selection simplified. How was that great nice? Where were we under the world? What was it? Oh I was like what was that? Let's just sit on this for a little bit yeah. So we are talking about corona, yada, yada, yada, everything's, fricked I was wondering such a hater. But what can I do I mean? How can you trust the airlines sure the airlines there baby there right longer? Oh and assume pharmaceutical companies? Oh really in terms of evilness, don't know anything, probably I, don't know in it. I don't know anything about it. Well, to be fair, I, don't know it. I don't know either I should just sit here while you're looking it up. What do you search? I? Don't even know what to search yeah. Do airlines suck question mark. Our airline company is evil there. You go I'll, wait good! Our airline companies evil you coming up our airline company's evil Oh. Are they evil? No yes or no, and the answer is: what's the answer undecided, just the podcast contest, Thank You Compton learn in love headline. They were born 660 billion in government aid for aerospace industry hit by them. Don't you think that the people of the people like 60 billion, let's give that to the people? Dude bowling doesn't need 60 billion Boeing can [ __ ] off into oblivion. Someone else will fill the void, who's less you're, responsible bowling by the way made a plane that the software literally forces it to crash into the earth. Remember that yeah! That's why they're in trouble well, they're cutting corners! That's what you know what I mean right so that go ahead. The conclusion is I'm wondering what's Jeff Bezos to write. It's like alright, just bail. Everyone out just give us about a hundred thirty million dollars. Give some blanks to some people. I'll. Take a Boeing. Yeah he's got a hundred thirty billion you're like okay, you know not all rich people are evil. Let's see what you can do for us. I mean we're in a time of crisis. Our government has, you, know, screwed the pooch a little bit on the testing. Let's see what you've got quiet from Jeff Bezos I feel like Jeff. Bezos has a moral responsibility to his society that has built him up and made him the wealthiest man who ever lived. He knew where is Jeff Bezos. Where is Jeff well so far, Amazon is still working to which doesn't make any sense yeah, because all the worker dude it's not cool, Amazon's gonna shut down the warehouse once it's gonna happen, it's gonna shut down, but he's got all of his workers working overtime, I've, seen a lots of articles of people complain that the conditions are not safe. He really seems more and more evil. Every week. Listening to this policy at Whole Foods, which is owned by Amazon, they say have me read this to you. This shocked me to my to my core Whole Foods wants workers to help pay some colleagues sick leave during the coronavirus as Amazon corporate offers two weeks well here it says: I was looking at here's, a here's, a quote and a letter sent to employees earlier this week from the Whole Foods CEO, John Mackey. He says one option available to workers was for them to donate their paid time off days to a pool that other workers could draw from what yeah Amazon owned. Whole Foods is telling its employees to donate their own paid time off. I mean now. Is the time use your hordes of money because guess what, if we all die in society, become functionally? You don't get to make money anymore either. If you want to think about it from selfish place, but Jeff Bezos. What are you doing to help us Jeff? If you could hear me Geoff Keighley, he can't hear me Alexa tell Jeff to help us. He can hear us he's such a super villain, bro, Jeff Bezos, and now he looks more and more like let Lex Luthor are every day where Superman it's like. We have Lex Luthor, but no Superman mm-hmm. What did to him out look young musk could have been a superhero, but he's too busy like memeing on Twitter. You feel like anyone's falling a little bit and he's also like Corona it up and his offices. Well, he tweeted out a week ago, coronavirus panic is stupid, so he said panic is stupid, which I guess technically I agree with, but it was during a time when a lot of people were like. Oh these people who are getting you know, but even the panic doesn't look that stupid anymore. If you can't leave your house whoever stocked up on stuff I understand, probably happy I definitely understand the urge and by the way, all the people that picked up on toilet paper aren't looking that dumb cuz. They said on the mountain toilet paper yeah, although there are some incredible stories of like this dude who he he traveled I mean the guy saw the writing on the wall. So I guess props to him, but he traveled like between three states and bought $18,000 with the pan sanitizer right and then he put it all in amazon, price, gouging and then amazon removed the listing and he's just sitting on $18,000 a nice move from Amazon for once I guess yeah I mean, but then I was like whoa, but we don't have any hand sanitizer, so it's kind of a at the same time. People need that. Well anyway, what ended up happening is that the district attorney went to his storage unit with the police and made him donate it. He donated like a local church who's, giving it out to everyone, okay, so I, guess in the end, but honestly, okay, so this guy's trying to profit off this. What about pharmaceutical companies that have been doing that every day, yeah? You know it's easy to demonize him, I'm, so so bitter right now so Jeff Bezos everybody I mean seriously. How is it crickets from Jeff? What is he doing for us? He owes our probably busy furnishing his new 250 million dollar house. That's probably that's. Probably true, like dude help us with the test, we don't have tests. United States doesn't have coronavirus tests, we have the lowest tests per million. People of the whole developed world. Jeff makes them tasks. You're like a manufacturing god get his tests. Do something build a hospital. You could build a ha. You could build. 20 hospitals be a good guy. God I mean how do you waste that opportunity when you have when you have that so much potential to help everybody hundred thirty billion, that guy's got so much money he's like what am I gonna. Do so much money, I'm gonna build Blue Origin go to space, he's like I I, don't have I have so much money. I can't spend ninety help us help everybody right. That's right! Getting very dark, Ethan! Well, I'm right, aren't I here's the Amazon policy on they say effective immediately. This is they've issued this thinking, they're being all such good guys, they go effective immediately. All Amazon employees who are diagnosed with covet, 19 or placed into quarantine will receive up to two weeks of pay, so they have they're waiting until you get diagnosed or placed into quarantine and getting like a note of quarantine from the governance. It's like seriously. You want to wait until one of your workers is diagnosed with the virus. That means they've already [ __ ] right it everywhere on the packages you guys send out back just working covered, Colin I got packages. Nobody door cover two crowbars, because jeff bezos two weeks is not gonna, be enough. Oh I didn't know they say up to two: we worship. If we can afford to pay all of our employees like without a limit right now, we're just told them. Don't worry about it. You're all being paid well, I will say in our in our in our or in the defense of other business owners who maybe can't afford it. We are able to continue our business I. Don't know about Teddy fresh that that is probably gonna grind to a halt, but at least here are entertainments that we're able to continue working with everyone. Yeah but but for example, yeah Teddy, fresh you're gonna grind to a halt, and actually we have a way of all. We spend a lot of money on on everything. I mean our costs. There are really high right. We have live team employees, we're not the size of Amazon, but um we're not worth hundred thirty billion right, we're not even worth 1 billion. No, but I just feel like people need to take more responsibility as the company owners, I hundred percent, agree I and then, like all these owners, they have. You know they they plan for this times and they put some money aside yeah, and this is what it's for. You gotta float the company now and that means help your workers. There are a lot of companies who are doing good, who are like go home, we're gonna, pay, I, don't know. I've I was looking at the current. Is the coronavirus, subreddit and I rarely go and read it I, don't know why I ended up there, I like that, so it was so dark. Everything was so dark, but some people there were saying their employees are still asking them to come to work and they're. Like did you not hear the news like you? Even you asking me to come in to the office like someone was like all the work I do is on the computer. I could totally do it from home and they're they're asking me to come in and clock handle dogs just came storming in hey yeah, that's rough, but like okay. So you have to think about this. Probably a small business right, I mean I, don't know if it's a big business or small business like a small business owners like dance there's, a lot of small businesses were like hey. If you don't come in and work I can't I can't pay ya. No I'm, not I, don't think that sounded like a small business. Yeah I'm, not talking about small businesses. I think the small businesses are gonna get hit the hardest. That's the people who I feel for the most because, but there are so many big businesses and they have no excuse. Yeah people like Jeff Bezos should be pulling out. The stops dude spend a hundred billion. You can make such a big difference, and everyone will love your ass because you're, a good guy and I evil greedy order piece of [ __ ], who makes your employees pulled their own sick weight, because your sick days, you too, cheap to actually provide for them. You guys can probably hear the dogs playing the dogs are loving the quarantine so stay adorn. Yeah they're like dude. This virus is great. You know they're, so cute episode, it's fine, okay, that's as good as any other. Okay, I! Don't know it's what it is. It's a podcast right, it's good, yeah, I'm, very upset. I. Think you make a good point like I'm, very upset like Jeff people like Jeff Bezos need to take responsibility for the welfare of their workers and this big companies to prove to us that you're not evil scumbag right there are some that are. There are some that have pledged to take care of their employees well well on sick leave, but Amazon is not one of them and what is Facebook I mean that's a good question. I have no idea. Whatever he's doing I still don't like suck Zuckerberg as rich as Bezos, pretty much psychic ability 2000 photos, but he he does eve lat. He doesn't have human empathy, so I wouldn't expect much of him. I, don't know they gotta take ownership. Company, like Amazon, doesn't only owe their employees. They owe society right. Society are as a whole made something like Amazon possible: the roads, the Postal Service everybody purchases Amazon. You have an obligation and this one whatever needed so [, __, ] Amazon, it's short, I, think they're gonna, shut down the late nights have shut down everything on TV shut down. That's why I felt it was important to come. Do this must entertain the people mm-hmm, there's a drought of content, mm-hmm I! Guess, there's really youtube's time to shine, because every month, every tubers like that's what we do- it's all good over here. You know it's weird being without the guys, though, yeah love having those guys. That's weird, being back in this shot with the two of us I know it feels very old-school ether in yellow. The difference is that on the podcasts I know when I'm not talking they switch off with me, but yeah. So that's that, let's see what else oh yeah yeah your mom was coming too so long. My brother was gonna, come to from New York, actually like moving to a new house or something oh and they have everything packed I, guess you would just do it right, but anyway, yeah cross state. We moved in New, York I'm, just saying, there's so much worse, like there's gotta be a some people like cross like moving to New York City, yeah I. Guess you got a lot of time to unpack now a good sign, we're actually kind of in the middle of something like we were getting work done in our bedroom, so we were sleeping in a different room for the time being and it was supposed to be almost done in April, but now we're starting being put on hold. That sounds like some bougie-ass problems, yes toilet! What do you? What are your thoughts on hoarding toilet paper? I mean I still think it's stupid I just feel like that's the worst. Some of those things you would like people were like so focused on hating on those people, and that, were you know, stocking up on stuff. Some people were going too far. Well, yes, they're, like some people like old people, and you know whatever the disabled or whatever the people who are gonna die from this virus. In short that, by the way, as an aside I'm struck by like the people's callousness towards old people and what is going on old people and people with like pre-existing questions is going on it's like three days ago before it became this bad people like I, saw this all the times, like a really radical push back on me like a hateful, strong pushback of people being like it's not you'll, be fine. Only old people are gonna, die all right, and it's just the stunning callousness. Okay I keep hearing that from different people at different ages, and it's like wait. What do you not care about your parents? I? Don't maybe they don't understand how it works? I think they do I mean the threat is not to you. The threat is that you get sick and then you pass it on to other people who are have a way higher risk of death from it, but also it's not true that it's know young people could die for me. You don't want this, it's if you have some other condition and it hits you well there's been a lot of misinformation, even from our president down. You know that's in direct contrast to what the CDC and fire and viral specialists and doctors are saying. So they say you know Donald Trump, tweeted out something like hey just to let you know. Fifty thousand people died from the flu and and nobody's panic about that. Just think about it yeah. He says only a hundred people have died from this in the USA. Think about that. So he's telling people effectively hey it's. This thing is not even as bad as the flu, so don't worry about it, but they stopped doing that now, yeah he stopped now, but that was like several days ago: yeah and people, the people he told that to who were buying into that messaging, still kind of believe it right. Even though he's changed his tune and that's the danger of like it's very you just did surprise with the amount of people that are like well, it only hits old people, so I'm, fine, I'm, like how can you be so comic-book callous and evil I mean, but even still you're? Okay with like I mean people are calling it the boomer remover. Yes, but you see clips of people out in bars, partying, you know in a second well, if I get it on I'll be fine. You know that you have a grandma or someone old or someone with a immune deficiency, but also eventually it's gonna affect everyone. If, if we don't flood on the curb and and we overwhelmed the hospitals, you know if some healthy people will get someone who's just got some other condition. All of a sudden. It's treatment, you can't get treatment yeah, but it's like you're just affecting everyone. It's not really just old people. The big picture is that everything is messed up. No, it's true. This is a rare, really unprecedented in our lifetime. Is that we all have a part to play in this. Usually somebody else's problem its government's problem. It's such as there's problem each person. Each individual in this country in this world has a part to play in this pandemic. If you stay at home, if you limit your interactions, if you do social distancing, you will you will make this better. We all have a role to play from top to bottom and that's hard to understand really for a lot of people. It's just a weird time. Dude there's a weird time. I mean people gonna be talking about this for hundreds of years. This is the big one. This is probably the craziest thing. That's happened in my life like if we can look at the bright side. I do feel like we can maybe just enjoyed this like forced time off that you have to stay at home and obviously, like I know that it comes with a lot of negatives but I, don't know, I mean I state you're, saying how many opportunities do we get a life to just like everyone? Everyone like yeah you're, not working, but everyone is not working. You you don't need to check your emails, there's nothing. There! I guess someone is some people would say, that's easy to do when you're not stressed about money, but what can you do I'm just trying to lighten up lighten up for anyone that can I don't know? Well, you know someone made a good point that I read. They say you know you don't have to be glued to the news cycle and to Twitter. You can just disconnect Quarantine yourself and take this time to learn a new skill. You know. Take the free, like this unprecedented out of free time, like you've kind of forced to have this time off right and be a home. You can do something with it. I guess, stuff that you don't usually get the chance to do. But people who are worried about money I am actually pleasantly surprised at our government's response to the to those people, one being that it looks like they're gonna put mortgage payments and evictions on hold for now, they're actually gonna be implementing some kind of ubi to pay. Everybody just give everyone a check. He says that's coming within like two weeks and that there's gonna be a lot of fallout. I'm not lying when this thing goes away, and then we all kind of walk out of our fallout. Bunker's, there's gonna be a lot of problems to deal with a lot of debt. The ice I read that the this, the one of the Secretary of Commerce or employment, or whatever said that he's expecting like 20% unemployment. During this time, which is like Great Depression era, I mean that's bad, that's bad, there's, gonna, there's a lot we're gonna have to do is but I think that you know on a larger level, sometimes shaking things up like this come results and some good things. For example, we obviously have some fundamental issues with our society that need to be addressed, that this crisis is illuminating. For example, ubi. We need to have a social safety net for people. We need to be more prepared for stuff like this, so I I'm, hoping that at the end of this becomes some some kind of positive movements for the towards the betterment of all people. I wonder if people are gonna get used to doing more stuff from home afterwards, even when they don't need to like mmm working from home I. Also wonder if people are gonna like is this gonna kill shaking hands? Is this gonna kill touchscreens? You know, for example, I go into bathrooms and they don't have paper towels and you have to open the door yeah, that's the kind of situation. Just sure I mean I, know I always felt crazy. Take the paper towel. You open the door, but now it's not that crazy is it no. There are certain things I feel like. Maybe maybe the party's over in terms of just acting like, like you, know, ignoring contagion. We need to be smarter about how we pass on bugs to each other. I just feel like also for anyone who wanted to pursue anything, and usually they don't have the opportunity to like. If you wanted to write something a movie or a book or whatever or if you're into gardening. It's like you can actually just do whatever you want for a minute, even though it's in a very dark situation and a dark setting. Well I always hear this. You probably heard it that, like Shakespeare, wrote, King Lear during quarantine and Sir Isaac Newton discovered a rope calculus during quarantine and discovered gravity or defined gravity which is like and, for example, me like, like both of those I, am going to get to 1,000 Paragon on Diablo, 3 and I get on the leaderboard there you go, so we all have our ambitions here. Folks right, that's right, yeah what else I got? Oh, you want to see some depressing [, __, ] Euler, no, no yeah, I'm, all right, yeah! Okay! We talked about this. Oh this shit's, crazy, Tom Hanks, as you know, got coronavirus him and his wife or they're in a Australia, but that so he has a Tom. Hanks has a son named Chet who, but most of this video on Instagram. Let me just show you this: what's up everyone? Oh yeah, it's true! My parents got coronavirus crazy, they're, both down in Australia right now, because my dad was shooting a movie down there, but I just got off the phone with them. They both are fine they're, not even that sick they're not worried about it, they're, not tripping, but they're, going through the necessary health precautions. Obviously, but I don't think it's anything to be too worried about. I appreciate everyone's concern and the well wishes, but I think it's all going to be alright. Well, I appreciate it and everybody stay safe out there. So I mean nice message yeah, but obviously how is this house? Don't? Hang sign house like this? I was like no way. This is how are they related [ __, ] I was blown away by Chetniks because he has his other son who's like an actor Colin Hanks right and I was like yeah I was like. Oh all, of his kids. Look like Colin Hanks. You know they all look like him. Like he's like Tom, Hanks junior he's all he's like sweet American boy actor looks just like Tom Hanks caught, but then you've got Jack. The rapper he's got Chet's got like a urban kind of slang. He'd talk. He talks like he's from the hood a little bit. Yeah I was like Chet, your Tom Hanks son I mean but I guess, look Tom. It's got to be tough, being Tom, Hanks son, oh yeah, you know a man like damn you got to get some it ain't, you know it's, but it's a big spotlight to deal with so and it's in a way. I. Give it up to Chet for making a unique persona for himself can't be easy. But that being said here he is. We were just looking at his Instagram, and here he is doing a Jamaican accent is on the red carpet. Doing this man, you know Tom Hanks is gonna, be like check. Can you not do this on the red carpet? Sorry, I just realized how loud my water drinking was. Oh, you know he's like suck Chet I appreciate the rapping. It's very supportive. All I ask is that you don't do the Jamaican accent on the red carpet, I'm Tom Hanks. Can we just not do the Jamaican chat, people I I'm super supportive, I love your music I just have to say that you're making thing just I, don't want people to start talking and on the red carpet and then shuts like [ __ ] you dad. He spells his last name with the ex by the way H a and X I think that's just a little gag I saw Tom Hanks. Do it. Oh, he did yeah. Oh, oh, it's like a family thing, maybe I'll kid cuz I think when he announced the corona I, think you signed off Hanks. Oh I, wonder if you got that comes Chet, because it's kind of urban hip-hop, it's your boy, Chet Chet, Chet Chet is Chet short for something anyway. Here's another one think it is I, don't remember what what could shet be short for: cheddar, cheddar, cheese, cheddar, Hanks, here's number, two yellow I'm, just I just I'd! Do it all respect and love to chat I'm, not putting your boy on blast like I, said: I, know, ain't easy, being Tom Hanks on, but I'm just shocked that this guy's actually related to Tom Hanks. Okay, no, here's another one, because the youth then we're at the Kings done wake up this morning and we see the King tunnel infinite, but mad respek. You don't know I feel, like he's been practicing that quite a bit he got that down. I gotta, say I'm impressed by his Jamaican he's on DJ Cal level of Jamaican accent. You know it's got to be short for cheddar right, ILA's doing research. Do they bring the drum roll back? The excitement attention so hard to find you love I, get stressed when I need to read something on the show. This chat. What is dad stand for Chester Oh Chester, Chester, Hank's Chester's, a nice name that was stressful, yeah I was getting stressed so Chester Hank's there you go now. You learned something and finally Jared Leto missed the corona virus straight-up. He was on a 12 day, long MIDI meditation vacation. Now, if you don't know about Jared Leto he's, like a cult leader, he's an he hosts, a gathering for his band thirty Seconds to Mars called Mars island. He has described it as a cult and I have to admit that. I also think that it is a cult based on what I've seen here's a tweet tweet. It says oh yeah, because yes, this is a cult hashtag Mars Island, so he was out in like the desert with all of his freaky white robe wearing. Why did they always wear the same color like in every cult yeah? Because it's not that I feel like the cold is just not that original. At this point it's like we've seen it we get it. How do people keep falling for this [ __ ], but there you go and then look by the way. I love this photo yeah, there's a photo of him sitting with all this cult members there in white and then there's one dude here with a Marvel shirt. It's like one day, you're gonna get a white shirt for your cult meeting. It's a Marvel bro! It's awesome! It's like dude! You got to choose your like Alliance. Are you thirty Seconds to Mars, or are you Marvel? You can't do it both ways? God Jared? What are you doing anyway? Here? Look at this. Why do people need to call it says so, weird you know this guy, like you know this guy Slams yeah, that's what it is. That's basically every cult leader it's like he wants to have sex with everybody. He wants to make about your money. It's amazing um! It's a credible! This whole cult phenomenon and it just keeps happening, but there you go. It's Jared, Leto he's usually handsome charismatic yada yada yada slammin. That guy probably is like a thousand kids, so he missed the whole coronavirus. He just came out of isolation and was like oh wow. What's going on here, nice hair, let me see I've got the tweezer I. Would okay bye yo? Now you know at least nobody. There has the virus. He says Wow, 12 days ago, I began a silent meditation in the desert. We were totally isolated, no phones, no communication, etc. We had no idea what was happening outside the facility walked out yesterday into a very different world. One that's been changed forever, mind-blowing, to say the least, I'm getting messages from friends and family all around the globe. Saying I have your kid and you owe me child's no heed. They said and catching up on. What's going on, you know he's got so many bastards hope you and yours are okay. Sending positive energy stay inside stay safe, Jared, Leto! Everybody here is a here's his website by the way, I was kind of curious. So he has these shows thirty Seconds to Mars here's what it costs to get into a cult, the Stargazer package. This is the most ghetto version, three nights, all inclusive, one payment of 1,600 or if you're broke, and you want to go pay to check to pay check three hundred of six payments. You've got different levels here, going all the way up to you've got stargazer, that's funny. That means you're. Just your ass is just on the ground. Looking then, the next one is the adventure. I mean it says, all-inclusive I, don't know what that means to McClaren, probably festival. Let's see style, it includes festival of full-length concert well, okay, a solution, wellness activities that sounds like nothing stay in air-conditioned -, Bell tents, then accommodate for guests and have access to shared modern facilities, including showers bathrooms, which are conveniently located okay. So so you can add on oh great, you can add, wait. You said all-inclusive. You can add on early entry for 5:50, you can get a tattoo for a hundred dollars. How the hell are you gonna sell a mass tattoo. You ready trust some guy who's just come intent to tank, giving tattoos. You think that guys cleaning is needle how funny a holistic, massage ninety dollars. You know that's just some like holistic how's that different than normal, massage it's called style holistic. It's somebody in a white garb and dreadlocks is gonna. Do it deep tissue massage for an extra five dollars? You can throw that in there ninety five dollars so, if I add all this time which obviously I'm getting the tattoo. This is a good bargain. 99 bucks I know adults for a tattoo, that's really cheap mm-hmm. They don't ask like how many colors, what is what am I getting tattooed so now I'm up to 2500 months. That's not bad! You know! Oh, let me look at pictures of it. Let's see what the tent looks like. So, if Jared, if you're doing such a great cause for Humanity, why are you trying to make so much money from this? You know what I mean. There's the thing with coal heaters like yeah I need to get rich and get laid all the time by the way that looks like a hellhole they're trying to make it look nice, but it really looks like a hellhole, so that is the Stargazer. The next one is the adventure mode. So this one you're gonna go. Do something see. Let's see what the adventure package has. This one starts at $3,000. Let's see adventure package holders have shared ensuite bathroom and shower facilities. That's it so they just have attached, so they have their own bathroom. That's have shared ensuite yeah. What does that mean shared with who's? Just not a tenth? It's just a little nicer looks like a little structure. Yeah, that's awesome, I love this! Let's see what else there is. This is total fire festival, [, __, ], okay, they're like all-inclusive breakfast lunch and dinner, and then you just get this ham sandwich. Oh no, the wanderer package, $4,000 dude. What do we get? Let's see you get a state and air condition forced lodge in the South camp that a combo, comma dates to package holders have shared ensuite, bathroom and shower facility. It said the same thing on the other one, what am I paying acts $4,000 for, let's see by the way. If you have to do this in payments, you really can't afford it cheered, really, if you got to do six payments of $600, because you can't afford $4,000 that make sense to me really but hold on. We got the VIP package weren't. Oh my god. This one is seven thousand over seven thousand dollars whoa and then the Phoenix package you're rising from the ashes. They don't even say the price they're like it, has a picture of him of Jared a silhouette. Oh dude pay up and you can hang out with our prophet here's the daydreamer package, $7,000 7150 dollars luxury awaits on the ion. This is so fire festival bro. The VIP package is located in sun lodges that are completely waterproof. I hope they're waterproof damn. Why do you even have to say that lockable, no okay, lockable and fully furnished what they shared ensuite bath? You see a little more right, you're like bro right, so you cannot lock everything out waterproof repair, you better pray, doesn't rain available for two package folders with either single or double bag configuration some lodges are set inland away from the coastal flooding. It says inland, so I'm, assuming close to the kitchen and pool area providing convenient and exclusive access to the weekend festivals. Three night, all-inclusive festivals, including two full length concerts by thirty Seconds to Mars, as well as community and wellness focused activities, stay in a shared occupancy, air-conditioned Lodge, this mother-effer dude. This is [ __ ] and you still got to pay extra for the tattoo. So how much is that? Seven thousand one hundred fifty dollars Wow it's weather, proofed and lockable, and it's it's located inside the coast. You don't get flooded. That looks like a [ __ ], if I'm being honest man, what what are they gonna? Do this a shed? It's a [, __ ]! Is it really a homeless? Man's looks like we're all most people would live. I want to click this, this one that doesn't even list the price. This is the FINA SPAC egde ultimate luxury awaits you picture. Yeah, let's see! What's the difference, the VIP package is located in the private Sun lodges that are completely weatherproof lockable and fully furnished some. So what is so? They don't offer. They don't offer any here's the VIP activities you ready for this early entry, priority entry, VIP activity with Jared Leto. How much do we have to pay I wonder how much this cost and even listed they probably screen you based on how good you look yeah likely is to [ __ ], mother, [, __ ], you so you basically pay for Hammond and to [ __ ], you that's just such a good racket. I wish I was good-looking enough that people want to pay to have sex with me. Let's see barfle Cubans limited edition print I, don't know what that means soundcheck. What does that mean like you're at the soundcheck? The person that does this sound check for us? One two check: did you get exclusive VIP merchandise signed. You know shows like a little poster private boat dinner, followed by a private opening ceremony, with the band on an exclusive limited-edition gift from jarrod and Shannon, what private transfer to and from the airport. You know. That's just a school bus, dude I'm having total fire festival, flashbacks, fridge stocked with beverages daily epic, private yoga sessions, complimentary, massage, oh well! Thank you. It's a comp! It's complimentary, massage sixty minutes reserved water sports equipment, pool noodles reserved for you complimentary, snorkel equipment. This is so corny private, family-style, dining breakfast lunch and dinner. After show late night food group, concierge services backstage tour from a crew member. They really. This is crazy. Please note. Each package includes a room and board in your chosen accommodation for the duration of the event. Rooms are 100%, non-smoking passports or national EU ID is required at check-in. Mars island is a festival with a community and communal spirit. Please also be aware: mmm. What is the most? What's written between the lines? They're, basically saying, if you end up having to share us yeah somebody crackers on your floor, they're, like don't be a [ __ ] right. This is a cult. If it's so communal and community spirit, why are you charging seven thousand dollars? That's very capitalistic I want my own space 7,000. Please also be aware that this is luxury camping and the facilities are high quality, but are built to enhance your experience of nature bro. This is the spirit of Mars family and we can't wait to share with you wow this shit's crazy who's that man you'd have to be mint kind of mentally ill, even want to go to this it's in Croatia, and you have to fly your ass out to Croatia. You see, there's a skeleton on the beach, that's what you're gonna be in like right. So if you go I personally rather go to Brazos VIP package instead of Mars Island. So anyway, Jared Leto walked out and missed the whole thing. So there you have it welcome to welcome to the apocalypse Jared. It was your fault. You caused this in your meditation and also interestingly, finally, Big Brother, there's all these big brothers going on and they put them in isolation, and they have no idea what's going on in the world. I love that so now, but what about the crew, the crew that works? They know they know. Yeah, okay, I would assume yeah, but I saw a clip of one of the girls noticing that the live audience was no longer there audience. Oh my god, you know be awesome if, if the crew abandoned and then everyone was gone and nobody told them and they keep on living your life and Big Brother, but nobody tells them so what they're gonna do is have a special livestream where they tell them all. What's going on and I have to be honest, I would watch that I, don't understand German, obviously, but I would watch that March, 17th or just today did I miss it I missed. It haven't seen clips of this right. Here's this girl talking about yeah, see you couldn't see yeah sitting down right eviction. We heard people unless the house is now sound higher building the audience a little like all people has an actual house. I didn't envision it as a set, and then I came here like all reliving in a set, told him to shut up I, don't watch this show. It sounds crazy. I really want to watch the Big Brother guys react to that. But I don't know where it is so there you go well, that's about all we've got here today. This will come out on Friday. Hopefully the world is still we're filming this on Wednesday. So hopefully the world is still here on Friday mm-hmm, maybe Thursday I, don't know we'll see when it's ready cuz now now what we have to do is we're gonna, send it to Dan he's gonna be, has to put in the videos cuz. Normally we would live so H yeah. So whatever we're watching the live, switch did that yeah. So there's no editing afterwards, but now they're gonna everything in yeah. It's a lot more complicated, so it may take a little extra time. That's why we say Friday, so we are swell so yeah doesn't come out, Friday and um. Hopefully this was watchable. It was great. This is come on better than nothing. Can we say that yeah better than nothing, that's a low bar. Well, that's the bar. That said right now, there's nothing going on better than nothing well. This was a weird app because it was all words like I can't ignore I can't ignore the coronavirus, yeah and um. Well, I'll tell you what else. The other reason was the challenging you guys will know sim, but you know why Oh think about it: okay, yeah, it's very challenging. We can talk about it. Next episode, okay, but I think we did fine mm-hm, you know. So this is the quarantine zone. How's it sound. How does it look right? How does it compare that's? What I would like to know, and did you laugh? Did you smile? Did you think? Did you wonder what it means to be human on a planet? Here we are a collective. We are a hive. We must band together to survive or be our own demise. Well, there's the Great Firewall, they say they say. Do alien civilizations evolved to go interplanetary and our galactic and they say well, maybe none do maybe we're the most advanced, maybe there's a great firewall that prevents species from evolving. To that point, one of them we could be experiencing now as a pandemic. The next one could be far worse and if we don't get wiser and learned from this, we may never venture to the stars. Think about that right. You want to go to the stars. Yeah we're not there. You know I want I just want to have my brain beamed up to the top pictures of Mars. Today from Elon Musk, really I didn't see those they got a cool panoramic. Are they in Mars he's got a bot on Mars or what yeah you can open this Twitter? Oh, that's kind of cool I. Just woke up! Oh my go. Okay, here's pictures of Mars on Twitter, it looks like Earth, it looks like the desert whenever I see pictures of Mars on my table in there its Mojave Desert. Oh here we go, he retweeted something curiosity, Mars rover. Oh that's, NASA's, ship, successful deployment of sixty starling satellites confirmed. Are you talking about this video? This is from curiosity. This is NASA's Mars rover we're able to capture the rover using the other mask embolism. My the higher resolution version is nearly 1.8 billion, pixels yeah. What I gotta mute it? Sorry, oh wow, that's some high def yeah yeah, that's pretty cool! It's like yeah! That's a lot everything, but you know what I mean I was like [ __ ] I've been there before we shut our camping video. Oh hey, guys, yeah Vegas, pretty much Wow I'm more impressed by the high definition of that photograph. Alright enjoy the quarantine everybody, let's not let I will try not to talk about it anymore. Now, here we are here to entertain. We are not here to politicize. We are not here to kvetch or to complain, we're here to make your existence on this earth a more pleasant one. So from here on out burying something, absolutely catastrophic that we absolutely cannot simply resist talking about. We will avoid a corona based topics. What do we call this episode? Pastry, podcasts forever? A street podcast never dies pastry, podcasts quarantine zone. The show must go on [Music] flatten the curve baby. Alright, that's it stay blessed.