Coming to you in five four three two welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live hit me with the sound board early on. Did someone else? Do that, or was that all me, because there was like a second one: I went for the same sound effect. At the same time, what weird for sanitizers sounds arrested me. Today's episode is sponsored by stitch, fix honey, hems policy genius and today, I'm honored and blessed and privileged to have with us today be Theo von, the Rat King Hey good to be here. Man. Thank you. It's beautiful in here, yeah I'm, a I'm, a I'm, a big fan, I think you're, one of the funniest dudes, possibly ever to grace this God's green planet. I have to tell you when we saw you at The, Comedy Store. We were there recently mm-hmm man. When you came up to the stage you got the loudest response. Do you think so? I'm sure of it, people were going [, __, ], apeshit, yeah and I had seen you before apes. Actually, they were a that was on acid and you weren't there at all. But thank you, though. Sorry, I don't receive compliments. Well, obviously, I had to deflect yeah and I. Have awkward. I have I, have problems. Accepting compliments, -! Isn't that weird yeah something I need to work on. What is it because it's yeah that makes me then you feel uncomfortable because then you feel like yeah. Now the person feels like I, don't even care about the fact that they call me you don't they're, being gracious they're, giving you a gift, it's like if someone's like, hey man, I got you these really cool shoes, bro I, don't need shoes, [Laughter], so yeah, but I think that's there well, I think what I've learned to do, and that's a really good question it is. Is that you just you, don't have to accept the compliment in your brain, but you should out of grace, make the exchange not awkward, so you say thank you. I did them at numbers and that's what I can't be like. Let me tell you something: okay, but my natural inclination is to be like if someone's like, hey, you're, really funny- and it's like well, you know yeah, not everybody. You know it's like well. You're one of the few say yeah. Thank you. That's what I usually say. Thank you! That's nice, you to say, but sometimes I will feel uncomfortable and I'll have to react or off to try and make them feel good. Also, I think mmm Dan, that's a dope shirt yeah! It's like just a normal Nike shirt. Yeah I didn't have a shirt at the end of this. At the end of this episode is just going to be me. Waking up from a dream is that real anyway they're all thank you for having me yeah you. You really are such a funny guy, and let me tell you guys after watching this you're gonna want to go. Don't don't let don't listen to me. Let him convince you throughout the show. Now the pressures on Fox I should have said that oh yeah well, I was born under pressure man. You know I'm [, __, ], mom, more tight, pants, yeah yeah so and she always has, and she did even during birth right. Can you imagine that Trinity, oh they cut off yeah, they cut, you I mean do you're trying to gestate in there and you're rocking against a 19 inch belt, yeah, so you're. So no! So then, in that case, since he is comfortable under pressure, dark art store deal, Vaughn calm, get tickets, you're on tour right now, right, yep on tour right now, we're gonna be in San Jose this weekend and then Phoenix and gonna go to Australia. Oh yeah, yeah yeah. We have Australian fans, so eight, the best fans, man, there's sweet-ass, some other efforts. There I've never been, but I keep telling the boat over and see a show. That's what I tell them boat over but you're going over. There too, though yeah well, they like I've, been waiting. My yeah I've been waiting in Santa Monica a zero, but ya know I'm excited it's gonna, be crazy and then what else here we got some other places, Kansas City. Another few places coming up hit. The website theof on Comm, he's also the host of his very own podcast, which is hilarious this past weekend and no offense on Netflix yeah. We got not on Netflix yeah, so god bless all that going on for you, Thank You Man. That's nice need to say so. Also an first of all happy birthday to you. Yesterday was your birthday right. It was yeah, it was man had a lot of cake and got sugar sick a little bit around p.m. and uh. That was pretty much it. That was it huh. Yes, I keepin, it slim yeah, kept ya. Have it slim man just really my mom sent me a cake and I just started eating and I knew I should need it right when I saw it I said, don't eat it mmm and then I started eating it. You saw it what you solo it. Okay, I didn't know no I had about a third Oh, a third wow. That's impressive! That's be smug, it is and it's not safe, but it's your birthday, that's true, yeah. What kind of cake was it? It was all chocolate chip, cookie cake, oh yeah, it's my favorite, so it was good but yeah I appreciate the well-wishes man happy to be born. That's the start, bro yeah, you know sex. You got to be born and yeah get getting a lot of time to. You know: try not to murder somebody and they. You know that started really optimistic and that took a turn. Oh yeah, that's how it is man. You seem like a positive guy. You seem like you're, always focused on positive on positive you're, trying to stay positive because I know your story is a somewhat. You know: Herald harrowing I, don't know yeah, but like not not the happiest upbringing, right, yeah and so yeah. One thing I've noticed just like I feel, like you true, you have this earnest attempt to really be positive about things and I'm envious of that I feel like I'm such a naturally cynical good and I like that about you. Well, it's nice you to say that man, it's another compliment, appreciate it. Man, I'm left to think of some yeah. You better I'm waiting. Well I, like you know, it makes me sad if people don't feel good, you know is I. Think a lot of times when I was young. I, just didn't feel good and I didn't know why and I'd sometimes I didn't even know. I just thought that that was the world. You know that this the world, you just don't feel good in it and then I realized that it's not supposed to really be that way and and I realized that at a late age you know, even just in the past couple years, Wow so yeah I think that you know I want to yeah. It just makes me sad if people are feeling bad and they and they don't realize that the world can be a little bit different. You know that's one of these things that I kind of realized and through therapy too, is like you only know what you know, which is seems so obvious, but like if your parents suck ass yeah and you're like oh well, yeah, my parents come home at 12 o'clock every night and I don't see them and that's just ever and that's just the way it is and then you go to and then you go talk to a therapist or you go to a friend's house someday and they're, like [ __ ] like having a conversation yeah their dad like what's go with the hell yeah, so like your dad's, a while yeah what we talk about. Yeah they're eating olives together in the afternoon, oh yeah. But yes, this is different. If you think yeah, if you grow up in everybody's juggling and then you know yeah, then you just always just you know, maybe we're both hit in the head by balls. You know oh wow, you were going about that was dude but yeah, but you're like then you're out in the world, and everybody else is like dude. What are you looking up in the air for all the time? I'm scared! That's a really good analogy! Is it because everyone's just damn in the world of jugglers yeah one man put down the balls Wow you're from you're from Louisiana, nationally right, yeah I'm from Louisiana? So it's a good state of you guys been there know I'm such a poorly traveled, dude mm-hmm I mean I'm from SoCal I know you have opinion about LA mmm-hmm, so I realized ever pinyon about Hollywood I. Think right! That's how I've realized, even recently I totally agree and I don't have an opinion as much about LA you even get if I, just because there's so many great people like you going like JK news, you familiar with those guys, yes and you go and you're like. Oh, these are out. This is LA, and these this is amazing. The vibe over there and the people having fun and the energy is great and and I'm like. Oh, this is different than Hollywood yeah. That's what I've learned! That's that's right, I'm glad to hear you say that not that I care about LA or anything! No, but it's so true. You hear that all the time and and they like I hate, LA, mm-hmm kind of thing, and if you, if you're step in Hollywood, it's a night, I hate it too I can't fight a man with a needle like trying to stab you yeah, there's the create. Oh, you can catch an H eye on a couple of corners. There yeah you know yeah yeah, but but it's so much bigger than that. Yeah L is a huge city right, like I, never lived in Hollywood, but I always lived in like the valley like around, where we are now mm-hmm and it's nice, it's there's a nice little suburb, you know. But how do you? How do you compare to back back home Louisiana? Let me think I'll compare it well. How do you like it here? I, don't well. The traffic makes things tough obvious because you don't get to spend time with people and I grew up in a place like Louisiana and they're number one New Orleans their number. One thing is tourism, so handshake and touching people putting your hand on somebody's back while they're vomiting, you know I'm, saying natural empathic, you know touches mm-hm, you know so you know to go from tourism, where it's like people spending time eating, listening to music being in that environment, people playing outdoors and more relaxed we're here where every side street turns into a highway. You know it's like that's true. Do you'll be yeah like there's three lane alleys here, that's true. This is us on HIV Lane in a back alley, the other day like Jesus, it's crazy, yeah. So just the fact that there's so many people trying to get around and it makes it hard to actually be people and then I start to feel by myself, because I'm not being a person and I'm not getting a reflection of myself off others. So sometimes for me, a lot I would learn about Who I am off of other people's or other people were feeling. Okay, then I would feel. Okay, if somebody smiled at me and be like oh I, must be making somebody smile or being a part of a smile. So then you know when you don't get that and you for somebody like me anyway, when you don't get that in your in your car a lot or you're by yourself, you don't get the reflection to know how you're behaving and then in my mind, I would start thinking that I'm behaving bad or that I'm a bad person and then I get stuck in myself. So for somebody like me, it was tough to be in a place like this at first and you've learned to kind of find your your own space here yeah by the time the past couple years have gotten a lot better. That's good, yep, meeting more regular people, even podcasting in a lot of ways. Knowing that have a conversation to go to you know and meeting other people and just dude, even in our conversation in LA, was this: that's why podcasting broke out cuz. Nobody was having the easy yeah yeah, totally there's just people driving by with an angry lawyer back yeah, no I! Think that's so true. Sometimes I did I. Have the same thing: I'll sit in my house all day and I can't I. Like it forces me to have a conversation yeah, one that I probably wouldn't normally have like. How often do you sit down like and so intensely talk to anybody ready. You do your you're, more interesting guy than I am I feel like no I, think I'm warm at the Comedy Store more, and so you have max a home yeah. So you have your your that's nice because you get to see people. Let's have some. You know bigger conversations, not that much I see it real tired. During conversations you know, I mean when I was yeah, I'm really I'm that guy you know, I'll take a break you're in a conversation. I'll come back in a little bit. You know because this conversations are real hard. You know. Sometimes you get into you know the 40th minute of a conversation. Do you know, what's going I, don't think I've ever had a 40 minute conversation with anybody outside of a professional setting. Wow, maybe I mean with you. Obviously, that's granted but like but like with a friend where you just sit and taught like talk about something I, don't know: yeah I, don't get taught in a way: I, don't get taught right. I'm up I'm, a bad communicator I feel like I. Have a trouble connecting with people. Do you yeah? Do you feel like you do, or do you think you actually do, because those can be two different things, so I think I'm really good at connecting with people our feet just touched me yeah. You saw that that I wasn't sure if I was a special when I was an accident and I'm coming I'm sinking back over there. Oh that's eel magnetism, I feel like I'm good at making that first kind of like superficial being like hey yeah, [Laughter] cuz I, feel, like my dad, is like the most superficial dude on the planet earth like he's made of like tinfoil: oh really, yeah. What do you think it came from like a way he had to be, or something like that like? Was there a reason why I'm sorry we're gonna go! That's like the black hole trying to analyze my dad dude. Is it yeah Wow? Well, he yeah there. He he was his. His background is super weird, like his biological father was like a famous movie producer and that when he was like 5 years old, his own dad [ __ ] disowned him mm-hmm because they got divorced. This is the crazy [ __ ] I can't imagine how [ __ ] those make. They got divorced, mm-hmm and then my grandma went and married a new guy who adopted him, but the biological dad never spoke to him again. He started a new family and never [. __ ] spoke to my dad again it even till the day he died. He passed away, that's crazy yeah and he wasn't like a. He wasn't like a toddler. I mean while toddlers bad it wasn't a newborn. Oh yes, I've, crucial 8su. For that to happen, I would feel like you know, and then dad's just gone and you never see or hear from him yeah. But you hear about his work. Probably oh yeah! He was saw her envious because they were like wealthy and uh and famous, and my dad he kind of fetishizes wealth and fame what it was it's therapy, but my feet now. No it's just this is good, though this is good progress for me. You know I learned recently that when something happens to a kid like a child, you know they live in a world where they think the world revolves around them. They don't really know that other people have or in the world as well. They know they're there, but that that it's their world together, and so when something happens that they reflect a lot of it is their fault. Some reason they did something why this is you know so. Yeah I came and imagined that that kind of like what that would be like in your head, I, don't think he ever learned. The thing is I. There's a lot of things for me to be angry at my dad about, but most of all you have to kind of always remember. People are the way they are for a reason. My dad never learned what it meant to be a father or what it meant to set my dad being a dad meant. Oh I, don't even care about my don't even know he exists right, I'm, gonna, I'm gonna go die and not even reach out. You know. My mom told me a story that when Jessica was born the first of our family, she called his biological dad and was like hey we're having a kid. You should call your. You should call Gary and say congratulations and he never [ __ ]. Did you believe that [ __ ] Wow what a nightmare? Well, that issues are the craziest. Do you not care? That's weird, Wow, a real token too, when a baby comes in because that's like another opportunity for grandparents and parents to make amends usually a lot of times. You know it's like you get out of jail, that's very baby right in a weird way. That's true! That's a really good point! Man! That's so wild man or you do you're doing your dad. Can y'all talk about that kind of stuff, for you guys, keep things more chill. Well, so my dad, you know my parents are together and he's always been a part of my life, but he's like, like I, said he's like he's he's like a dude under a ghost sheet, but there's actually just not a person there like a sheet like he watched, TV he'll watch TV all day Wow. He plans his day around. What's on television, it sounds up. Yeah yeah but oh way is coming back out. So it does sound that part. So he was like you're dead, so stick and that's the probable and but but so circle. Back my dad his he's a Salesman run by nature and he's very good at making that superficial connection with me more like hey, I'm, Gary Klein, you ever known, you know, but underneath it it's not even gilded, because there's got to be a little gold on top I, say tinfoil interesting wow man I suggested a little [ __ ], it's a vicious trap. Maybe that's his must have a person he was as he was able to develop. Yes yeah, it may be in the like. It's you know like. Maybe it was hard for even a him to develop that that outer layer, absolutely that is yeah man I totally and so that again I bet the baby will help I hope so I mean I bet it could in some ways that you may never even see. You know our don't know, but like I couldn't stand, my sister, you know and uh, and then she had a baby and like I just could stand her. You know and I could stand her and then uh it just helped me learn to look at women differently, just I, don't know and I never expected anything like that. I didn't really care, you know, I didn't have any sense of family and then it kind of changed a lot of our family or hold on hold a lot of our family so yeah. Maybe that could be something that could be cool yeah. You know my sister had a baby. The first time my dad was always like the hardest guy toughest guy, like he wouldn't even really show affection at all he's just kind of like tough all the time and then when she had a baby Olson, it was like sweet Whitman baby and, like we saw sides, we never saw. Probably since probably since you were a little yeah yeah, which is the magic I think of having kids, because what I'm excited about about fatherhood is that, like you, have this magical opportunity to see your own self again from that different vantage point yeah, and so you get to reframe your whole life in a way that makes it makes way more sense, because you see yourself you're, like oh yeah. Oh that's what I was like when I was five yeah. Do you think back to like embarrassing [, __ ]? You did when you were like, let's say 12 or you I have this problem I'll be elected to it. I can't believe I did that, but in your mind, you're thinking back as an adult. You see a 30 year old, dude in a 12, but then you see yourself as a 12 year old be like how could I blame myself for what I did this 12 year old? Is [ __ ], barely sentient yeah, the social just eight nine involved in the carport yeah? How could I think that, at that age, I'm having new anything, it's been? That's funny, I, never thought about that yeah. We take this adult brain and put it back into a child's behavior and then feel bad about it for act in a certain way. Yeah man, yeah, I, think I. Do that a lot probably yeah, so I, don't know I've been thinking. A lot about fatherhood is a trip man, a time, elided yeah a little bit yeah. He told me that I just got such a I feel so excited for you, guys, that's cool! That's brave yeah, not brave you just [ __, ] squirt! It did everyone [ __, ] out babies. Oh did I used to work at a donut shop bra when I was growing up man and and dude. We would always make sexual jokes and me filling up: no nuts dude. You know oh yeah, oh here's Todd a little bit of raspberry in there. You know trip me out another thing about childbirth. We tried for like two years: [ __ ], there's like a billion and a 1.5 billion people in India. What are they? Why am I? Why is it so hard for me to have a baby? But there's like 10 billion people in China? You got a cook. You got it alone. They can't stop, and here we are obscene doctors. Humping yeah, get that curry Lube thing you got to do something man, you know put a little. It's that Rhino to us, yeah George draw a little law. What's that elephant that pushes all the obstacles out of the way? Don't mail, Gargamel, no, not Dumbo, dangle adesh, I, think gang love, - dude! You got to get a gangly -. That's you on your hip yeah, all right! Oh, you were oh gee, because I'm saying yeah, he makes good sperm. They say you know. Elephant can make almost like 7 quarts of sperm. How much is that with your hands? Can you show me because I don't yeah I can show you, you know: I love, I, can't visualize ounces. You can't I can't well. How much is one ounce Oh 1 ounce is probably off this much in a cup. That's about this big you're [, __ ] and on it I love little amounts. What's your favorite little um I would probably say a graham but a wet, graham, a wet grant yeah, because it's that is smaller than then it appears yeah Graham. Anybody could do that. A wet graham you'll get like a fancier element or something yeah. You know like mercury yeah. You know you could get a wet grandma mercury. Do it? Are you what's up Wyatt you're, like educated, all the sudden, with chemistry and [ __ ] talking about every mercury telly, every elements? No yeah! You know I'm not trying to give you that idea. Oh no I know but like you're, just that's pretty impressive. Oh no man I, just like you small amounts. No I've. Always we had a bunch of I remember for Christmas one year, I got a bunch of little cups and stuff and we would love doing that kind of stuff. You know just having small amounts of this or you know small amounts of that. You know. I love, that kind of stuff yeah another world, you're a chemist and another life. Well, the periodic table. Speaking of semen man, we had always thought SEMA should be on. The periodic table. You know, is the [ __ ] grandfather as the ball of the real element of life. Boron bro talk about nut to Boron's for hos, like the periodic table, cheers from out ain't, Stein iam! Oh, what's this a rock of I'm Stein iam in my backyard and I think that maybe Israeli propaganda dude? Yes, Don iam? What is it dude long hair haven't slept much wearing women food. He does that you wore one MIDI really yeah I could see that being fun for him he's just a wacky dude he's like dude black holes, women, shoes, [, __, ] like crazy. By the way did he really was a womanizer? He [ __ ], like crazy he's, like he's like MC, swear my yeah Einstein. What was his first name Lawrence number Albert Lawrence. He would've never become anything if his name was Larry Einstein Einstein man that guy's not famous at all that guy's smarter than [ __ ]. Nobody will [ __ ], who is his brother, did I bet his brother was a real [, __ ] yeah, who went to sleepaway camp years after he was too old to be there yeah like damn. If you're 17 brother 9 wait ice, that's kind of a dope name. Can you can you be Einstein today? Are you know what you're gonna be [ __ ] for a life, because that's a bad comparison to set yourself up for, like oh I nine over here right, but it's a dope name. It is a good name, but if they but yeah, he ruined it by being too dope today for Hitler ruined it by being too andö the under that's the best way to establish a bond, he wins it yeah man, those are dark artists right there, all of them really and I sign I. Think is too, because you know to be playing around in women's shoes with electricity or [ __ ] at the house bro. When there's no fire department's back, then I think you may be thinking of uh. You gotta be really you gotta be kind of cruel of the middle. You gotta have a cruel, caramel, Center, well nothing's, darker than a black hole and that's what he predicted did he really in the end, in his theory of relativity predicted black holes and he he did the mash. He crunched the numbers and he's like, according to this theory and I'm, the most brilliant guy alive. So, according to this theory, there's black holes and he's like, but this is such so strange that this could exist, that my theory must be wrong Wow and he died before they found actual black holes, but he in his math and in his imagination he was like this thing is so [ __, ], weird that this could exist, that this theory is wrong. Isn't that crazy? That's like having such an imagination, coupled with such a just like the ability to like the facts, the figures and just that's fascinating, just to have both of those things and that severe I love learning about him. He was, he was like one in a billion I mean and I by the by the accounts. He would just sit there all day like in his office and just think like in the [ __ ] matrix bro. He would have thought he would call them thought experiments. That's how we figured out like all this [ __ ] about light and gravity and explain nobody explained what gravity was until he had a theory of gravity. Well, people never just kind of wait: loitering! Well, no Isaac Newton had this theory of gravity in motion, but I I'm steins, the guy, who figured out the time and spaces of fabric oh and that gravity bends it like he just was. This guy was so brilliant. He sat in his office and he was having a thought experiment and he imagined the more mass you had, the more you bended this fabric of space and it's [, __ ], crazy, that's crazy! Imagine didn't go into telling somebody come and tell your neighbor that yeah bro where's Larry I liked him better. Yeah I just saw a guy outside of the DSW shoes and he yeah crazy. Imagine what he you think he [ __ ] like awesomely or you think I was like he [ __ ] nasty it one's really nasty science, not that there's not attractive science, girls! No! But I, don't think he was like. You know like a basic kind of sexual guy. You think he was like doing wild stuff in equations. He was like. Let me yeah. Why don't we just drop me from a hundred feet in China? You know if you want to do that. I wish I knew it could go either way. I bet, there's drawings. I bet, somebody grew him. [, __, ] he's proud, I! Imagine some yeah, oh my god! Wait. Mm-Hmm did I totally forgot. Uh we're supposed to take a break I've been having such a blast know what dance said. Um you having a blast, almost cried one time did you I mean it was good, but yeah, it's still fun. What time at? What point? Did you almost fell? I mean I, don't know man probably about the just I. Don't know man, your dad just doing ice boys, yeah and the radio. Did he do radio I he was. She did yeah. He take by the way all my success. He takes credit how'd, you percent credit for he's like yep. That's my boy. I was like that I've done good, just watch, The Bachelor! Damn. What did you send me? I can't find the link looked it up and he had mistresses while married, because when you're that smart and you're, that stressed you got a [, __, ], DJ I, guess it's all part of the same equation. Yeah. If I was real stressed out and I had to do science all day. Dirty became all items. Oh this [ __ ] chromium on my sleeve [ __ ], somebody yeah dude. Imagine you [ __ ]. Some girl- and next thing you know you left a bunch. You know like who you know you had someone your code and you know next thing you know she's got a theory I'm all over. Imagine the lawsuit I bet he was in a lot of lawsuits. I. Think back then was just different, like you could walk around women's shoes, I didn't think aids was around them like he probably was strapping on I bet. He had aids in the house. He invented it he's like all right guys. We're like I, saw into the future. You don't want it you're, saying yeah, hey, take a whiff of this Tiffany I love, I, love, learning about Einstein man he's such a [ __ ] freak he's he's so smart he's so ahead at a time like. Not only did he figure out what the space and time are I'll fabric mm-hmm the gravity bends. He also figured out a equals MC square, which is what he figured out. What light is nobody understood? What light was what they think it was just a bunch of brightness around him. Well think, well, think what is it you know? It's hard to conceptualize it yeah. They probably thought it was God. Well, he figured out like you know, religious, then it did. He was so brilliant man, I'd [, __ ] him I. Take the night on him. You would oh yeah I, think I missed on him deposit. It house Hermione Granger, not an element, the Granger Hermione Granger. She might be. Oh yeah, that's Drive injected in a while yeah I haven't either but yeah man and what I have sex with Einstein dude. If I wasn't gay wait, I don't know if I would I mean I'm, not gay, but if I wasn't also gay like in another time, I get back in time. It wasn't gay there yeah yeah, because you can go back in time and be gay. That's one of the things. I heard you go back in time. Do you know you meet a lot of men? It depends on where you go dude your fantasies about going back in time, but do if you use the thing, think you go back in time. You get there. You're like hey I'm from the future yeah and you're. Just a dude is walking around most straight dude. You like get the [ __ ] out of my yard, buddy, you know, but Gators you like hey, come tell me about it. You've thought about this man well, think about that, though, no make sense. If you're, you know, you show up you're clean. You know yeah a lot of Gators I'm like oh I'll. Listen to this guy, [ __ ]! All right! You know gay guys aren't always super friendly. You know. Sometimes they have sexual deviant. You know they can be really wild yeah, and so sometimes they want to do dirty stuff and be wild with people and they. So if yeah, if you were some guy who's, got a secret yeah. Oh that's a [, __ ] bow dude, that's [, __, ], gay, babe, David love, uh, see yeah you're right. Do you wanna [, __ ], a guy tell him! You got a secret dude and two cups of coffee back at your place, but you're I do sometimes I'm jealous of gay dudes because they they [ __ ], so good by gay dudes, because you think, like guys, are they try to [ __ ] anything already yeah. But then, when you put like when you mix that together, it's like those two elements are not supposed to mix together like [, __, ], water and sodium explodes yeah, - gate and two guys, because they always want to [ __ ]. You put them on Grindr or whatever, and you know what they're why they call Grindr, because those dicks spark and make [ __ ] fire, but really I'm, all the grinding together, Flint and Stanley huh and I and I don't mean to uh no son, see I'm, not disparaging the gay community, no I'm, saying I'm jealous that they all [ __ ] like crazy and they're working out, and they are look good, yeah dude when I was yellowy, bad I would be a bad guy. You would be a good guy. I wouldn't like it, though. What, after all that I? Wouldn't like it and I think it looks fun. The parties look fun. You know some of the cocaine. You know. People pretending, they're, not gay, but really are gay, looks fun. I, don't know, that's not you I just couldn't do it. I got too much [ __ ] to deal with man, I! Think for me yeah. You know it's already. I just couldn't yeah I thought about it for a little while when I was younger and I was like, maybe I'm gay, but I was just really lonely, yeah and uh, and then I was like yeah I'm, not gay man I, just maybe when I'm 80, because that 80 is who gives up. Nobody even cares like like who cares if that guy want to shoot up? Yeah heroin go all out some dick yeah I'm, serious I've thought about like if I'm 80 and like you passed away like if you passed away ELA before me and I'm sitting then, and like our kids Theodore put me in a [, __, ] old home, he took our money. We work our asses off. We [ __ ] good, made good investments, got a nice little fun he's gonna. Take all that he's gonna get me a nice retirement home, so he doesn't feel bad about who's. Gonna feel guilty, so it's like the bat Swan, but they still serve jello and [ __ ] microwave chicken I'm like what does it matter? Oh I'm gonna get some heroin I'm sayin or all you could put me in this [ __ ] and me give me a couple. Little grim, you gotta get me some air when and you gotta fund me up. You got to get me. Gay prostitutes, Wow you're, gonna get busted. What are they? Gonna do huh and at least know that you're doing it. Oh I'm, 80, well, yeah I, agree about me by that, but they're gonna bail is dead and gone. That's that's the sorrow, though. If eel is gone, then the store need excite. I need to bury the sorrow after his wife passed. This happens you're. Basically, the show Ricky Gervais is just posted. Oh you're, right they're, like oh yeah I, have the podcast I go when I get in a case. You know dark holes where people are we but I've never done the time, travel and that's why and a lot of men would hit on you, but it's true man, if some guys out on the interstate right now he's from the future right. First of all, if you're from the future, do you end up [ __, ] homeless, nobody's like oh, hey, here's somebody from the future. Let me listen. No one yeah! You gotta play that close to the best way cool dude. You don't drop any f-bombs. You know what I'm saying like yeah right now. We do got a break. Okay, we do have to take a break guys. We're gonna, take a quick break. We've got so many goofs and gasps and laughs and future speculation to come. We've got dad talk, we've got all kinds of stuff. You don't want to miss. So let me just wrap up this me introducing the commercial break, so we can get past that and get back to the show. Oh, you thought without further ado you're in the commercials dude. The future stitch fix is a beautiful thing for a guy like me, and a guy like you, that wants to look good but doesn't want to go through the hassle of going to a store, picking out clothes happy to care about clothes. Maybe you don't have a mom or a girlfriend. That's sad! If you don't have a mom, but maybe you don't have a mom that picks out clothes for you like when you were 12 years old. Okay, that's what stitch fix? Does it's an online personal styling service that finds and delivers clothes, shoes and accessories that fit your body, budget and lifestyle? All you do. All you do is go to stitch fix comp /ht. Are you telling me your size? What styles you like? How much you want to spend you'll be paired with your very own personal stylist aka, your own ela. This is gonna, make you look a bomb who will hand pick items to send them right to your door. You try them on eBay. Only for what you love and you return. The rest. Shipping and exchanges and returns are always free. There's no subscription required. You can sign up to receive scheduled shipments or get your fixed whenever you want. Their styling fee is only 20 bucks which is applied towards anything you keep from your shipment. So if you want to look bomb, if you want to look sharp- and you don't want to waste your time at Macy's nightmare, that places then get on over right now, Citrix comm, / h3, you get an extra 25% off when you keep all the items in your box. That's stitch fix comm, /, H free to get started a sit fix, comm, /, h3, guys, honey is free money. It's that simple, and it's that true. It's a free browser extension that when you shop when you checkout at online stores, it searches the web and automatically applies them for the bomb as coupons. What's the catch, there isn't one! You can't catch this because it's way too fast does that analogy? Work yes, ela says honey. It's free! It takes two clicks here. For example, Lila was doing some shopping just the other day for some outdoor furniture boom. What do you know? We were about to pay full price, 132 bucks, honey, steps in and says sorry buster, sorry to close it overstock X or whatever was the way name of the website over. It's not over stock. There's no way the and they're like oh we're, gonna get 132 honey's like hold on not so fast you're getting 112 because they applied a coupon boom automatically and saved us $20. Without even thinking about it. It is literally free money. It's so easy to install put it. Try it for a week. Try it yourself, there's nothing to lose. If you know lucky you're in the stall for Frick, so you're not obligated hundred thousand five star reviews on Google Chrome store. Okay, it saves ten million members, an average of twenty eight dollars, 61 cents. There's no reason it's free to use easy, install just two clicks, so go shop with confidence, get honey for free at join honeycomb /hz! That's join honey, a.com, slash, h3, the smart shopping assistant. That saves you time and money when you're shopping online. Apologies to all you bald sons of [ __ ] out there, but you need to hear what I'm about to tell you. Okay. First of all, it's not your fault, because 66 percent of men start to lose their hair by their age by the time they're, age, 35 and once you've noticed it started thinning it's already too late. So here's what we need to do. We need to attack this now what you still had a shot at a happy normal life. It's not that dramatic, but I usually recommend guys. Listen to this for Hamm's calm. It's a one! Stop shop for a hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for men, thanks to science, baldness can be optional. We've got to prevent, prevent prevent guys. You don't want to be in that situation in the shower, and your hair is going down. The drain like that scene from psycho. Okay, prevent prevent, prevent science is here to help. We are helping guys to be the best version themselves, with licensed physicians and fda-approved products to help treat hair loss. This is the real deal. These are prescriptions backed by science. His group was created by a guy who knows some men's health conversations are easier online than in-person. This you don't have to have an awkward in-person doctor visit or long Pharmacy line for hims connects you to real doctors online, which can save you hours completely confidential and discreet. Well, there's nothing discreet about going bald, it's pretty obvious! That's so ya get their loss treatment. Everyone is talking about featured in GQ, Men's, Health, Esquire and playboy, just to name a few. This is the real effing deal. My listeners can get started for hims, complete hair loss kit for just five dollars right now today, while supplies last and of course, subject to the doctor's approval, because this is the real deal, restrictions apply and you're going to need to see the website for full details, but this would cost you hundreds of dollars if you went to the doctor or pharmacy or anywhere else so right now, let's cure that bald [ __ ] editor's and get some beautiful hair back on that thing and I'm not talking about duct tape and pubes I'm. Talking about real hair, the curls out of your head go to for hems, calm, /h, Street, that's fo, r, hims, calm, /h, three, four hands: calm, /h: three shopping for insurance is a nightmare because you go directly to the big boys and they rip you off. But when you have a website like policy genius that automatically compares to the prices and the quality of the plans, you're gonna find yourself having a much easier time and a way better price. That's the beauty of policy genius. In two minutes you can compare, quotes from top insurance to find the best policy for you, I'm talking car insurance, I'm, talking, renter's insurance, I'm, talking, disability insurance, I'm talking life insurance. If you have anything your life worth, leaving anything to kind of dark, but funny when you pull in line the advisors at policy genius will handle all the red tape. They leave a negotiate, your rate with the insurance company, no Commission sales agents, no hidden fees, just helpful advice and personalized service. I personally hate dealing with directly with these insurance companies. You need someone in between makes such a big difference. Paul each policy genius it's in the name, they're geniuses, okay, so if you find the whole thing puzzling head on over to policy genius doc komm, because in two minutes you can compare, quotes, find the right policy and save up to 40% billing it and that's actually serious I've personally saved a ton of money through going through brokers. Instead of going straight so policy genius. Okay, guys hit it up. It's the easy we're way to compare and buy insurance policies, policy genius.com back with Theo von. We were talking about well, first of all, guys! Okay, have you been convinced yet that that you need to catch him on tour, go to Theo von Romme and get some tickets right right, safe, yeah, good, all right! Next, we're doing some shows out it'd be fun yeah weekend. If you like the heat, you like the you know, what else do they have I think they got illegal immigrants? If you like that, I mean that's a place to meet them yeah. You know they're looking to meet people, I'm, sure house, they're, not a dating site for the head there. You just got here because ice would be like I should make that site. Oh that's true: legal illegal date, dot ice, yeah, paperless, gov, gov, that's so weird paperless looking to meet somebody, because that there probably is a real need for that. Actually, when you think about it, whether they all hang out around the same spots, they met each other they're back. They they're there they're doing it the old-fashioned way they meet up at the [ __ ] I, don't wanna, say anything to slippery slope: Ross Dress for Less! That's what I'm thinking to my boss. They yeah you were wrong. Yeah no I like Ross, but hyotei, is in the sale bin coming it's the dog. They got some undercurrents. You know what else is crazy. What's that one across a buyer, I don't want to see I can't say it. Cuz I gotta find out how it's done. I was enjoying that conversation yeah. What did you want to go in a different direction? Well, just to remember that. Remember that song, riders on the stone yeah. Of course, you know that song was about advertisers people that advertise. They got plane that that that part of it was about you know when they have a plane in the air eat. They said like eat at Joe's, a big item. Okay I saw that in a documentary on hate, radio and I was like what deaf [ __ ], that that's what that line was a browser because I was thinking like like you. Your imagination goes wild. When you hear these lines, yeah Dan, that's so sick, but he was just tripping out in the desert and there was a [ __ ] airplane with the scientists baffling man and I was like that's not that psychedelic yeah, it's like hey, if it was just like did I mean he he made it sound, really cool yeah, but yeah riders on the storm, LLC I'm sure it says, yeah yeah defunct now yeah yeah yeah, that's just one of those cases of the world is not always, as it seems now. Yeah cuz, I think riders on the storm. What is it like? You know I still picture like a dark guy and like a boat with like lightning coming out of his eyes. Yeah. You know just like in a rowboat on a cloud kind of close there's a guy in a plane, maybe with some but no goggles on yeah, probably drinking tang. They stepped tang backbone tank spike tank. What do you spike ting with I think probably liquor more water if it's too thick later I? Don't think water spiking, that's a hard life when you spike with water, I'm gonna spike this punch it's way too sweet I got to dilute this good I. Was you got me thinking about Einstein, though you got me thinking about it? I don't even know what I mean I barely I knew a little bit about it. What he did I've seen his black on my photos, mm-hmm, you know I've seen some of the drawings of each he. He probably changed the world. This is a hard statement to quantify, but he probably changed the world more than any. Certainly, that's so hard to quantify, who could say: yeah be out of him in Jesus, Christ, probably he's just crisis watch and then the white when you watch The Bachelor. If you leave today we're all watch, The Bachelor, right, I'll watch it at home or watch it on Hulu like the delayed episode, wait who's Daniel white Dana White, who does the UFC that guy is oh, he brought back kind of like Roman fighting, okay, you know trying to think of other people that are black theater ask [ __ ] yeah. Are you not entertained yeah yeah, that's kind of but I'm trying to think of other people that have really changed the world? Sorry I was just yeah I thought you my mind. I was like we owe this. Guy saw him forever. No yeah we've been talking a lot. I'm Stein watched, The Bachelor is what you owe well, that's a question: would he get addicted to the thing? Would it ended his whole career yeah? He didn't have like my dad he's like oh yeah. He would have take it, but if my dad was like the [ __ ] smartest guy everybody just watched The Bachelor all day, you watch this [ __ ], even worse than that bro yeah. Does he - what's worth what else? Actually there's just well so where's darker place. Yet because that's a real addicted the bachelors addictive this flowers. There's love this possibility. There's traveling I, always wonder why I'm watching it - oh yeah, while I'm watching it it's simultaneously but there. So there is worse than The Bachelor, but at a certain point it becomes kind of dope like when you go on TLC and you see shows like my little life yeah, my huge wife, my littlest life. Yes about little people, it's like white, that's it yeah! It's about a family of little people, because it's so free because it's all so you can't even really, unless you're a neighbor, you can't go, hang out with a family of little people. That is a luxury that may be reason. I have yeah. If you even from two houses over you, can't [ __ ] him to stop by a mill around all the time taking photos, and that would be strange. So a lot of it is the ability to just drop in there and see. What's going on yeah, you know a little bit little people big problems was one day: oh wow, they actually named it that well cuz. If they're. Originally they had a little people big world with the pumpkin farmers, fascinating yeah, and then they had. You know you growing the largest vegetables and you're smaller. Yes, how do you even carry that pumpkin? And how do you even just to take that on and say you know what yeah we could grow? Kumquats brah? We could grow grapes like our other [ __ ]. You know like our ancestors as little weak, [, __ ], but let's go [, __ ], large bro. Let's go pumpkins and change the world and they did you know the Roloffs man I followed that family. You know I think the son was a male model for a little while in college you know followed them up until I about four years ago. What happened I got tired of it and also then I realized they're children I'm looking up children on the Internet, oh yeah, even though I was doing a perm, you know just kind reasons I felt like it was still started to make me. It was wind also a lot of we're doing it for uncon reasons that I'm gonna get caught up because I was using my neighbor's Wi-Fi he's a good guy and I. Don't want that. I people handed on him there every time somebody knocked on his door kit here, I'm gonna text it right now. It just say: look scary that you can use someone's wife fine through all this gnarly [ __ ], like I, know that never even occurred to me at all. Somewhat recently, I remember I when I was broke in college. I asked my neighbor can't believe I did that you there's two there's two types of people in this world: people who ask if they can use their neighbor's Wi-Fi and those the doll. Yeah I need a cup of your Wi-Fi and you did it well. I was like bro, we just split the car. Oh that's a good deal, okay, because I was broke and the internet was [, __ ] expensive and they were predatory too and that college town they're like oh yeah. You need a little internet $60 a month to him I'm like bro I, didn't even yeah I'm net I'm losing money every day. You know so I said I'll, give you 30 bucks, let's split the internet and I just downloaded a ton of kiddie porn and I think jail now, Jesus Christ! No! That's all! That's joking! Oh yeah, dude I! Remember when the before they even had child pornography. When children were just not, you know doing that, and they had somebody one time when I was in college, sent me a picture of two old men and they were naked in a room. I. Remember getting this email out, lemonparty and they'd seen the same image and they had a kid like sitting on a bed. No I haven't seen that image right and I. In my mind, I'd, never thought about old people and children and sex. You know or anything wild like that. So I remember seeing me like. Oh, this is [ __, ] hilarious, but I. Remember seeing him in like what a crazy idea like you know, everybody is naked, you know, and so like life is naked, this is just an you know. It's almost like an art like this is how people you know it's like this is when they're old- and this is when they're young- and these guys are, you know, watching TV or whatever you know, I thought so I sent it to everybody. I knew I was like god. This is so silly and dude I remember like two years later running into an ex-girlfriend and she goes well. What have you been up to with your life right? She was yeah. Well, nobody will forget that time. You send that picture of two pin and then make it kid. Everybody know like that's what that was: oh, my guess what that was. If you look at it like a freak executed by everybody, you know I just thought it was like I thought it was like seeing a couple rabbits in a yard. You know when you see two rabbits on a goats back like in a photo sure yeah like I thought. It was like that. Oh, let's just mix the world, you know I didn't think of it as sad. Did you get any responses? I know that girls won seven. When that girl told me that then I started to feel I mean I. Think that probably made me feel bad about myself, because then I thought I, don't remember, I, don't have that account anymore. You know who's on that email list. Seen that it's still looking for you. She also said the kid she goes was that you in the photo, because the kid looked like me a little bit. That's why I think somebody had originally sent it to me like hey man. Is this you I was like no, it's not me. Dude I, don't know two old people. That would be naked in a room with me. You know and just take him photos so I wasn't thinking like. Oh, these guys are being dirty. You know it's sad that you can't even be safe. You can't be even clean anymore. Sometimes if you want to of heart without it going to like a dirty place, you look at a tribe. You see now those photos, those people standing around a fire all the time. Everybody's [, __ ], naked yeah, but that's okay, no I agree! It's you know, you know to you know through to seniors and uh. You know and a seven-year-old in a motel 6 and suddenly now that's everyone. You know yeah, it's not cool, that's not cool! My yeah bro! You know that ain't I err. So it's different. It's a bit different, how we see it through different lenses and it's unfair. Sometimes yeah like, if you took a picture in your yard, you got your grandparents to be outside naked right and they're nice people mm-hm, and then you get your little nephews to be out there right and you get a cute picture of them out by the clothing line, mm-hmm and they're all naked. But it's nice outside right, it's not nighttime, and then you send that to a call people like wow crazy day, looking for food right, okay, but you take a picture out of any National Geographic, which is basically what they're saying if every single one and suddenly those people totally fine doing anything Wow. It's just people looking for goji berries and then you over here just because it takes place a you know, a couple miles: Detroit everybody's going to jail! It's crazy! It's crazy! You can't be a clean family. You can't be a family that just you know everything it's now and I. Don't know if the perversion comes from the inside these days as much as it comes from the outside. You know absolutely yeah, because, while all the sudden everybody's, a pedophile ya, know what happened: yeah why's everybody, [, __, ], just bored out walking the most people just looking at him, making them well sure I mean yeah. That's the locals are say that you're right I should have said that yeah. Well, it's important to get the facts made yeah yeah. We don't want people, thinking about that or I, don't anyway and I said, but it's your show what do I mean know by air but like why? You know I! Think about that myself like why all of a sudden, it seems like that's like the cool thing to do not like cool but like all these powerful old folks are just like putting their do. What's going on yeah yeah, if they just got now, some of it could be an extreme wealth. You know it back in Rome whenever they got too much power at a certain point. They just ran out of things to do, and so, like you know, your lizard mind goes to that next thing you got that sugar lizard your head, like I, never tried. Tennis is always happening, but you don't have their I guess you couldn't have the exposure I, just I I. Try to you have to be so evil to do that. I was talking about the Michael Jackson thing a lot. I, don't know if you want to get it so polarizing and you don't want. If you don't have a strong opinion, I wouldn't even recommend yeah I. Don't have any opinion come to your house, you get it wrong. I mean I'll, but but but people like, let's say hypothetically, he did it mmm-hmm. It's like yeah. You just like why you gonna [ __ ] kids. But did he start? What do you think? Here's the thing and here's our thing? It's a good point. There's good-looking people out there. Why do you have to he? Probably I, would guess stop developing emotionally at some young age, but you still develop sexually. So then you have these weird young emotions that are very real. Like oh, you know like giving a Valentine to a kid. You know to a kid at school or you know like your first girlfriend or like kissing behind a tree. You have all those like little things that are real to you as an adult, as you stopped emotionally there, but sexually you're. Still, you know your your whatever age you are so I would guess. When those two things meld in the weird world he was in of ego and also then a capability, and then you end up probably doing in that type of a weird world, so they feel. Okay, that's that's a good insight. You gotta be right about that. Maybe I am no well. There's got to be a reason, but the thing is like you can be attracted to kids, but you don't have to molest them yeah. That takes a special evil because it's like, if you're attracted to kids I, don't know what happened in your life to make you that way, but it's out of your control, I, don't think anyone would would uh would choose to be attracted to kids. Oh no I mean that's a horrible, that's all curse! Yeah! Imagine bending down every time you want it. You know hug somebody or kissing you know or you having to get down. You know like sit down and that would be horrible. You couldn't date a kid yeah you couldn't they can't. You can't go to any of the same places. People would look at you, weird yeah. You know you'd have to put mustaches on man. That would be crazy to really date them. You know I'm, not the kind of guy who would have sex with the child ever you know, would I take a kid out for a nice meal and drop them off without touching them. Yeah. That's good on you I! Am that guy? That's good! Yeah! Bro! You want true. Why does it become such a thing now that every person cuz, then it makes it? Oh, you don't want to interact with kids and then the kids everybody's scary person, because they're not interacting with everyone, scared everyone's a pedophile, everyone's, a predator. It feels like real scary and then it makes you super paranoid about yourself too. Like yeah like I, don't know you know what I mean yeah, you know yeah, oh dude, I, don't know when we were young, we used to go to the armed kmb store. They used to have a kmb store. It was like a CVS before CVS and Walgreens bought everybody out and we'd be in the store. Do me and my friend Daniel and you had to run over if he said when they had a kid we'd, be like dude. You sneak over there touch that kids neck and run off right. So we would just play this game like how many next kids next you could walk like nothing, crazy sexual touch that kids neck and escape will do this bro we get up to about 30, kids, necks in a day, bro people [ __ ], like scared, [Laughter], we got a little too freakin wild and I. Remember this one boy's dad beat the [ __ ] out of him was that Werther's Originals he beat him with a bag of Werther's robinette [ __ ] hurt him. How bad is it wasn't that big of a bag mean the only head like right there hard and when you get him mixed up that densely yeah? It's a packs of extra punch, yeah and he'd beaten with a couple bags. Actually, I love those there's two types: people in the world, people who love were theirs and people that don't you look where there's I do I love them, I didn't think I. Would, though, I think it's okay, you used to hate him, yeah, what's changed since you are with child that you now or uh. Do you feel like food? Was there anything taste, wiser, mmm, just eating a lot of sweets, yeah sugar, baby? It's a thing. They called sympathy! Michael. You should have seen this burger yesterday. I wish we took a picture of it. Man I, don't want to make a dude I've gained like 20 pounds Wow, because she's not much of an eater and when she eats I, get excited yeah cuz I'm, repressing my hunger all the time around her right and now she's eating. So now you get to let it and the monsters out. Yeah he's raging my little Einstein and he don't love lettuce. You know, I'll, take I'll, eat lettuce as long as I'm three [ __ ] patty row. Three patty lettuce is one of the best things ever bro you watch the, but I saw you tweet about the Bachelorette you watch, The Bachelor, dude I went over to David Spade's house. One item watch, the bathroom, which was very crazy, was he's super into it. He loves it like too much way too much. He knew everyone, and not only that he made me sit on the sofa he sat behind the sofa in a chair. You don't like sofas, do, but that's that Broman thing you get so Roman that you get furniture, you don't sleep on a bag. You sleep in a [, __ ]. You know you got four men holding you up, it's not more comfortable, it's just higher level. Yes, what can I do next, yeah so but yeah we watched a full episode and you know I've enjoyed it. Okay, because I saw you tweeting out about the Bachelorette choice of Hanabi. You said no, yes, you're familiar enough with her. Is that such it I found her to be the least likable one on the whole show yes, and they gave her I. Think about the whole premise of The Bachelor. That trips me out is the assumption that everybody wants to marry this person. It's like it's like that person's, not like the new one with Colton I was like this [ __ ] doesn't have a job yeah yeah they go, they kept going. Yeah I guess he's like a big strong guy, so the girls kept being like he makes me feel safe as a you know, to make a girl feel safe, get a [, __, ] job yeah go war and a lot but yeah it's like yeah. What's he gonna like what they gotta have a job? It's like what do they find it? What are they competing for this guy? He he's never even [ __ ] he's a virgin yeah yeah. He hasn't [ __ ] and he doesn't have a job. This guy's, not even a catch dude he's basically and he's like a middle school. That's everybody in middle school boy or girl, and they vanish like hold hands and kiss and they're like I, want to marry him yeah and I'm supposed to believe that they're all about and so I guess that's part of the joys, because it's so but then, when I really got a dose of reality is the episodes when they said with the live audience: oh yeah and they're 90 percent women and they're like they're, so into it. That's the what these women fantasize the fans about a man who can keep them safe, doesn't have a job and has never had sex yeah. They were so invested. I like three guys yeah I, didn't I can do that I! Think I, don't even like doing sex that much man. It's really you know it's like me. I feel like it's like meeting somebody during like a busy time of day and having to be exactly on time. Just makes me kind of what you've said and I stand it because, as Jerry Seinfeld once said, and I love forgot for many guys, sex is just like a car crash. Yes, is just lots of noise. Confusion! Screeching yeah and then you guys are staying on another onion you're in just two people that have just [ __ ] that are in a room together right. What now yeah? What's the maxillary yeah? Well, that's what Sibylla are all times I should all didn't analyze a 24-hour bath routine! Oh yeah! That's a good call. Did you see actually I want to show you some videos? Oh yeah, did you see the guy rapping for Hanabi? Did you know how they Brett they bring out these guys? You can watch it right here now, Colton's handsome I mean he's handsome. He is. He might not like him because he's handsome at all. You have a thing. No I do not yeah. In fact I would say I. You know when I was younger, I used to resent handsome guys yeah, but as I've matured and as I found my own I mean I've listened, it would be violating I, don't need anything I'm, good I, don't resent handsome guys so I, look at him. I say that's a handsome guy, mmm-hmm he's! Probably his dick is probably so small. That's why he's never [ __ ]! You think his dick is probably like a size of a tic tac. Why would that kind off ever [ __ ]? Why would he why see? Why would that it doesn't make sense? Maybe there's a fish. You know sheepish cuz his dicks the size of a little [ __ ] baby ACORN, not even like a fully won't grown ACORN I. Don't know why you think man, that's what I that's what I it see like? Well, yeah may I, don't know I, don't dislike him, but it's just a guy he's. Just a [, __ ] guy right, I see he's just a guy on the street that I passed by and now all the whoa. What about one of these girls? What do they know about him other than he's attractive, right, yeah, I guess: I am angry yeah because of that I can grease and I'm angry at a lot of things and I. Don't know I'm angry right, I get that man I get angry a lot of times. Dude like I, find myself [, __, ], angry bro and I'm, just like what am I so angry and yeah. Hey people like what can I do for you, [ __, ], I'm, still angry shut up, yeah yeah I get mad at I, get mad at everything, wonder what that comes from man. That makes me mad too cuz, I I'm. So funny you say that I'm gonna fight in my life right now. It's just like I'm angry about stuff. Sometimes, and everything is going. Ok, that's the one! Then that makes it worse and why do I deal with it with anger, yeah what I eat with anger? Yeah you get mad at yourself. You get angry at yourself. The real truth is that I believe it's self-loathing like so no matter what is going on you, the source of anger, isn't is yourself, so you can't escape it. Mmm like if you react the way you react. It's all comes down to how you feel about things and if you're the way, you're reacting to things is frustrating you're you're not enjoying the way you're acting you're acting unhealthy, like I, always get angry or irritable. Yes, so you you hate yourself and you get tired of it. This is dark. It's kind of dark, but you get tired of being yourself in a lot of ways. Yeah and so I feel like it's an anger. That's always there at yourself, so it kind of bubbles out right, yeah, but there I don't know they're. You know no I think if that's true there's an anger somewhere inside of me, always at myself for some reasons that are probably even invisible or might at some point in my life I thought I. You know I thought bad things about myself thought negative things. I experience things that something was wrong with me. So then I got angry at the way that I was mm-hmm, so yeah, maybe there's a bunch of anger there, but then like how do I beat it? You know. So probably you know probably helping other people somehow I think that's a beautiful thought. I mean I, haven't developed that far yet I'm still selfish, yeah I mean I'm just trying to think how to beat it because it can't stay inside you for them right. No, that's a really! That's really wise I've just started like therapy and taking antidepressants. Oh wow you're. Just there. You just got I started that, like six months ago Wow and before that I was a [ __ ] mess bro like I was, could not function. Wow like I literally couldn't function. So that's been a painful man. People think then you're mean to sometimes not saying you and I. Never was ever heard that I'm saying that I don't know I was mean, but that's the thing and then you can't function, it's miserable being miserable and the worse it smell and, like you said, you've got everything going for you got the dream: job you're married wife. You got that not zygote all going on wavy on zag or trimester, super wizard, yeah, yeah man, a lot of blessings huh and then and then you're like [ __ ]. You know it's funny, you know, did I just I keep talking about it because I'm dealing with some of the same stuff like everything's, okay and then why can't I? Just you found yourself, you're angry a lot recently. Yeah and just I, don't know what it's at and I I. Don't let it out very much you know, but it's like yeah I. Just don't know why I'm just so frustrated, you know you get em when you don't let it out, then it comes out in a different way. You're not even aware right, like I, don't know, I noticed how about me. What about me? I was another. How you tolerated me, not necessarily you I had this weird like shoulder pain, oh dude, it's it's! It's gonna, sound crazy, but I had this shoulder pain that started out of nowhere and then it just kept getting worse and worse and worse until like when I would get it. It would last for like a week and I couldn't function and like I, did all the tests and MRI whatever and everything was fine. Sorry, you sip of water yeah, take your time, I get nervous, sometimes and when there's dead air, but really there's nothing wrong. You know what that wasn't that bad of a dead air moment sometimes I'll be listening to shows and the dead air goes for so long. You gotta like open your phone, and you bet it's still playing yeah. Oh there's, one more a guy died. There's an early dinner and people are like: oh [, __, ] man and people. The funny thing is you'll, be listen. If you don't know, we died you're like what the [ __ ] man, you're, [, __ ] with me again: [ __ ], with notes. First piece of [ __ ] this so much. That's a [ __ ] suave move. If you're gonna die, okay, go in there, buddy yeah, no I. Let's go back to a live air. Yeah I ended up. You actually bought me this book about the pain treatment was heard of Howard Stern I'm, a fan of Howard Stern, hmm and he was, and this I this sounded like pseudoscience, the stupidest [ __ ] ever, but he is always going on and on about this doctor he's a genius he saved my life he's lightyears ahead and and I was like well. Okay, I'm gonna buy this book for ela, because there's people out there with back pain. They probably want to know that I yeah man I've partial discectomy. What is that it took out part of my desk Oh at the hospital? Were you injured, yeah? So I'll find it in a second but I I started reading this book and like it sounded like complete [, __ ] at first and I. Almost I, almost like just gave up on the book, but I kept reading and at first he's just describing your symptoms, and it was like spot-on exactly what I was experiencing and then he describes the calm personality that usually happens to him, and it was exactly me too, and then he starts explaining that. Basically, it's it's actually psychological and it comes from something that caused a bunch of anger, and you knew that you weren't aware of and your body you weren't letting it out. So it ends up manifesting itself in this way. That makes the pain and it was like it's gonna, sound crazy, but the treatment is just understanding that that's what it is and then it actually goes away and it went away and like I, couldn't believe it I kept telling either dude like it's so ridiculous, because I don't believe [ __, ] I'm, the most cynical [ __ ]. You thought that why don't ya notice? She, wouldn't she wouldn't even wear necklaces I stopped wearing jackets, even like anything, a little heavy. It was a real sensitivity, yeah, hmm and I. So she read this [ __, ] I didn't think you finished the book. You just read: half of it what you were healed, I well. The banding was just kind of who reads a whole book. I got no but like that. That was a real shocking thing to me, because I truly never believed in life in that kind of, like mystical connection she's like mine and body, like that literal healing, back pain, I think that's what it is. I think it's what was called yeah and the guy he don't [ __ ] her up the title. It's just called healing back pain, Jesus, yeah, yeah man, XII pain, I, think a lot of it does come from stress and hiding it in different places and stuff. Like that, my mother goes to a tapping place. They do a tapping like the people that tap you and they just sloppy around yeah. Basically, really yeah I mean you got to pay them. You know dude I used to go downtown when I first moved here. A couple: Vietnamese dudes would beat the [ __ ] out of here for 40 50 $70, and they put you in that dog suit the bite suit that they have. You know at FBI, training and next thing you know dude these guys are beat the [ __ ] out of you and brought what you left there you, you didn't have a lot to worry about. Oh. Give me I'll, get that recommendation from you, yeah I, don't still open, I can't X it's dealing back, then no, it's! Okay! When you get angry, do you get angry like inanimate objects or people like? How do you show your anger, you're, fresh or you're? So it's a good question. Man, um I, think I get angry at inanimate objects. Mm-Hmm I lose my ability to to have empathy or sympathy. You know in brief moments and a lot of times. For me, it's about control, anything where there's like control like I, don't want somebody controlling me I, don't like somebody telling me what to do mm-hm, which makes it sometimes tough for me to work with others, but I'm, recognizing that those are two different things now, so I can start to have a little bit more peace about them, but yeah, and so, when I feel like somebody's trying to tell me what to do or there's control or somebody didn't treat, or it's not somebody's they're not being fair to me or to someone else like those are the things that really like fairness, I feel like it's very you know that makes me just so angry I feel like but yeah when I meant when I get angry it just yeah it. Sometimes it's just like this gremlin inside of me that just wants to [ __ ] escape you know and I, don't know, and sometimes I'll just yeah be rude, I'll be short with people sometimes, and usually it's people that I work with. So it's like more in a work environment. Fortunately, I feel like I'm able to come back around and like recognize it a lot of times, but I still wish that I could eradicate it. You know the worst is I used to did I totally feel the same way. I, don't think I really had I, don't understand my triggers, but I would get in these really pissy and I would come in here to the office and, let me short and just [ __ ] such a [, __ ]. You know yeah and I didn't and I. So didn't want to be that way and I'd be like even in my own head like. Oh it's one of those days where I'm, a [, __, ], [, __, ] yeah, where I'm an [, __, ], yeah cuz, then you're, really at a certain point, I'm being victim, I am being a weak to whatever is controlling me, and so that started to be like that have just recently started to be like. Even in this conversation, I need to find some healthy means to be able to figure that out and process it so that I, don't let this anger have control over me because it shouldn't you know, because then it just yeah, it just affects other people and- and you don't want to be meeting other people, you don't want to hurt anybody, especially people that always like being supportive or trying to help exactly and you don't worry yeah. You can't work. You can't appreciate people, you become you become so cynical right and then like like [ __ ], like that guys didn't he [, __ ] up and didn't do this and he didn't do that. Yeah cuz! You, your lens! You got that dark lens on yeah yeah, that's exactly yeah! It's a perspective thing! It's it it's true and then, when you put on those [, __ ], clear glasses, that is reality. Yes, like oh, this guy's tried his best guys the best and like I, do everything perfect, [, __, ], no, oh yeah and and then I'm the guy who shows up at the last minute. It was a [ __. ] [ __ ] doesn't do [ __ ] comes here, leaves them work and they're the [ __ ] yeah [ __ ], you I, know [ __ ], that guy [ __ ] that and I would hate that guy yeah yeah, that's the that's. The that's I think the deep truth is that knowing you would hate that guy, if you met him, yeah you'd be like [ __ ] that guy's a [ __ ] douche yeah. Why would he be like that? Yeah yeah, it's sad and that's what I would also think from about that guy? Oh that's sad man and it said that he feels that way. I said that he has so much anger about something. It said that he can't see the joys in his own life. You know yeah, it's uh, I, don't know, I. Think this conversation is even kind of helpful to think about. It doesn't happen to me a lot, but I do notice. It happens to me, and some of it is like how much stress do I want to put on myself am I trying to do too much. Am I reaching outside of my means so that my system is trying to tell me hey man like this? Isn't some of your path, you're being tempted by you, know different things or things you don't even want to be and right. That's truth! There's truth to that! I found that to be true, it's hard to recognize those signals. - it takes wisdom, yeah I! Think it's it's hard to recognize him. It takes even having conversations like this I think yeah, you know in my love, I, love, I, think a lot of people I, think everybody to one degree or another can relate. Oh yeah, I don't have to be in any position and so I think that I love having conversations like this, because on a personal level, yeah I love it I love hearing what you're going through yeah someone who's in a similar situation of me, but then other people who everyone blames themselves I think in general I know, I have a problem and I. Think people in general have a problem like loving, like genuinely loving themselves or you don't have to love yourself. You just can tolerate yourself. It's almost sounds like insane to me: yeah idea of loving yourself. It is maybe it's name, I, don't know but like what do you mean by that sorry to interrupt you I, because I'm so not capable you having myself that it almost sounds to me like a joke, when you say it's like a little psycho, oh yeah, oh it's crazy, yeah I actually feel the same way like it almost well, then it's like what are you a narcissist? What do you love yourself, you're? Not that great right, the [ __ ]. Do you write but yeah, but see that point, and whenever that part, isn't us that thing will never stop. That thing will always hit the ball from one side of the court and then go to the other side with the same rack, and then you know whatever that thing is it tells you that that thing doesn't care about us at all. That thing is like a that's the dark arts and that's the thing it lives in us. It does not care about us at all. Hmm, you know: it'll come it'll, hit the ball back and forth forever and you'll just [, __ ] be this guy. That plays this game or not you or any of us. You know, will be this person that plays this game. That's not even real and we weren't. Even you know we could have walked off the court and had a blast. Hmm, that's the [ __ ]! That's the that's a great analogy: you're a wordsmith! Did you know that I don't know about that man? You got to accept the compliment thanks man yeah, because it's the same part of us that doesn't accept. Compliments to your right right, you're, right, look, I'm, not as fast Yeah, right, yeah, you're right! So guy, that's sweet of your wall! I appreciate! You know you guys! Are nice timing, it's a nice conversation and it's nice that you guys at a time of your life. You know like I, get scared about, like maybe you know, getting in a relationship and having a family and that kind of stuff, and it's interesting to see that you guys are thinking about some of these things right now, when you're about to have a baby and definitely in there yeah by influencing a kid, you know you can really change the way that things happen in the world and things that happen in your in our own lives. You know, and we can, you know, cut off. You know bad things that have gone down our own. You know tributaries of genealogy and we can change them. I think you know with good parenting and with with you know, with thinking about these kind of things, I hope so I certainly hope so we'll see see how badly we [ __ ] them up. It's more just like it's more like a measure of like how bad we [ __ ] this kid up on a one to ten: it's not how good of a parent were we, how bad of a parent? We really it's crazy. We are in that bad parent. Now it's like almost every parent, it's like they were a bad parent, huh I think it's a generational thing right, I think we're all kind of [ __ ] up parentless people anyway, I feel like I'm, parentless them anyways. When I think about the way my dad was treated by his parents. They were like things he slept in a barn on a oh wow. No he's not that man! Oh really I, was thinking well because they settled Italy been on the sand tonight. Joking, but that's real yeah, those [ __ ], but Annie Annie was like one of ten siblings, deepers and I'm. Sure the parents didn't pay attention. You're right, it'd, be hard to yeah, you're right and it's kind of worth, work, I, think generationally becoming better, maybe yeah or maybe, and also part of our spirit, I think is becoming weak or that, like, like you know, we get told we get we're a lot more in this self-help time. You know I noticed, like my mother, you know later in her life has read more self-help. Books like that kind of thing has become more of a maybe introspection. Maybe our kids will be more on the way out of that, maybe where they're not they're, just living their lives and not examining it's almost a blessing to be able to sit here and examine what our lives I'd, like you know, because otherwise, we'd be like you know, and [ __ ] fighting and lter yeah hunting leopards, yeah yeah, you don't have time real salt of the earth, [ __ ]. We need some [ __ ] survival, bring you to wash yeah. Well, that's. Why that's? Why I'm so anxious would be watch [, __, ], batch watch, Gold, Rush, dude man huh, I watch gold. Those guys are great. Yeah they're, like man, I [, __ ] spent all winter in Alaska blowing up mountains when I make 200 bucks yeah. It was a good. It was a good one. Man versus why who hunts, gold and versus Detroit? Have you seen that no destroy? No, it is over. There did show, though, just some guy just kind of survived in Detroit, a lot of probably the most dangerous yeah of all yeah, a lot of missing Nate lineup. A lot of that [ __ ], you know a lot of people go missing in a Detroit yeah. You know it's almost become like the thing to do like. If you seem Larry know they can escape room high-level escape zone. Actually, there's a company I heard they. You know they have like yeah. You know how they have like really: cool paintball obstacle courses, paintball war, yeah, that's a Detroit! Essentially somebody opened up a Gaza Strip paintball place here that that's [ __ ] up. If no yeah I did hear that I know: you're [, __, ] I'm, trying to think of where that's at I think here that the yeah it's somewhere out in LA, it's somewhere out yeah and once sight is Israeli on one side, I mean I, hear it sir real [ __ ] showdown over there. That's the fast man and then there's really set you get, there's really site you get like fly by paint, buckets yeah, just drop paint on the on the Palestinians, but it's not it's mostly American Jewish people are out there. So it's like a lot of inhalers. A lot of people with asthma. Yeah yeah, but it's fine because they have the they have got like just tubs of paint. How much time we got. We got 30 minutes, I'm savoring every minute, with this yeah. Well, we go back in that Einstein conversation man doing a future travel ëcoz yeah, so I son is like humanity he's a guy he's like a paradigm shift guy like nothing was the same after him right this one guy out of billions and that's the numbers game like Einstein could have easily. He almost got wiped out by the not by the Nazis. Did he really yeah? He escaped World War, two to America. He survived. Barely he almost got wiped out the millions and millions of people that were wiped out. Just imagine what could have been lost. The potential that one person has to change the world for everybody to get a little got little line: II yeah Wow, you know, and so I, and then so I think about that and then how it says. Such a numbers game right, like you've, got all of humanity and then like every like a thousand years, one dude comes along who's, so [ __, ] smart, he's not change everything he's like what the [ __ ] have you guys been doing. He got cheese and bread. You have no sandwiches. There was a guy that did that his name was Sam Williams sandwich really on Wikipedia. Look at oh wow, Williams sandwich I'll. Look that up man! Yes, but yeah. Einstein was that guy dude and that's why I thought? Maybe he could be from the future, because if you come from the future, this [ __ ] is just [. __ ]. You know you got a little pad. It's like Biff from Back to the Future very moment but yeah. How could you know that much and to be of the same like, like you know, there's there's evidence that their time travel is. You know why I've heard this there's a paradox and it makes sense if there was time travelers mm-hmm, wouldn't they have already come back already you're saying there is evidence that there is time there's not there's not. If there was humanity ever had the chance to time travel- hmm, wouldn't they have already visited like the dude, if so from the future worthiness yeah, whether they'd be here and be like oh I'm from the future, they would always have been here right, but always necessarily know right if they tell you their time traveler, but there's a youth, yeah fake right, it would seem like hey I, met this time traveler and bring him into your office. No way everybody would be hrs. You peel em I told me that once and it made a lot of sense to me, but now it doesn't feel that good of a point. But could you really keep that a secret there's no slipping in and out of time and [ __ ] in movies? They gotta go back and fix something they always gotta go unnoticed, I know, but they [ __ ] it up so bad. In the movies, like just imagine what it would really be like because reality's always stranger than fiction right- oh that's, a great that's a great point. I did so I think they would probably send a woman I. Think mmm, a gay woman woman could keep a secret better than a man, a lesbian yeah, let's get pretty violent, those nude a lot of times if it's a late at night after 1:00 a.m. you know, I'm 11 p.m. in under for life, great woman, yeah, probably a little because a lesbian I get. If you sent somebody into a time where their sexuality was like kind of still. Not not rare I mean it's not that rare anymore, but if it were, you know if they maybe too much under a they might already. You want them to be unnoticed. I would feel like right. Lesbians, come conspicuous, yeah, be like good we're in line, but then maybe it would be so obvious and on point like oh yeah, you would never expect it would be like. Oh that's a you. You know that lesbian woman she's also a time traveler nobody's doing all that you know. That's a lot mm-hmm. You know nobody thought that much yeah yeah that I'm just unrealistic. Well, you gotta have I mean I, can't a man I'm like time. Travel beans are always partying, you know doing [ __, ], Woodward I wish I was gay. I wish I wish. I was gay and I wish. I knew more gay people, man yeah, oh yeah man, my buddies to be gay and uh, and we worked at AA. We were Busboys yeah. Oh, it was a sales and drove into an embankment yeah, so our IP actually and he um, but he was like the first gay guy I ever met, you know and he was a boxer too and he was Italian and he uh yeah and dude. He was like the toughest guy ever noon. We were both Busboys, hmm and [. __, ] I, don't know we're talking we're talking about gay time. Time travel yeah, he would have told me that's a thing. Another thing gay, a lot of gay men I find. If you tell me of a secret, then they want to know about it. You know, but because they think it's gonna be that you're gay and then you can be buddies. You know, but if the gay, if the secret is I'm from the future, that'd be like [ __ ], you know about this. You know kind of mean so I think so. In short, Einstein is a time. Traveler I mean how do you know that much have that big of a different of scope, one brain of billions of people, the odds that, but that's not one of the billion. That's how you explain it right or brain he's got just like Isaac Newton, Isaac Newton. This guy was so [ __, ], smart, he literally invented calculus calculus, did not exist until an apple hit. This [ __ ] on his bush. He asked goofy looking at air Wow and he's like bro what the [ __ ] is gravity like. Why did that? Apple fall. Nobody ever even thought about that they're. Just like! Oh, we, oh you know. Here's the ground, yeah just walk around on it and he's the first dude was like no like. Why does [ __ ] fall to the earth right? You know wow, that's fast, then he made calculus is the math as to what he created to support it and calculus. You know everyone's like Oh, [, __, ] calculus is coming up. That's the hardest [ __ ] to learn, but that [ __ ], like no I made it that when I was like 22 I made all that's a recipe. Yes, some hverir in the kitchen, dang dude. Imagine yeah! So that's interesting, then. So his whole thing was okay. At that point in time you could watch something and then you could figure out the stuff behind it like. Why does so? Why? Let me make out yeah I think he was like the the father of physics. Basically he invent am I I'm. You know, yeah and and and just a disclaimer for all the physicists for all the scientists watching this who are talking about what an ignorant, [, __, ], [, __ ] I am yeah I'm an ignorant, [ __ ] [ __ ], oh yeah, all they've got some things wrong there yeah and if you think, I'm ignorant I am yeah, so yeah someone's working on an exposed. Video right now about how Isaac taking Isaac Newton invented calculus is Nazi propaganda, um I'm, trying to think about Isaac Newton, but here's the thing. So you know I bet time travel, though, if I had really had to think about it to have that different one. Super brain as you're saying like if some guy came in right now and said: hey what you guys don't realize is like. Maybe it's a guy wrote the book that, like your feelings, are connected to your muscles and there's this simple little exercise, or this met this equation- that we don't even realize it could take us to a whole new level of how to exist. Oh damn boy, yeah, okay, Isaac, st. Laurent bro. He might have been a dang lady. Now this could he could have been a dang lesbian. You know I think bro, all right yeah. Why are all these geniuses have the baldness hair? Because man, you gotta, have that [ __, ], Einstein bomb, ass, hair Wow and that's like a lady's co2 in it yeah it is bro, it's pretty [, __ ]! It is a nice coat. Huh dude he's got the best clothes to rub York. On my face. What I tell you this guy's, a smart, [, __ ] I, think he was in Sigma Epsilon dude. Are you sure that guy's crazy? What was the enterprise? Everybody is a genius, but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live. It's whole life believing it's stupid like that in that take that in for a minute I, don't people make up quotes by the way. This is the thing people would feel like no Albert Einstein said this and then you gotta take it almost like a lot of impact. But it's just some kid. Like fifth grader yeah imagination is more important than knowledge. I remember. He said that I think and that's true in his case, because of the thought experiment that was my favorite thing. I remember: I saw they have it at Disney World. When I was a kid and we ate a little bit of you know acid I, don't know. There's that awesome. It was awesome. Dude and dude. I'll. Tell you this when you're on acid bruh Japanese people are the most welcoming I'll say that by far oh well, I guess they don't. They don't make them very many assumptions about what they expect right. They don't go into life it. They don't have a ton of expectation like Oh white people are just [, __, ], crazy and I. Don't understand anything he's saying anyway, because we're there's a language barrier, but we interact with every group that night and by far the most genteel and accepting were Japanese. The Japanese, oh I, like that you're talking about that you were there in Japan, oh, no, no we're in Orlando far but yeah I think it's time, travel man! Oh! When you yeah you gotta, meet people, then, when you're on acid see, I've never had a good experience on acid I've tried it like five times and every time I just get stuck in my head and I. Get super. Anxious and I cannot allow myself, like I, forced myself to stay, grounded and I. Never really let myself float up mm-hmm I force like myself to be anchored, and so it's a constant pole. Late to the time to lift but trying to roll roll to the ground, so I have problem with drugs in general because I, don't like, like you, said yes, I, guess it's a control thing yeah, maybe when you said that I like I, want to live but I'm staying like I'm anchored, that's what it may mean if I'm it originally I could relate that same feeling. That's how I get sometimes, whenever I've done that and man I, just I wish I could be like out here like this, but I just can't for some reason. I just can't like let go of myself enough because I'm, just if I do what will happen, yeah, it's scary and I'm afraid of changing yeah or losing my mind or something or just actually you know what it is is like: I'm off yeah, I'm, afraid of just being in a different state of mind. It's so weird yeah, even with weed I can't enjoy weed, because I have the same exact reaction. Yeah I hear ya, but I wish I like this yeah me too, I was going like that. I wish. I got high and [ __ ], you know ate a couple ice cream, scoops off of somebody's [ __ ] back. You know, oh yeah put a couple: [ __ ] scoops on your cousin, [ __, ], Lance and I'm right. You know, and it's [ __ ], is that our weeds get laughs. Yeah I wish I could be more fun. I wish! That's it! That's all it is to it. Let me show you a couple of things: we're running low on time. Oh yeah, our I got a couple of videos. I went through real quick. Have you running low on time? What if Einstein heard that dude I said I, be like sorry, dude be like the book he picked, the biggest contrary ever. Excuse me, dude time is really just an illusion. [Music] he actually has places to go. Dude yeah. Do you really huh yeah I sense like it's [, __, ], illusion, doc, yes and sure you do show you a chart that shows you you do yeah did you know that you can bend space and time with a pencil through the piece of paper and travel through space? Yeah people like [ __ ]. You really need to go to that meeting. Yeah like I got beans of time. Do you think so people [ __ ]? Imagine how much people hated him. Probably some people in the scientific community people thought he was [. __ ], he was very people were very skeptical and that's in his community. They were like this guy is a [ __, ], lunatic right and then and then, when he was working on his theory of relativity hmm, there was some other guy that started work and he went and did a talk about it and he's like guys. Look at this [ __, ] I'm working on it's insane and everyone's like yeah yeah whatever, but one guy was like I, think he's on to something. Well, I'm gonna try to beat him to it because he wasn't finished with this theory. So this [ __ ] start now. They start racing each other to try to figure out the theory of relativity to like put it all together, yeah and but I stink. Einstein beat him damn, but the movie about it yeah there's a great documentary on Netflix, it's so amazing, but the other guy was like you know, I think he forfeit he's like you know what dude like it's your it's your glory Wow, but they were close. They were like figured out at the same time: dude like science, race, bro, crazy, that's an idiot, Tony, Stewart, [, __, ] right there boy, that's some Jeff Gordon brought mean that's ya. When you were being science, doing a lot of science and at a high speed. What are you any a time? Traveler yeah imagine running really fast, like Carl Lewis, but also doing science in your head right. What are you your time, traveler yeah or an alien yeah, a time-traveling alien, probably I, don't know if they do. You think they have that? No well, if you're nailing, you can travel time dude time, you're cuttin, you know I gotta be in BC in half an hour. You know yeah I gotta put down these flights now. That's granted, in other words, yeah, because you know what Einstein figured out is that time-travel Israel because of the red, and did he really yes time? Travel is real, but you can't go backwards. You can only go ahead of time. I think you figured out that when you go the speed of light or when you approach the speed of light time, travels slower, like you saw, did you see uh? What's that movie called that we loved it's not inception, but the time of the spotless mind I, do love that one base, one that Nolan Rho interstellar interstellar. You see that with Jodie Foster. No, that's Conterra is another great [, __ ] one that one is similar. That's the that's! What their relativity, how she comes back and there's all that static. Remember that! Yes, that's based on science because she was gone for them immediately dan. Why do I feel he doesn't know about science, the major it drops into the water and to everyone yeah? It looks like it was immediate, but she [ __ ], went the speed of light and came back and she was gone that actually doesn't make sense. I got a watch again contact. Alright, you know. What's good um Danny should have cut me off. You know. What's good is uh I'm trying to think of what maybe I saw that was really good. Oh I, like Finding Neverland and I, like um, wait with Johnny Depp you like Finding, Neverland yeah, it's an old movie about I. Don't know wait now, because I've all I've got in my mind, is leaving Neverland yeah. This is we're finding it different movie and I'm trying to think actually there's a lot of good movies. Man I shouldn't talk started talking about that. What do you find Walt? It's interesting that there's a Finding Neverland and others a leaving Neverland dude, and they essentially we're also talking about [ __ ] time travel, because that's what maybe that's what it is but dude if somebody's here, a long time, you know I'm here from you know, prove it. Well, that's what I'd say: okay! So what would they do? So if they just pull out a [, __ ], you know if I watch I know was theirs out of their eyes. Yeah and or it would be dope. They're not gonna have dick. It's still gonna. Be us, though you think. Well, if they come from the future, they must have some dope technology. There'd be like here good point they like here. If you really need to prove it, you'd be like tomorrow, Trump's gonna, tweet out that he is suck. He tried once tried second, his own dick, but it wasn't long enough right and then the next day, car, okay and you're, like wall dude, proven done. That would be crazy, yeah yeah somebody can do something as specific as that, tweet prediction, yeah done, I'm come Paulette. I know you gotta leave soon, so I'm gonna show you one. Video I have a bunch here that I wanted to show you okay, and what are the videos about here? You do this home videos I mean yeah. These are my favorite videos of the past like month or so, I'm gonna give you a choice. We only have time for once. You decide. Okay, okay, we got the the best man passes out during wedding. Okay I saw that one okay, good, that one [ __ ] hurt my feelings. Dude his face hit the ground so hard, bro, god it made me want to get married. Actually, it's an ex I think I am assuming he was just drunk because not everyone's curious. So let me just you know what [ __ ] junk and media they're gonna claim this whole podcast. The next one is our Kelly recruits people do his cult during a live show. This is my. This is one of the best things ever. Let's see that, then I would like to see that okay I would like we got a herb in this show up in a couple of whites and yeah shots in Ethiopia like to come back weird [Music] [Music] you looked at the camera, like did I really say that [ __ ], like I, think is it tomorrow right there my token, let me go back anything the beaut to the mall. Go back. Go to the mall yeah I've watched this every time. I thought he said. Go to the mall. We play one more time: do you money, [Music], wait hold the [ __ ] and the mall is the only place you'd meet somebody in a foreign country. You don't know other places get mall come to the mom. He was like the beautiful I, don't hear the be wait hold on now. This look at spider-man. In the background you see that guy - wait hold on hold on I, hear the biggest spider-man, oh my god that guy's from the future what'd you guys hear back there. You guys here. What are you here? Cuz I heard comes with it. Go Dan, Ian, Zak, I, I heard the mall thing too. I don't get the context, but it does sound like it's the context, that's where he goes to Mean Girls I heard mall -. What am I joking minutes? I didn't hear beautiful, mean I. Think I would have heard it, but I've heard it before I would I just didn't, hear it. Let's go one more time. Do you mind we in BRE it sounded like wonderful time. Wonderful I shoulda asked you I regret the only good ears in here. Probably we're on man he's growing a baby enter, there's no way our hearings, all accurate, [, __ ]. Here we just throne, all I can hear now is come to them. Why they're beautiful I, because the background singers saying America so maybe he's like so beautiful I- can see that too America the Beautiful yeah I could see him saying that wow man he did that huh I've watched this face here he's like did I, really say that I shouldn't watch shots. Is that me? Is there something? Is there anything more romantic? May I ask you I, don't ask a woman if she's got her shots, not if she's about to travel, long, distance, yeah and if you're gonna take her somewhere I think it's he's thinking of others. That's nice, but he's thinking sex, yeah, he's thinking, I'm you'll be my dungeon a little for yeah when we get you in America and that's where you go forever so there's another short one I know you're on the time constraint, I'm really fast. This was really good. We're gonna end it right after this I'm up in Orange County. This is the same [ __, ], video, okay. This is the last one. Come all watch out for corn on top of demonstration, which I got doing it name, it's a lurker on the tangler cover uh. Let me get that hitter on him. All the time. I think the guy in the [ __ ] is the one. That's so sorry, the white guy I, don't know the guy who's, [, __, ], I, don't know what this is. Do one guy's black and one guy's white plate. What were the guys [ __ ]? It sounds like the black I said. Sorry, no! No! It's the guy, that's beeping! It says sorry right one more time. It sounds like the [ __ ] I, don't, like you said, come to the mall I have so many more, but you gotta go I'll, save more, please bro! This is what this is. What we do all day you have. You do other [ __ ], but we gotta be like right. There you write jokes, you [ __, ] little entertain real people, you, like travel I, don't do any of that yeah! Well, you got this bro I'll trade, you a couple months for that video good assume that guy looks like yeah like Dom he's at an audition might have been. He got the job. Alright, this one's gonna trip you out the [ __ ] out black guys get it they'll get. They know how they want things done if you're in urinals, so this dude one time beat on the wall. Next to me is like a man. Let me get a courtesy flush man. Let me get Curtis if flutter [, __, ] I was doing number two and he was like. Oh, let me get that Curtis it. He wasn't even in there that long, but he was in his and I, was in mine dude another way he was [ __ ]. He was also probably [ __ ] opium for a long time, but I wanted that man that's some same, but guys they control the environment. Mmm, you know in it. You know what are you doing new fun? Do you get up no courtesy, flushes you've been sitting in there too long. You know I'm starting to feel uncomfortable, because the smell, oh wow, that lady's getting into that. What is it? Lobster? Okay, well, Thanksgiving lobster anything could be yeah, but you know just because the water splash in your ass, you got to stand up. You probably had paper on the we eat. It was just the scent he didn't want anymore. He said you stand up to flush because the [ __ ] water will splash on your balls in [, __, ], um I probably stayed right. There, dude I got pretty nervous yeah, you don't [ __ ] around you're like well I'd, never really talked to a I, never talked to a white man or a black man. While I was taking a [, __ ] yeah, no man, sorry and I. Don't really talk about [ __ ] around the baby, yeah he's gonna be doing plenty of that. This is like Janita and the Giant Peach I feel like that. Lobster has like Down syndrome. You can't eat that man. This is unbelievable. Where's. This lady from you might be Jamaican like a thirty-minute, but that is it really that Lobster yeah, oh wow, 30 minutes it's called a podcaster eating with Q No. We made a video about her on her she's awesome, huh, yeah she's, a [, __ ] legend there's actually a hole. What we actually show you, the durant nod, watch her she's cute too. She looks good. She doesn't hair and everything you just leave when you're ready, because at this point it's it's 1253, oh yeah, I, gotta, leave, yeah I don't want because then I could suck you in here dude. This is awesome. Man. Thank you got someone. You got to come back again soon because I got more videos to show you how much more times that baby that bun got only three months months. Less than three months now, June 6, I'm, excited I, am I, feel very happy about it and I almost I. Don't even like admitting that to myself that's how [ __ ] up I am I'm like dude. You can't feel happy about this right. That's kind of one of the cool things about childhood. It's like it's! Okay, to feel positive about this yeah exactly great yeah, because if you don't because if you don't start to I think you know look at some of that or if we don't start to look at those kind of moments where it's like. It's yeah, well, I'm, not feeling how about this, even though I know I probably want to yeah and I'm, not finding a way to be that way. Yeah then that's where we don't break the chain of like right. You know yeah or not, that are just those those weird feeling that song game, yeah, I, think I, don't know man. This should I go to like 12 step programs. That's where I learned. You know a lot of that kind of thinking and stuff and for me it's been helpful. Cuz I never had any thoughts like that at all. I was [ __ ] in love, you know, and now, but there's a whole new mental universe. Yeah that you got to discover yeah, it's it's so true, bruh, there's really there's like different steps of the mental maturity and you got it like. You got to build the scaffold people. There's people that, like fully and [ __ ] lightened yeah like for real walk, so the other [ __, ] nuts, but they're. They like understand everything. Alright I'm, not I'm gonna. Let you go okay, but Theo van calm. If you're not convinced fry this, they he's a the funniest [ __ ], dude, you're gonna watch then go away. Oh and you guys tomorrow, yeah we got hot ones coming on tomorrow. Watch that guy's eyes I was like with a [ __, ] Sean. Why don't? Why didn't that come out? First, because that's how I do all my research for my guests, I just watch hot ones? Oh really, yeah he's the best researcher at him and pretend I'm like dude, always watch hot ones for 20 minutes yeah. He went deep dude. He has he's yeah. He knew a lot of stuff nice guy - he's the best fun he's so good at his job. He is, and he has a very unique tone. When he's talking and asking questions yeah, you know he's really good at letting the guests shine. He kind of was like and I mean it says, a compliment. He brief wrapped up the show three times ready. He's like Charlie Brown said Oh insult I mean I, wouldn't say: Charlie, Brown I would say: Charlie beige, you know yeah, you know no I love Sean, you know, Sean knows I love him. No, of course he does he's just Charlie's like he's. Let's, let's let you know. Okay, we'll see you later so so Yvonne doctor go get some [ __, ] tickets for Christ's sake, go listen to his podcast this past weekend or two no offence on Netflix where I say show in person. That's it yeah all the stolen Netflix is kind of okay, but you know the new experience that the club is a lot of fun. People come out. It's a lot of good people, - I'm, sure I, think you were testing out material, probably at The Comedy Store. You told a while story about like your brother, trying to [ __ ] you or something oh yeah, but that was a wild, crazy and I was but yeah well set yeah sex, I, don't know, I say that yeah, you don't say: [ __, ] I as I said, but it was Fannie's. A great guy doesn't reason: I worked in a free business still got a woody. Don't work with this would go. Watch him guys. Thank you for watching. We will be back and next went Wednesday with low blow mo guys. That's exciting, that'll be fun. So we'll see you guys, then thank you guys appreciate you. God bless see you next week have a great week good then cut it off. [Music] [Music].