Two, they said we would never show our faces again yet here we are to prove them all wrong. The h3 podcast will never die. Today's episode is sponsored by stamps.com and I'm happy to announce. Memberships members only are investing in the future of the h3 podcast and we invite you to take our hand on this beautiful journey. What is memberships, you may notice a little join button on the uh h3 podcast page, what that does for you 4.99 a month. You get early access to all videos. One day early, we upload the same day. We record. That also means that a lot of the obscenities, maybe content that is too hot for tv uh stuff that may either get us to monetize or get us claimed this kind of stuff. We don't have to worry about on the members only early access, so you get all that okay one day early. The other thing you get for that. No ads youtube ads off sponsor reads off it's just me: ela and all the gang and you raw main line right into your vein boy, the rawest of the raw raw as a dirty bronze. Dirty bradberry and and most and really, most importantly, and the reason why we're doing this is that uh you can support uh support the show you know uh during these times with coved and everything going on. Our sponsors have become frankly, less frequent and and more inconsistent and our videos are getting claimed like or not claimed, they're getting uh they're monetizing demonetized like crazy. Like way more than usual, like our last six videos, four of them were demonetized, that's crazy! One of them had no ads and was demonetized, so we're kind of in we're in a pickle we're yeah. So we thought you know would be fun to make this kind of membership actually worthwhile for our fans try to give some kind of benefit and value there, and also to give you guys the opportunity to directly support the show, because our hope is to grow the show. I don't want to scale back. I don't want to worry about that kind of thing. I want to be able to spend 3 500 on a gatsby if we need to if it's what if it benefits the show, you know why not, I think it benefited us. Wait till you see, we got down the pipe, but wait. Do you guys see what we wasted money on next? Oh that's, true! I don't want to say it too much. When did we get that? Damn wasted a lot of money yeah this one is this one makes the gatsby look like that yeah um. I think it could be as soon as a couple weeks from now, but I don't want to wow. I mean this one dude this one. I don't want to ruin it obviously, but this one has been in the works for a while yeah it is epic and we wasted a lot of money on it and I think it's gonna be totally worth it now. You may be saying to yourself: why would I support the show if you guys are just wasting money on crap like the gatsby? That's a fair question. I guess! Well, I have an answer for you um you don't have to because for the non-members nothing changes, true, nothing so changes. I know this sounds like a scam, because it sounds way too good to be true, but nothing changes. That's true! Nothing changes the episodes go up at the same exact time. They are the same as that content is the same exact everything, but for those who want to support us directly and support the show and keep the h3 podcast great, as it's always been, sometimes less great than others and sometimes more great than others, but we strive for a pretty baseline like pretty good, but we want to go more towards the great if you want to support us hit that join button and help support the show, we also want to start doing more episodes right now we're doing two. I want to start doing three. I want to start eventually, maybe by next year, doing five episodes a week. Yes, you heard that right, h3 podcast is coming at you hard and fast this week we are doing three episodes stepping it up so um. This week's episodes are a little bit on the short side. Today's episode, just because we're doing another episode tomorrow. So that's why? But we're gonna have more content for you this week, um and I'm very excited about it. Actually uh tomorrow we're having jt and chad. Chad goes deep. The party bros these guys are absolute legends. I'm super excited to have them on the podcast. I think they should be a terrific guess and I also want to explain you may be confused because there's different tiers, it says fupatrupa papa blessed and a true and absolute legend. Let me describe what the difference is. Fupatrupa gets you all the benefits at five dollars a month and the other ones do nothing. You just give us more money, that's how it works, there's literally no difference between them. Uh there you have it so anyway. I feel like I've talked about that enough. Let's move on to the to the greatest show: um in uh, our zip code, wow you're, really um the greatest uh show on our uh one-way street. I like that uh. So you know this video was circulating on the socials. There was a mega party in beverly hills and these new local news, copters went and cruised over the party and were filming it like they do traffic like they're spying on them, which is kind of bizarre kind of, but, like I guess the point is like yo, there's, no social distancing, there's no uh, there's no masks, I mean what's going on and so okay here they are, it looks like a wild-ass party. People are throwing bills from the. Where do you see that here look there's money falling here? Let me go back. Look somebody's from here is throwing money on the floor like what the hell kind of party is this dan. Should I get rid of this box? Can you see this yeah? I just noticed it. Was there bye-bye okay, so these helicopters are just spying on the party. It's kind of funny kind of weird kind of funny kind of wild uh. They weren't the only ones. There were several of them, and so I guess they were tagging the mirror and saying hey: go: go break up this party they're they're, not social, distancing, league crest tonight, where the lapd has what we're seeing here from sky night appears to be dozens and dozens of people at this party, we're told there's a food truck there as well as a dj. This is a food truck as well as a dj. It's located at this address. It looks like a lot of fun. Distancing going on. You see the police officers there. We understand this is a gated mansion, just off of mulholland drive lapd on the street, outside of the gate, we'll continue to follow the story and find out if they're handing out any citations looks like they're having fun so well. They're genius cut so, okay, like it kind of turned into a wacky story, turned to a tragic story. Um. This footage that the la news people were broadcasting on live tv uh well here before I get into that. This was also the kind of things with circular circulating around social media. So maybe it's not entirely their fault right here. At hollywood, hills, uh party yeah check out all the women all the rolls royces and [ __ ], pretty cool the he's in the driveway showing off all these like rolls-royces and horses and stuff lots of money there clearly. So anyway, I guess a combination of factors never being invited to a party like that I've been to a notch party, which is kind of well. The thing is not just usually the only rich person there yeah and it's just a bunch of like social climbers instagram models yeah. What is a notch party? Oh literally notch the guy who made minecraft debaucherous parties at his 80 million dollar house. It's like the most deprived, [ __ ]. You've ever seen. It's so bizarre because you you expect like a bunch of nerds playing dungeon dragons, just like maybe maybe not, maybe that's a little stereotypical, but like more of a low-key kind of fun vibe. I went there with um some friends and it's just so debaucherous. It's like all these. It's it's like the stereotypical toxic la party with like social climbers, instagram models. All these dudes in, like versace, everyone spends all day at the gym, but also it's just weird like no one knows each other. It's just nobody knows. People just show up and notch himself wasn't even really hanging out there. It's just kind of I don't know why he does it, I'm just so perplexed by by. Why does he do that? Because he's not sure I mean I'm assuming he probably just wants to [ __ ]. That could be. The only conceivable reason is that he just wants to [ __ ] some cuties. That's a lot of effort for right and and yeah. I mean hey, it's impressive right. So what's the craziest [ __ ] you've seen there well, I actually didn't stay around long, but it's just lots of lots of illicit drugs, lots of drinking. That's why we had the logan paul story. Yeah. I tell that again. No, no I'm kidding make fun of me because I apparently tell that story a lot. How dare they make fun of me? First of all, it's a great story. It is a fantastic story. Thank you! Zach um anyway, it's just it wasn't. My vibe obviously, and then it's like anyone who recognizes you is like dude, hey, I've got uh what's up man and they, like I work for I do this. I work for this uh youtube. It's always like. I work for this youtube mcn, something like that. You know [Music] and um yeah. You could tell that none of these people even know what minecraft is you know and then, when notch cruised out he was. I saw him briefly. He was like wearing a fedora and sandals and, like you know, he's totally like sticks out like a thor. A sore thumb he's really the great gatsby. I mean, there's really no way to describe it uh anyway. That's neither here nor there gatsby. What is that the great big gatsby, the great big? Isn't he a big guy? Oh you just called him. What are you making fat jokes? Yes, I was making a little bit of a fact. Yeah he's husky he's husky. We don't call him fat, that's just rude. I just called him big, healthy. Well, he's healthy! No he's he's he's in he's. Apparently I I actually liked notch- and I was I was apparently I said something to him at that party- which he's never forgiven me for something about yeah. I don't know, I don't even remember what I said, but he, like I, I said something to him in past. I was actually excited to see him because I had never met him and uh. We had talked on twitter and the dm's before and I was I wanted to hang out with him. You know I didn't care about all these other people there, and I said man this. I said why you par something about partying a lot. I think I was just goofing around, but apparently it hit him hard and uh. He like, I talked to him briefly like a month ago and he met brought it up like that. I wounded him with my comment. Really, yes yeah. I remember that on twitter he got all pissy at you yeah he started. He got real like this was all public. By the way, I'm not like revealing anything uh private he was. He was being like real busy to me on twitter. It's weird man, I gotta dig up that he's notoriously an [ __ ]. I don't I mean he was nice to me and yeah. He was being kind of rude to me. I thought too yeah, but then he's like oh yeah. Well, you said this mean thing to me like three years ago about partying too much I was like ugh. I don't. I swear. I don't remember saying that, but I'm sorry I was I I only remember what I felt was, which was that I was excited to meet him and talk to him and hang out with him. So, but I am, I can be an [ __ ] I mean I certainly don't uh deny that right who doesn't here's his tweet? Actually I don't feel very comfortable interacting with you, because I'm still bummed, you told me I party too hard after I invited you over to a party. You were correct by the way. The only interaction we have. Is you inviting me onto your podcast. I find it cringy, oh right, oh yeah, so he goes so by the way notch tweeted out. Something like nobody wants me on their podcasts anymore, and I was like you. I was like you're welcome to come on our podcast I'd love to have you and then he goes dude. All you ever do is want to invite me on your podcast. It's cringy. I was like what you baited me into inviting you and he's he's yeah I mean what dan read speaks for itself. I was like all right: dude yeah really cross the line. Can you find the original thing? He was like yeah, very fascinating, the non-stop barrage of requests for me to stream or go on podcast or host things completely stopped right, and this was because he's like a total like alt-right, [, __, ]. Now and you say, come on- I don't I don't want to make any. No, I don't endure. I mean that dance said, but that is why everybody stopped asking him to go. Well, he got political yeah, and so a lot of people didn't want to be to associate with with political stuff, and so I said well well, hang on I'd love to have you on the podcast and then he called me cringy yeah and by the way tweets what I'm just looking at some of notch's deleted tweets. He says, like global warming is a hoax. If we're allowed to discuss iq differences between populations, there would be fewer conspiracy theories, yeah yeah, it's like a giant [, __ ]. I will stand by that. We should make it illegal to use the wrong pronouns. He says [ __ ] like that so wow. So obviously you can understand a lot of people not wanting to associate with that, but I'm like dude I'll I'd, love to chat with you and by the way, his claim that the only time we've associated is me begging him on the podcast is absolutely false. I used to hang out when I was with justin roy. Then we used to be like. Let's hang out with notch all the time. We would call him we and me personally, but without justin. I would reach out and say: hey, let's hang out, because I was like here's a guy who's surrounded by people that always want something I don't want anything from. I just want to hang out and every time I I would reach out it was just like a hard, no same thing when we were with justin, I think uh. Basically, maybe I have a vague memory that one of those times when you just wanted to hang out. He basically invited you to a party but you're like you're, not into that stuff. He invited us to come to the party. I went to the party he only cruised through like uh. Very briefly, and that's when I made apparently this apocalyptic comment about him, partying too much which, by the way, doesn't sound that rude even when he retells it I mean, and then he says you're right. He does have this crazy parties like every friday. He should at least be self-aware of what he's doing he's known. I mean people know him in la in the partying scene as the crazy beverly hills party guy yeah. So it doesn't seem like much of a stretch to comment on. No, it's it's true. Well, he said it's true uh, so I think, if anything I was just like yo dude. Let's, let's hang out, I don't I don't. I think you know what I mean like: let's, let's hang out, probably just a lower iq. You think I'm a lower iq. Actually, all these people who believe in like iq and populations generally give uh the actually you're lower iq yeah, I'm higher. I rubbed it off on you, so oh [, __ ] we're both just low iq. It's so funny when you listen to these people. They say apparently when, when these like uh iq raiders by they, they give that the uh uh see look, look at my iq level, working right now at the highest iq of any population, I'm here to prove that single-handedly wrong. So I smashed [Laughter] your dns test. We found out, you were uh like 99.9 yeah, one billion percent, so that pure chosen person does it sound like chosen person, acid, reflux, clear throat, I'm trying it's like, never ending like I go, then anyway, we were totally on a tangent, big time. Tangent. The point is, I feel like. I should just move past the story. I guess people want to know what happened anyway. The point is going back to the mega health party in beverly hills, because the local news was covering it with these helicopters. Gangsters showed up, robbed everybody and shot a bunch of people so crazy. Twist yeah, we were tracking this story last night and then I woke up and opened twitter at like 8 a.m, and the first thing on my feed was like shooting at that party. I was like, oh my god that took it well, I was like, could that be the same party and it was sure enough, but yeah I mean everyone's like look at all these wealthy people, they've got djs and food trucks and rolls royce, and there appears to be money being thrown off the balcony. Here's the address! Here's! The uh passcode right- I don't understand this- the news coverage here a lot of times when it comes to like uh car chasers they'll follow the chase like it's an action movie yeah get some good ratings and it's like a huge thing. It just feels so wrong. I think they do it elsewhere too, but la in particular, for whatever reason reasons with the car chase. Yeah, you got the freeways you got the uh, but it's it's um. I just feel like it's encouraging it. Oh it's horrible! I mean it's. Just horrible people should not watch that. You know when I was a kid. I loved it because there was you. It was alive right. So it's kind of hard not to watch because, like their responsibility should be on them, not to air. That, of course- and you know, the the allure is like because it's live, what's gonna happen when I was a kid people, there was a dude who, like shot his brains out on live tv. I remember that one and there's just like gnarly crashes. I mean it should not be until that was the one because of that one. Now, when they like are coming to a conclusion, they always zoom way out because they got a lot of flack, because yeah they've got a lot of flack yeah yeah they've been well because they broadcast that dude blowing his brains out on live television like maybe we should zoom in on this. They probably just shouldn't, do it at all anyway, that is that so uh. So I guess I don't know. Congratulations to everybody involved to the non-social discipline party to the local news, um and condolences to the people who were shot and a shout out to notch as well, while we're at it we're gonna, throw to a break quick, there's only one ad, but when we come back, I am taking I'm going to war with impulsive, the podcast. That's it the gauntlet's been thrown the line in the sand's been drawn. That's it all! At war, when you come back shots fired as we slowly adjust to new normal. We need to be smart about how we do business. Luckily, elon, there's stamps dot com to make things easier. Thousands of small business owners have discovered the benefits of stamps.com in recent months, they've been able to keep their businesses running and avoid the crowds at the post office all from their computer folks with stamps.com, you can print postage on demand and avoid going to the post office and you'll save money with discounted rates you can't even get at the post office. Stamps.Com also offers ups services with discounts of up to 62 percent and no residential surcharges pounded on that. You know what they're talking about. Sams.Com brings all of the mailing and shipping services. You need right to your computer and the comfort of your home or office, whether you're, a small business, sending invoices or an online seller shipping out products is just working from home or just work from home and need to mail. Stuff stance.com can handle it all with ease and grace simply use your computer to print official us postage, 24 7 on any letter any package, any class of mail anywhere. You want to send it once your mail is ready, just leave it with your mail carrier, schedule a pickup or drop it in a mailbox. It's that simple and, like I said with stamps.com, you get a great discount uh talking about five cents off every stamp and up to 62 off of usps and ups shipping rates. Stamps.Com is a no-brainer, you save time you save money and you support the show you love and would never want to see, diminish in any way. Right now, for our listeners get a special offer. That includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a digital scale. Without any long-term commitment, just go to stamps.com clom just go to stamps.com someone's, like c dot, c-l-o-m go to stamps.com click on the microphone at the top of the home page and type nh3. That's stamps.com enter h3. Welcome back super troopers. I hope you've got your fupa trooper flags on and you're ready for battle. Last week we got into a little bit of a controversy actually because of my comments regarding the regenerative properties of the female anatomy, trying to put it delicately, nice and um. You know what I'm just going to own up to a lot of people were upset and I I feel like maybe either I didn't communicate well or or I mean I was that wasn't my intention to say that like, but but you know what I I I yeah yeah yeah. I was wrong. Okay, it's not my place, um, it's an antiquated thing. I mean look. Ultimately I was just wondering how long it takes not to say that it's blasted forever, regardless a lot of people were mad at me, including mike the boyfriend of lana from the impulsive podcast who tweeted at me. He said- and I quote I'll put it up on screen. He says dear at h3h3 h3h3productions. I saw your segment about lana on today's upload, I'm not going to get into your disgusting rhetoric as it's your brand to spew hatred disguised as comedy, but she retired three years ago, if you're gonna call yourself a podcast host at least do some research. What do you got? First of all, there's a lot obviously to unpack here. But what do you guys think about my brand being hate disguised as comedy I'd like to think? That's not true. I mean it's a pretty bold statement. You know yeah, you think he means like hate as in like being a hater, or does he literally mean like you're, a hateful person, a man racist when he says spew hatred? I think it's certain that doesn't sound like oh you're, a hater bro that sounds like you are a hateful person yeah. That seems a little extreme. I feel like from his perspective, probably being like uh logan paul's best friend, we've criticized logan paul, so that's probably what they think about us that we're just haters yeah. I guess from his perspective, you might say, although logan previously, when they're discussing us is pretty like cool but mike is always kind of making it mike is always uh he's. Let me go. Let me continue on. He actually has nice things to say about you ela. He says also shout out to ela for being the voice of reason. So I agree with that. I mean I was like hey at least he likes one of us and homie with the long hair zach get ready, saying he would never [ __ ] a porn star. I seen your type buddy. You would pay 5k to smell my girl's, panties zach. What did you think of the good bro being on the receiving end? Yeah um, I'm cool bro. I don't. I don't want to do that. I don't want to swallow your girl's panties. All I said was like I wouldn't have sex with her. Why do you gotta attack me for that? Well, hang on you! All you said was that you wouldn't have you wouldn't date or [ __ ] a porn star, yeah, exactly which I think is and- and I think like- that's that's not a controversial opinion. I mean again. He you are and so mike um. He seems to be a little bit defensive frankly about the issue he does, and he also says to another person and the thread. I think that, like he doesn't care about good jabs at them, but like he expected us to do more research. If we were going to talk about it so much, but it wasn't really a planned out segment. First of all, it was just kind of like you made a random random joke and then it became this whole conversation because I made it. I made a big deal out of it because I just it just happened at the moment, but it's not really something that we researched and planned, but I'll talk about it. Okay, but you know what I've done mike because you came at me guess what I've done. I've done my research now and now, let's talk about mike and lana, because you want to throw a shot, you want to be the big man. Hateful rhetoric. Do some research zach sweet young golden zack? If you go after sweet young golden zack, you better meet me in the octagon fool cause. I won't drop that uh. What's that crazy, uh headlock, they do in mma there's one! That's like the ultimate kill shot: the triple cross: the triple cross school bomb, dive, death joke I'm going to [, __ ] you up! Mike with what I appreciate. It's worth spending money: oh dude! Nobody talks [, __ ], about zach and by the way it was totally unwarranted. You didn't deserve that. Thank you yeah. He uh. He was super off off his line. Oh, but you said you didn't like him. Maybe that's what he did started zach, I I don't like him, but but hello he's a public figure you're entitled to not like him, hello, dude! Welcome to the internet. Mike people are entitled not to like you, you [, __, ], guess who else doesn't like he does. Let's talk, he just blabbers his [ __ ] mouth all right go ahead! Go off! We just got like a lot of the time, no frame of reference and he just got to shut the [ __ ] up. Quite frankly, because he's annoying there, you go zach's, wow speech speaking his mind, but zach is also actually a fan of the logan paul channel right. I am so that gets harder yeah next, so somebody clapped back at mike on twitter. He said he didn't even say anything bad about uh, lana zach, the guy with the long hair. Just didn't like you not everyone's going to be a fan, go off anna. So what he didn't know your girl didn't do porn anymore, and you expect everyone to know mike. I love your podcast, but I feel like this is kind of immature. Sorry shredder. When did you make that alt zach [Laughter] anna0282765 is not a halt. It's an anagram! I dare you mike responded. If you're going to speak confidently on a topic, do your research? That's it really! Really! I didn't speak confidently about anything. The whole conversation was just us yeah questioning each other. Really I don't recall being like. It was just a random joke that ethan made and I was basically telling him look. This may be a joke, but you may want to think about who it's going to appeal to so. First of all, I want to point out all that. Was there really, you didn't say anything bad about anyone. I agree. I have pure I'm pure of heart and soul, everyone's entitled to their opinion mike you don't have to [ __ ] your gym shorts. Every time someone says they don't like it. I like it. You've never seen dude, you don't want piss zach off bro he'll, [, __ ] bring out the guitar hero. Zack is a zoomer it's hard to piss him off right, yeah! Okay, so you want research. You want research mike! Let's start here, um! First of all, I find it interesting that you didn't take any issue with the fact that um your what I said about the regenerative properties of the female body. No, you didn't care about that. The only thing you cared about mike was insinuation that she's still having sex with other men for profession and- and so I find it very interesting that you focused on that. Yet by the way, the the main accusation in our podcast is that your whole crew is spreading covid knowingly and somehow the fact that I thought lana was still doing porn was more obscene to you than the fact that you are personally spreading a deadly disease. Do you tell your guests by the way when they show up and sit a foot away from your uncovered mouth, that you were in contact with somebody who tested positive you [ __ ] back me up. Yeah, okay, let's keep going. This is a hidden episode. Well, I'm the guy's, a [ __ ] bump you better. Do your research bro, I'm not done yet! I'm not that angry. I just want to make it clear. I'm just I'm just it's a shame, because we were just starting to say nice things about the poll, the lp. I was not the jp. I think we were all starting to like logan, but this whole thing about with tanner. Where he's like. I don't care hit me with that soundbite of logan, saying he doesn't care, hit the clock dan. You have a clock, sound effect. I think you do actually just got tested. That's jake! You don't have logan, I don't have logan. I never pulled it. Oh my god! Well because we watched it, everything mike said about. You is true zack. Can you grab logan? Oh man? Oh man, anyway, logan said when tanner was like yo bro. I have covet and I was hanging out with you. He was like. I don't give a [, __, ] and then the next day he does a podcast. So meanwhile, uh mike is so upset that I didn't know that she retired three years ago, retired okay. So maybe you can explain to me uh why she posted to her pornhub account in april. That doesn't seem like retirement. Oh mike, says: well, she's not having sex with other dudes, that's technically retirement, okay, she's doing like uh she's with girls, she's doing solo stuff, I mean that's still porn dude. What? What am I? What how? What are we splitting hairs here? Oh take if you're not thinking a dude that you're retired from porn? What I mean we're not following that closely: oh yeah, I'm not I all I see mike is that she's been number one on pornhub every time I go to beat off and I'm like wow she's number one all the time so like it's pretty reasonable to assume that she's still making porn and by the way, she's a beautiful girl. I mean that's just a compliment to her. I don't know why you get so like this is all coming from the fact that she's that big in the porn in this yeah he's huge. He should be he's dating number one, but he got so effect. I think he just I think, he's so insecure about dating a porn star that this, basically, this small insinuation of which is like clearly a very reasonable mistake to make yeah is, is uh somehow he he was so upset that I think he's just really insecure about the whole thing, and he doesn't want people to think like that threatens his masculinity that she might be having sex with other men for her profession, and so he needs to make it very clear to everybody, no, she retired, and by retired I mean she just doesn't have sex with other dudes, but she still makes porn actively all the time on her only fans, so technically she's, not retired. What does retired mean? Even in this context, you better grab some of that kirkland two-ply, because he's [, __ ] his gym shorts, dude, wow wow, say no more. You know it's funny because even on her only fans, as recently as like may, she was posting um videos of her with another dude and yes, we went to our only fans and did research for this segment because mike, like you, said, if you're gonna speak, you better know [ __ ]. So, yes, she was even posting dudes with uh what videos with other dudes. As recently as may, it was like an old, unpublished, video right, but she's still posting it right. So excuse me. Excuse me for insinuating that well, let's keep going mike, because I've done my research, what we keep going. Oh there's more baby, there's more now mike. Let's talk about disgusting rhetoric, let's see what mike has said about his own girlfriend and women in general. Listen to mike, say it for himself, and you tell me disgusting rhetoric when you hear it speak for the commenters and stuff. Does it in any way bother you that your girlfriend is married or has done anal sex with large black men on camera, not um that she's married all right, so two separate questions. So how do you? How do you want me to where do you want to start? I don't care all right, so so the man by the way he's 35 and he was born in january, so he's old as [ __ ] he's older than me he's older than me. She's 35. he's 35 we're both you're, both 35. yeah, but he's older than me by four months. Okay. But why are you calling all this [ __ ] because he's the older he's old as [ __ ], he's older than me, he's the oldest loser on youtube? No, that's a reach! He's the oldest you're, the same age, no he's four months older! That's the same age! He's four months older, I'm just saying say like oh I'm, six and a half, I'm just saying technically he's older than me: he's old as [ __ ], I'm not the oldest biggest dumpiest loser ever okay yeah, but ethan doesn't [ __ ] his gym shorts mike does watch this. Is that something that actually happens? Zach? Are you making it no he's just the type of dude to [ __ ], his [ __ ] shorts, and in this hypothetical situation, does the turds like fall out the pant leg, while he's running it's a [, __ ] thing [Music] anyway, let's listen talking about having fun, okay, hateful rhetoric. Let's talk about, let's listen to mike the marriage thing. I don't care my girl's naked on the internet too. The ma the marriage thing um is a different topic. Let's start, let's start with the anal sex with the black man and let's, let's start his name, is tattooed on her ass yeah, okay. So, let's, let's start with the second one, ah logan's so uncomfortable. Oh, I think somebody got too hot for lp he's gonna sail back he's gonna sit back. Are you ready for this? I'm gonna lay this out for you, the [ __ ] that I did before I got on the scene. Oh yeah was so [, __, ], dirty and so [ __ ] bad. There is nothing I don't know, but, like I don't know how he's gonna talk, I mean I couldn't even imagine it sounds bad, but that's not even what I'm talking about yeah pretty much anyone what to to the benefit of mike. I will give him credit he's a recovering drug and alcoholic okay. Well then, I have nothing to comment on that: okay, yeah! No! I was just wondering I don't know anything, but let's not get sidetracked. Let's focus on the hateful uh rhetoric could have done in their past. That would change the way I look at them as a person, nothing bro right! Oh, I did sorry, I [ __ ] up. The question was: how do you feel about your girlfriend having sex with other men on camera? He was more vulgar, obviously, in the way he phrased it, but I'm trying to keep it pg-13 point. Do you know how many girls in this city have [ __ ] their way to the position they're currently in and didn't get paid a dollar for it? This I mean that's kind of misogynistic. How many girls in this city have [ __ ] their way into the position they're in that seems like a kind of [, __ ] up statement to me. It's a little bit hateful towards women. If I, if I was uh looking closely, but here they can, he continues not really yeah. That's. I don't really see why even make that comparison and the fact that women had to do. That is also a big part of the metoo movement that is hopefully going to change all that eli. He goes on to say, like women weren't happy to do that, no mike! No, it's not a and no a lot. It's not a lot of successful women too either yeah. I don't know what he's talking about like well here: ila uh, uh, listen! He! He goes on very big browser's contract on the table to restart in in the next month. She's not doing it wow. So she she she actually has has is done. Do you think you would be able to stomach it if she was actually like no going to work doing porn, then coming back home to you? No, so absolutely not the man mike is not down and for what he exec. You said you wouldn't want to do that. He came at you mike himself has said that he wouldn't do it. I don't see where's the problem, but listen what he says next, so we so obviously you know I've. I've had flings with other women, pretty big, no other, pretty big adult actresses. You know what I'm saying like that: didn't go the same distance as as lana has, and we didn't have the same. You know feelings for each other everybody's at a different place in her life for sure, but the reason is is because they are still very active in the scene and so like yo. She has a past. She took a whole bunch of [ __ ] dicks, just like every other [ __ ] girl in the city, hers what on camera- and I think it's a very- I think it takes a very specific man to be okay with that [ __ ]. I said it. I said on our show the other day, if you compared her bodies to my bodies, yeah holy [, __ ]. Nothing mentioned that holy [, __ ]. I I have you [ __, ], homeless, women, horrible bro. I used to do terrible terrible [, __ ] things, so I that sounds. I just don't know something to be proud of yeah. I don't know how to play it. It doesn't sound like he's proud of it, but he says he said he said: quote: she's taken a ton of dicks like every other girl in the city, yeah he's just joking dude. Well, I'm just saying bro. If you're gonna throw shots, I mean damn. That's that's that's! That sounds a lot more hateful and misogynistic than anything. I said which was a simple question of the regenerative and elastic properties of really pursuit of knowledge without any hateful intent. Mike then, of course, uh keemstar suddenly loves mike as soon as mike calls me out on twitter. Keemstar is suddenly mike's best friend, which is just so funny because actually what's funny is keemstar has actually talked a lot of [ __ ] about mike, but all of a sudden keemstar goes mike. You just worry about your happiness. All of a sudden he's like a self-help guru. People are always going to tear you down, but you are winning. I have criticized you more than almost anyone on the internet, but I respect your hustle and I just want you to know that good guy keemstar yeah all of a sudden, but then, of course mike has to respond because and now it's all good feel good love, pow, wow, shooting on ethan appreciate that keem, I'm not mad at all. Honestly. This is just pro to pro criticism. I'm not perfect at research either, but if I'm going to dive balls deep into a topic, I hope to at least understand the core points of said topic. He missed the mark today, bro. First of all, I wouldn't consider myself a pro and I don't know what the [ __ ]. You are you're a professional coattail writer like seriously what the [ __ ] like he's so self-congratulatory, and he missed the mark today, oh man, I let mike down I'm so confident like again, the the mark was um, specifically just not knowing that she was quote retired. That's what I missed, because to us the conversation was completely different, yeah he he he took his only takeaway really was that we were actually under the assumption that she is still doing the work that you see around the internet a lot right. So fine, we should have known better, but we were under that assumption and to us and like the interesting conversation is when you date, someone who's doing that work. What is that like? He had no comment on that, but they're not actually in that situation either yeah, but, like the misunderstanding, considering the fact she's posting to her her pornhub account and her only fans actively, I mean again for him to get so wild about. The fact that I missed the mark today by my lack of research is, is weird and he's clearly just super insecure about it. Uh with that being said, you know I do want to actually I'm not done, here's the thing right, like I'm, not even done like, because I wanted to make sure I did all the proper research um you know to so so that I could really make him proud of me. I don't want to miss the mark again. The first two times like I thought like no way I'm gonna she's talking about the first few times she had sex with mike this guy, keep having sex with him because it was just so so bad yeah. I remember I was like this is so awkward and like horrible. We, like we like tried to like we like, tried to like not force it, but it was like interesting. He couldn't please her. I wonder if that has anything to do with the insecurities uh. Well, at least I may have been on to something right. Like I mean you have performance issues when you as a man trying to follow up because not just like the people she's had sex with, but she she she is an experienced woman, well she's, a professional she's, a professional sex haver. If I I would be, I would be intimidated right and so like I, I don't feel it so obviously you know the guy was having some performance issues. She was like. Oh, this sex is so awful. You know, but anyway he goes on to say uh, let's see what mike says here just doing my research, my due diligence, average person like the average person, would be like. Oh my god, like she's she's, been with all these guys before me, like. How do I measure up? You know what I'm saying what I said and then to get on your high horse on twitter judge me. You just literally said the average person would say that as long as she's telling me after our sex, that it was incredible and that like and I'm asking her what I can change anyway, um any thoughts. Any summaries did I do good. How do we do was my research I mean after seeing all of that I mean I. I don't necessarily feel bad for him, but I mean I think, you're right that this I think his uh snapping at you was um rooted in a little bit of insecurity. Like you said and uh, and I don't know, I I feel a little bad for him. This is probably something he struggles with. It might be an issue in their relationship. I don't know right. Maybe that's too far to even speculate. Well, I think that if you're gonna date a porn star, you just gotta you gotta, because, like he's pr he's, obviously pressuring her or but maybe in in in uh directly, because he's saying, if you go back to doing this, then it's over, and so may I mean look, that's her profession. She might want to do that and, if you're not willing to do it with her, then she's she's not being able to deliver the full experience to to the fans that that, like her content, so I do feel like that's a kind of an unfair stipulation. It's like, if you're going to date, a porn star, you've got to be right or die. You you go with the whole package right, and so he obviously has this kind of macho insecure thing about like being cucked or whatever, because it's kind of what it is like another dude [, __, ] your girl and then comes home to you. That's that's the life that you kind of sign up. All I can say is a full-fledged apology from mike to the h3 podcast. What about a gal? What what would you like him to apologize for zach, [, __, ], his gym shorts and not doing his research yeah? He didn't do his research first of all, by the way you don't like him, so I do not like him, but he's got an apology for that yeah. Why should zach apologize for not liking him? But what is he? What is he apologizing for to zach? You know he accused me of lack of research, but in the same tweet he refers to zach as homie with the long hair. It could have taken him three seconds to figure out zack's name unless his goal, of course, was to be disrespectful, which leads back to the original point of the criticism which he laid at me, which is spreading hate so which is it mike? Are you doing bad research? Are you being hateful towards zach yeah? So you need to tell me which one it is and then apologize for the one. It isn't that's what he owes us an apology for and finally, tick-tock is being threatened to be banned off the place. The face of the planet earth tick-tock, the beloved uh, blossoming app that has taken the world by storm, actually really taking the world by storm. I heard it's got: 100 million users in the united states, that's like one-third of everybody, I'm sad to say I'm not in the ranks of tick tock, but I do feel like I'm missing out. Mm-Hmm me too everyone's having fun there. You know dancing singing flirting everybody's on tick, tock man, I just can't. I just can't bring myself to invest. The thing is, like you have to kind of put in effort to be on tick tock or on twitter. You can be like I, I made a stinky fart and people be like yes, but you know what I mean you don't have to post. Well, I have a ghost account, but do you actually spend time on tick-tock? No me neither I try. I try you know, but I feel, like you kind of have to invest some time for it to get to know what you like, because it's just not that personalized for me right now and it's just like a lot of random crap. So but but I do try anyway tick tock. President trump has put his foot down on tick, tock, tick, tock, actually, we've spoken about this previously is owned by bite, dance, which is a chinese company, and there's been a lot of fear um among policy makers in the united states that they're sharing data with the chinese government and let's face it. That is all but probable I mean knowing the chinese government. Those dudes are shady and uh. They totally would do that. I mean they have a like an authoritarian, total grasp on all business and industry. There there's no there's no standards, I mean yeah, so I'm sure that china is is spying, uh, actually and india uh banned, tik tok recently too, and tick tock was huge in india also had like over 100 million users. So this has precedent. Um trump of course announced this on social media. When he said he would ban tick tock by executive action as soon as saturday. Now. This would, of course, deprive us of great content. You know you always wonder. Where's colby person in all these legends of youtube, they're on tick, tock, 835 000 likes- is that views is view the same as a like. No well, then, how many views does it have? I think it is. I don't think so then, how many votes the hearts have, because it must have a lot of views if that's how he likes it. As he's still rocking the gold lambo, I love it. Can you watch my car, real, quick I'll, be back like right now, just like what you really okay, I got you. I got you wow. This is a collab with the russian twins, bro where's, my keys where's, my car. Would you like it where's my keys epic? I hate. When this happens, kobe person has is still making the bomb ass content. 5.6 million views. Wait. How do you see that? I just don't think it shows it on desktop he's, probably looking up how many views um 5.6 million whoa people are so dumb on tick tock. Actually, I have noticed that, like they're, pretty big, that's impressive. The views on tick tock are huge man because it's short form, so you probably watch it a few times yeah. What are we doing? We got to get on tick tock. We need to podcast clips there, but even just the likes alone. That's a lot and he has 6.4 million followers on tickets. So that's what's up co. They all these guys. These facebook prankers always move to like the lowest combin denominator. They were on facebook, now they're all on tick tock. So that's kobe person and actually, while I'm at it, the twins from russia, the they shot. A video in the same exact location around this parking lot. In only four seconds, what are we, betting on sure you guys can give a million dollars if you lose yeah. Let's do it one two three go you're not gonna, be able to do it no way, [Music] no way yeah. It was so quick right yo. It was so quick man [Music], oh there's, music playing. We can't play the music yeah, we're so quick all right. Take the car dude, so we're at risk of losing. You know these pranksters have found a new home. We need to protect them at all costs. Leaders of both parties of the united states have criticized the app's owners bite dance for allegedly sharing its user data with the chinese government. Of course they have denied it, but that's exactly what wendy the pill would say. Winnie. The pooh, of course, is chairman c, who looks like winnie the pooh. What the hell was that reference. He looks just like one of the people, yeah we've talked about it he'll, throw your ass in jail for saying that, which is awesome. That's why you gotta love america, because people say a lot worse about trump every day and they don't go to jail. So hey god bless america right, um, also notable that in early july, uh tick-tock was banned in india. As I said, they had 119 million users in india when it was banned. So it was a huge deal there. Actually, microsoft announced that they wanted to buy tick-tock for the chinese market, so they would take over tick-tock. It wouldn't change at all. They would just basically take it over for the u.s and um, but so it was all on shaky grounds, because trump was like I'm going to ban tick, tock and micro slaves like I'm, going to buy it bro uh. They said it's they're committed to acquiring tick-tock, but they need approval from the u.s government to do so and so uh, you know what what's funny is another theory for why trump is hell-bent on banning tick-tock is that people on tick-tock have been mercifully mercifully merciful, mercilessly not with mercy without mercy goofing on trump. You guys remember the tulsa rally, flop trump said: there's going to be millions of people there, they had this whole overflow and basically like 8 000 people showed up. It was like a total flop. Well, tick. Tock had a huge hand in making that happen with videos like this one here that were going viral, all over tick, tock, guys, donald trump. I actually heard that theory, but I never saw the the videos that people made about it. So this one, here's one, here's one for example: all you have to do is give your phone number and you can get two tickets. So I got two tickets, but I totally forgot that I have to pick every individual piece of land off of my room floor and then sort them by size. So I can't believe it for friday. Oh well, I already got the tickets and I accidentally just verified it too. So that means there's gonna be at least two empty spots. Guys, that's awful! You should be really careful going to do this. You know just in case you know you can't make it. You know you don't want a bunch of empty seats and another thing guys if you are doing it, make sure to use the right zip codes just so that they know you are in the area. So I gotta say that's a pretty epic troll, like I mean damn, they got got so bad because people were literally reserved millions of seats and only 6 000 people showed up. I mean that is legendary, troll, yeah trump's uh campaign manager, his name's escaping me right now, but he was really hyping up the fact that so many people were going to be there and then uh. They canned him like a week after that, most people think because wow what a goof this was so yeah it was. It was quite a goof, I have to say- and I think these kids probably had a huge part in and curbing their expectation or like encouraging their expectations and then there's other people like sarah cooper, sarah cooper, who was just she, does these uh lip syncing trump tick, tocks and she's, just she's so good at it. Whatever you think about trump, you really have to give this girl. Don't forget all the credit in the world. This is hilarious and when I saw her, it really is. When I first saw her on twitter, I was like she's gonna be huge and she has been huge. I feel like she's literally actually getting to him at this point. I just I can't stop watching these and they're so simple, but it's just too funny. So here's one than anybody in the world, but why? Because we do more testing when you test, you have a case when you test you find something is wrong with people. If we didn't do any testing, we would have very few cases. They don't want to write that it's common sense, so we test much more many many times south korea you hear about. I spoke with the president of south korea spoke with many different presidents. Prime ministers, I can't believe what we've been able to do on testing. They can't believe what we've been able to do in ventilators we're sending them ventilators other countries, italy, spain, other countries. France, is having tremendous problems. Tremendous problems with ventilators I mean, don't forget it's. We have more cases than anybody in the world, but she's like exploded, so I think a tick tock generally, like all the zoomers, are just totally clowning on trump there and- and you know I do think trump- is that, petty, frankly speaking, um because he's he's threatening to take quick action to ban tick-tock, but then he set a date. He gave an ultimatum to microsoft. He said you have till september 15th to cut a deal with microsoft, at which point it's going to be out of business, but here's the other strange wrinkle in this. He says um he says so right now they don't have any rights unless we give it to them. So if we're going to give them the rights, then it has to come into this country. Oh wait! Well, no! No! That's not! He said he said here uh in an unusual declaration. Trump said any deal would have to include a substantial amount of money coming to the u.s treasury. I've never heard of anything like that. My whole life. Why would the government, with the united states government, need to be paid in order to buy a company from what I understand uh? The rationale is that, because he has put um this diplomatic pressure, essentially by by creating the scenario where they're about to get banned, he has contributed to creating the value of tick tock and therefore feels like the us government is entitled to a cut of that, because the value is being driven up because of his ultimatum yeah. But I don't really, since when does the government collect equity? I don't think that that's a thing you know so to go on to the conspiracy theory that he just wants to shut down tick tock. This could be just a caveat, an impossible caveat to ensure that it shuts down we'll see on set by september 15th. Well, I don't know the uh, the microsoft um in their statement, uh. They did kind of tip their hat to that saying that they understood and agreed that the the treasury would need its cut. So I guess they're willing to play ball. Isn't that just taxes, don't they always get a cut of everything? Not direct to the treasury, I don't think I don't know it's all over my head, okay! Well, there you go so it just it. Well, frankly speaking, I would feel a lot more happy knowing that tick tock was owned by an american company because uh, I think the chinese are definitely spying on us through tick tock, like for sure, there's even been like big companies like what was it, google or or a company like that apple. I don't know that prohibited their employees from having tick tock installed on their phones, um, interesting yeah. So that should tell you all you need to know really and then, of course, there are people that are very sad about the tragic ending of tick tock and zach. Please sound bite this anywhere tick. Tock is our home. Trump has no need to ban tick-tock, just because the haters tick-tock is my home and everyone's home hell yeah, it's our tick-tock. His chest looks airbrushed like face-to-face is our problem. Trump has no need to ban tick-tock just because they sound like that. Well, I am certainly hoping that we can do everything in our power to save tick-tock and not only to save tick tock, but to make turn make tick tock. American again, I do think a lot of kids love it. So much and they've already had such a terrible year 2020.. No, we can't do it to them. We can't do it to them. They've already lost fine, yeah and then they're like oh, we lost fine, but here's tick-tock yeah, you know we're whole again. We found purpose and direction in life and now donald trump's going to come out here by executive order and take away the only thing they have left. No yeah I'll. Tell you what! If trump bans, tick-tock he's gonna lose he's gonna lose a lot of well he'd, probably well. They don't really vote yeah. Well right. They don't overwhelmingly. They don't vote that. Might that might rally the troops that might get the young kids out there to be like this is where I draw the line take time baby's in cages. I sleep tick-tock band, I vote! No, I'm just kidding. I don't know I mean he does put babies in cages. I mean like. That is something he does. I mean, there's pictures and stuff I mean I don't know if you want to get into that yeah one of these things, but it's one of those conversations. It is definitely something that is happening now right. I just once you go there, but it's a whole conversation. Admittedly, I don't know that much yeah I've seen some photos and stuff, so I probably should be more concerned about it, but there you have it ethan come on. Can you just wrap it up without getting into some [ __ ] um? Anyway, tomorrow's episode is going to be super fun. We have again uh chad and jt the party bros. These are absolute legends. I'm super excited to have them on tomorrow. It could be in the midst of absolute bro legends, spreading good vibes and raising stoke levels. So we will see you guys then and um. So three episodes this week so stand by we're gonna have a lot of fun and uh hope to see you guys in the members page where I'll be sending nudes to members. Only that's one of the additional benefits I didn't realize, but whole shots, but they're so close that it's just black can that be epic. They just take a black, that's my butthole, but it's so dark. You can't really tell it's kind of a good idea. Maybe I should start. You should start only friends, yeah it's on members, but it's just all. I specialize in really close bottles. So close, you can't tell what it is I'll post one of those um for the members tomorrow. Oh cool I'll, probably have to be the one to edit that so youtube will like ban our ship I'll just take a picture of my hands, it's all dark and then youtube's like no hey. This is jumping back just a bit, but I just wanted to ask you with this whole tick, tock thing and microsoft buying them. You know microsoft's, pretty notorious for like uh running things into the ground. Really, I didn't know they had that right, yeah, they they kind of you know. They've, had a lot of false starts on various projects. Remember there was windows phone for a while and like yeah, everybody did that yeah. Well, there's lots of things like that. So I just kind of wonder if, like they're going to go through all this trouble, there's going to be all this drama about they're, going to buy it and then, within a year tick tock will be myspace and everybody's skype. That would be pretty sad. Well, they were on skype. Skype was like the number one app right ever yeah. Then microsoft bought it and it's like how did you ruin skype? Everybody loves skype and now everybody hates skype, because yeah is so annoying to use right. I don't know how they could do that, though they would really didn't they just flop. Uh mixer right mixer was a flop too. That was facebook. I thought no! No! No! That was microsoft. Oh so they ruin everything. That's what I'm kind of saying I like microsoft is on a long losing streak. Well, if they're smart, they would just buy it and like it's just proof that if you made one great software, that doesn't mean that you can just go ahead and make whatever else I mean. Microsoft is kind of a big deal, but is that all they've done, I don't know, have they done more than just make windows? It's like ubiquitous, but that's kind of part of windows, but the zune, but also yeah zoom was another thing that flopped what are wait? What is that they just make exactly what it is. Let's see, let's look up what is like their version of the ipod yeah. It was their ipod competitor. Oh, I remember that I heard of it hold on. Let me do some re. What does microsoft own because I feel like they must have done something right. They do I mean, obviously they do, but they they've had a lot of ls too over the years. So I kind of just wonder if uh guys, I think that's a valid question. I think so too, I'm looking at a list of companies they've bought um a lot of them. I don't recognize they're there, I'm trying to find ones that I did. I hot mail that didn't really go anywhere. No hot meal was a big deal. I had a hot mail once upon a time I did yeah. We all did when you when I met you either hotmail all day. Hotmail is uh msn, which I think a lot of people. Well xbox I mean the xbox has has been successful. Yeah the new xbox looks like [ __ ] though well well, but to be honest with you, I'm kind of a ps playstation all the way. That's what I'm saying they got all that games. Yeah yeah xbox is a huge accomplishment. Yeah um I'm trying to see what else they got here. They have a [, __, ], god ungodly amount of properties. The thing a lot of the things that are successful are like enterprise they're for business, and you don't really care about it. Yeah exactly, but yeah. A lot of their public facing uh endeavors have crashed and burned pretty. I cannot believe israel the amount of [ __ ] they own get go and desktop center. Like I don't know what the [ __ ], that is, they might be super successful whale communicate. I mean there's so much [ __ ], yeah jellyfish.com. What the hell is that jellyfish.com um big park, skype yeah, see you later. Skype used to be cool, but now you suck but yeah. I just wonder nokia, nokia, they kind of ruined nokia and nokia used to be big. The phone company and uh yeah right hold on for the windows phone thing and all of that kind of crashed and burned hold on. I got to give it up to them on this one uh mojang minecraft they definitely that was the winner, so they won on that one good point: okay, well and and like in the tech field. Yeah, I don't know they kind of have some mixed race, a lot of israel flags. What are all those um, I'm still looking. Really I'm actually captivated compulsion games, playground, games, undead, labs, ninja theory: do you know any of those companies? Ninja theory sounds familiar. Oh they own us obsidian entertainment. I didn't actually know that those guys make great games black aisle uh. Those guys make like fallout, don't they uh it's sort of they made um here I'll, tell you everything they've made. I believe that that's the company that came out knights of the old republic, the original fallout new vegas right new vegas yeah pillars of eternity. That was a great game. You played that one pillars of eternity too, so they're they're, they're yeah, I'm really interested by this. I don't know if anyone's with me, but it's the end of the episode. So it's all good double fine productions. Uh those psychonauts, that's tim, schaefer's company! That's a big deal: okay, yeah! Well! In the gaming space, obviously they've had a like. You pointed out with the xbox: it's a decent success, so they, I guess yeah they're, very hit and miss a lot of hits. Tick. Tock is going to be one of their biggest properties at this point. If they buy it man, I wonder how much they're gonna have to shell out for that. It's gonna be billions for sure. It's gonna be a lot apparently they're, not just buying uh american tick tock, but like u.s, australia, new zealand and canada. I think was made golly, that's gonna, be like I don't know how much like 100 billion I mean. I don't know how much that's just gonna be a lot of money. Is that like uh, a really lucky situation for them? That's what trump's saying because like I think it is, has been sell it or [, __, ], off forever, yeah and so they're being forced to sell it and frankly, tick. Tock is still early and it's developmental rise yeah, and so I don't know that you can even fairly uh judge its value yeah. So microsoft is definitely it's a buyer's market, because what choice do they have? It's like either get paid or get nothing right. So yeah I mean that's right, which I think is right. When I the point I was trying to make earlier poorly about trump wanting the government to get a cut. I guess that's what it is he's putting the screws on them. Microsoft is going to get a good deal and therefore he feels entitled to a cut of it, but isn't that [ __ ] up to acknowledge that it's almost like it's like some weird mob, [ __ ], where it's like it's kind of he's like listen, it'd, be nice. If, if uh tick tock had to sell yeah, I mean at least is gonna help the country, then it's not gonna help the country, it's no. It's gonna hurt the country, the money that they oh well. I mean it's it's dude, even if the u.s one gets a couple billion dollars, I mean that's like literally like pennies to the government. That is kind of dropping the bucket I'll. Tell you I mean, but you know what I mean yeah everything helps I guess I mean what is that, like one or two of fighter jets? I mean really, how much do those fighter jets cost that they love to buy tomahawks yeah, I mean yeah that [ __ ] goes a long way, a couple of fighter jets that will sit vacant for 30 years. This is good. Well anyways. I know we were kind of done with that topic and I brought it back, but oh [, __ ], there's a wait. There's a whole another list. Oh really wait hold the phone more more microsoft stuff. These are. These are huge ones wait. Why does it say you can correct me? Why does it say apple? They don't they're not involved with apple. Oh, they have steak and apple. Did you know that you know they have a billion dollar steak and now and then microsoft saved apple? Actually, I didn't realize that that was still ongoing. Oh they own a they own, a billion dollars of comcast as well. Yeah I mean a lot of these. Companies have a have a stake in each other, so five billion dollars in a t jesus. What the [ __ ] tell a west communications best buy facebook, they own 240 million dollars. That's really not that much barnes and noble. Oh that's, a tough one, that's a tough one! They have 600 million in barnes, noble yeah. I can't believe how they're everywhere what is going on, I don't know, that's that's kind of how it works. All these big companies, they know ticketmaster everywhere, cnbc, usa networks, liberty, media, okay. This is getting scary yeah. How like these companies they're like uh, it's like voldemort, spreading as horror crooks everywhere. It's like it's like they're unkillable. At this point. They they have seeds and and like tendrils and as so many parts of society. It's like they're, they're, they're immortal. I mean it's, it's creepy, so um while we're doing uber, aol yeah, that's just annoying though oh it's, no good. Um pewdiepie is trending. Now because apparently spotify got licked. So people are criticizing him for what kind of music he listens to wait: whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa whoa, what his private playlist got leaked and people are [, __ ] on him. I think so! That's what I'm understanding! I don't know if it's some, because I was looking at this a few minutes ago, yeah you're on break and uh I mean. Maybe some people are [ __ ] on him, but it's more so that he's into a lot of um, lgbt artists, uh, that's a problem! I don't think it's a problem. I think it's just came as a shock to a lot of people and they're like if you look at his like top artists, it's uh, it's it's just kind of surprising. It's probably not what you would have guessed. I don't know what um oh this. Oh this is his top wait, so somebody hacked his [ __ ] and then looked at his top artist. That's so bizarre! It might not have been hacked. Maybe they just found his playlist or something and realized it was. I just don't understand. How is this even a conversation? I guess because people assume that pewdiepie is like a racist, [ __ ] bag, but that he listens to lbgt he's not I'm just saying what these people yeah the same. People who would be shocked by that are are the same people who would be surprised by that um interesting. So who are these artists listening to like here's, a big tweet, the fact that pewdiepie is trending because of his hyper pop taste that leans into yeah it's kind of a sub genre leans into lgbt movement and the fact that he has changed from his past? But people will still bring his drama from four years ago. Is tiring yeah, that's kind of true well anyways, so I guess that's what that's all about well, people are. I see some people applauding his excellent taste of music. I I for one I have to say he's in pretty deep because I'm not familiar with any of these artists, although I'm not really a music fanatic ian, do you know any of these artists? I just pulled it up. I I know a couple. What do you think do you think sophie before, but I've seen uh two of them in concert really? Oh okay, which ones uh sophie and slater um? Well, you had to see slater. It's like that's like I like most of these guys yeah, so you're co-signing good taste, good taste there you go ian knows I mean ian knows ian, knows everything about music, he's our keeper of culture and history of youth and euthanasia. In the words of ali g. I think people are just kind of thrown off, because a lot of these artists do have they're a little cult following little artists with a lot of die, hard fans and a lot of them are lgbt um people who support these artists so yeah. You know what I've always got. The sense that pewdiepie is like socially, very progressive and and liberal, and I feel like whatever people think about him, isn't really the truth about who he is as a person. I feel like privately he's a very different person than what people think of him, and I guess this is kind of proof of that behind the curtain, um, which is kind of ironic, because everybody thinks like that he's just this radical reactionary. I actually went to when I saw one of these artists sophie um uh, some dude tried to [ __ ] me in the bathroom. What tell me about that? I just choked up my sodie pop when you said that I did not expect you to say that at all well, like, as you can tell by the response, like I said, they're big in the gay community, these artists- and I was there and I went to the bathroom, I'm washing my hands and this guy comes by me and he um. He like puts his hand on my shoulder and he's like you want to get in the stall really quick and I was like um. This was, I think, the artist charlie, xcx and then sophie was performing too um and I was like oh I'm, not gay and he was like, but you like, charlie xcx and sophie you're really and he was like. Are you sure you don't want to go in really quick? I'm like I'm sure, I'm fine, it's like reverse homophobia. Right there, yeah dude, it's crazy that he just assumes anyone in the bathroom wants to [ __ ] him too. What was he a good? Looking guy, I don't remember. No! I can't I can't recall, but um were you tempted? He was down on his knees. The whole time, so he didn't really get a good look at him. It's kind of interesting with these artists because, like I don't know it's interesting if you're a fan of these artists, I wonder why I wonder why is it that it appeals so many to so many lgbt q? I'm not sure I don't know it's hard just hard to say, but I think they're, because it's pop music, they're music's biggs in the in the in the gay clubs and stuff and um, and all these artists are very, very progressive and very um open and welcoming right. Well, I think it's nice that pewdiepie listens to that music, yeah congrat good for him and uh good for you ian as well. Do you regret? Do you ever think about that? Guy I mean, were you tempted at all or was like nah just out of curiosity, I mean it's like him in the in the guy at the arby's drive through I'm uh, oh yeah yeah. You get love in the most unusual places, but even like, even if, if I was into it, I wouldn't want to [ __ ]. That's not the right thing, it's not for you! Well, he said him. He wouldn't. He has a message. I wonder if a really hot, if a really hot girl came up to you and was like hey, let's go in the stall. Have any of you ever had specs in a public place, not sex, not like full-on sex, not not in a stall, not penetrated. Nothing like that. Zack has zack. Has zach's quiet no comments? Well, how are we defining public uh not anywhere, but I'm gonna private place yeah? Well, then yeah I mean I have to well. What do you? What do you mean by that? Like an r you [, __ ] in a bar? No car car is different. Yeah, your car is kind of private, but it wasn't like in my driveway it was. It was in a public place. Oh you've, never done that, but fair enough. I mean that if I [ __ ] in, I think it's not the same. No, it's not the same. That's the wild hurricane! I think we're talking about like a restaurant wait. I just I have a memory of my mom. We kind of did it in a public place once like a long time ago. Just had a memory remember when we saw the beatles cover band, it was so long ago. But what did we do? Oh we went into the bathroom. Well, that was a great show. That was when I first I like. I just moved to israel and um. Well, here comes the sun. I guess yeah a little. We went in the bathroom and did something like we did something. There was foals yeah the home base, little little sergeant pepper, we were really drunk and I think normally would have been really gross, but we were like too drunk. I guess I think that's why you have sex in public yeah, but no it wasn't really public. I mean there was the door was closed and it was locked no, but it was a public yeah, but that guy threw him in a bar yeah ian. What zach? What's your story? Go ahead? Um I mean obviously car I mean on a car yeah. I guess we're determining that that doesn't count card isn't common enough. Was it like a camping scenario? Was it like a people were hiking like? Were you in a tent uh? It was at night um and it was just kind of like yeah. Let's go do this just like on the earth you guys just boned on the earth, [ __, ], barbaric, ape style all in dude. It's pretty! That's pretty epic! You know I actually I remember now. I had totally forgotten about this, but in high school in one of the practice rooms of uh, of the uh, the band, the music department or whatever. So I guess that I mean at school. That's definitely wait! You [ __ ] in high school and band yeah wow. So people always talk [, __, ] about the bad kids being uncool, but they're. Actually [ __ ] in the back room, pretty crazy, always [, __, ], dude, no yeah the band is horny as hell dude. That's you're like coming to the band I'll, show you my trombone baby and I play trombone. So there you go yeah, you did so there you go. The trombone kids are getting you right. Boys dan! Did you usually like flute? Did you like? Do anything with the flute like it's a toy wait, you did. You have a condom for me at that situation. Uh! No! My girlfriend at the time was on the pill. Oh wow, that dude, you guys were way ahead of me yeah. Why holy [, __ ]? I don't even think I I didn't have a girlfriend who was on the pill until I was like 22 or 23.. Oh really. No! No. My my girlfriend in college was on the pill, so you were less than 21. okay. So it's not that I guess it wasn't not that far off yeah this would have been because I was how does that make sense, because I maybe my years are all mixed up, because I went to college when I was 18 and then I must have dated her like my freshman soph junior year, and then you came right when I was getting out of college right. The numbers don't make sense, because that was like five. Oh, you did an extra year now, yeah, that's five [ __ ] years, so that would mean if I went when I was 18 that I would have been 23 when you came, which makes sense. I think, oh, I think yes, yes, because you were 21 when we met [Music] time passed and I never tapped that until I was 23. clap those geeks anyways, this uh was supposed to is playing the trombone yeah. That's pretty bad news for everybody! No, I think I knew that, but I just think it's interesting that mentions a marching band kid. Can we get a trombone solo? I do still own a trombone, but yeah yeah bring it bring. I mean I haven't played in like a decade. It's just no expedia by the way, microsoft phone. So I'm not doing that. You don't want to get in the band again, but I do find it interesting that the um but yeah- I don't. I haven't- played the horn in a long time dan and I yet to have a jam sesh. We need to do trombone in a guitar, no, no like two guitars or guitar and bass, or something I'd watch that yeah as well. I'm not a shredder like zach, but uh, but I can play ian. Are you a musical at all? I played the drums when I was a kid you did so we could start a band here. Oh right, ethan plays guitar too right. Yes, like I played a lot better, so I could be our bass player. You look at this. We gotta make another jokes album call me out. You could sing and cannot sing drum boom. Kids get [ __ ]. I have zero musical trombone. Kids can [ __ ]. All the cool kids are virgin stills, but trombone kids, getting [ __, ], trombone, kids, getting [ __ ] up little wings. There is that wings yeah. That is wings. Okay, I was cool, but I was virgin, but the trombone kids getting [ __ ]. I thought band was so uncool, but the trombone is getting [ __ ], I just shot my nut. I couldn't shine without I regret bringing this up. I got kicked out of uh zoom, so I can't cut to zach and ian, so we should probably just guys it's been a pleasure. It's been a blast. We will see you tomorrow with chad, njt the legendary party bros. Until then party on I'm garth and you're bro wayne peace guys see you tomorrow, bye, [Music] [Applause]. You.