Two welcome everybody to the h3 podcast number 27 in the united states and let's face it, that's pretty much the world. I am your host, the fresh prince of dead air. My beautiful co-host is not with me today she's at the dentist. Today's episode is sponsored by draftkings. Thank you to them. Um, first of all, before we get into it, I am tick. Tock, famous okay. I want to tell you all straight off the bat and I don't want to like big time you guys but um. I am tick-tock famous. I recently started posting a tick tock. I didn't understand tick-tock and now I'm kind of a big deal. I mean ab you're like the resident tick-tock master. Describe my cat, my media, meteorotic, meteor, meteoritic, meteor, idiotic, midi or idiotic rise on tick-tock. Go ahead. Tell the people it's beyond words. You know what I've been browsing, tik tok a lot because, first of all, I'm such a boomer and it's like the most popular social media. So I started to really try to immerse myself in it. My tick tock is ethan klein h3. You know I've been scrolling a lot and it gets kind of repetitive. I feel like my brain's rotting out a little bit because I started to see the same stories. Do you have that problem um? You might be going through the people you follow or or it pushes similar content, because I was thinking there must be a more diverse group of creators there. But anyway I came across these these knuckleheads. Let me show you guys this there's like a whole sub genre of of goons, who just do this baba, booey meme, and to me that was the funniest [ __ ] on the app I just every time I saw these guys doing baba bowie it made me want to make my own. So I made my own baba bowie and we are currently sitting at 840 thousand views and everybody by the way on tick. Tock hates me already. You said everybody on tick. Tock is nice ab. No, a lot of people are defending you, oh, they are it's funny, because some people are saying uh wow, look at this old man coming to the internet and then other people are like. Well, imagine not knowing who ethan klein is yeah, I guess they're. I guess they're they're technically right, though, because it is pretty cringy when I first read this, but it just. It makes no sense and that's why I love it. [Music] tick tock is my home. It is my home. I've been feeling that lately and you know, people don't even know that baba boy's from howard stern, it's just a weird sound bite that that trips me out that people don't even know the origin of that yeah. It's bizarre. So um people got angry at me. They were calling me a boomer, saying I ruined the sound bite and then and then so I made a response. Video people she said someone said wait. Are people sincerely thinking. This is funny oh gosh, so I had to I had to come back. It doesn't make any sense. It's so stupid dan, you dan hates it. I [ __ ] hate it. Why do you hate it so much? I just because it's it's so dumb! It's pointless! The whole thing isn't that what's genius about it, it's just. It reminds me of like early 2000s lol, xd, so random humor. It reminds me of like new grounds or uh. I don't know you think it's that bad people were saying. I was doing lele pons content. Well, I'm not even saying specific to you. I mean you didn't this. Isn't you didn't invent this? Like you said this is already like a trend, and it's just I don't know, there's something about it with the fast the speed and the baba buoys and the finger wagging it just. It gets me dan anyway. That's my tick tock and I'm having a lot of fun over there. Tic toc is my home. Tic doc will never go away it might by the time this wait. This episode comes out next tuesday. That's the 15th, that's the deadline for trump. So by the time this episode hits no. This comes out on monday, oh monday, okay. So, but it's true that it's increasingly looking more and more like tick-tock may not be our home for much longer, because china's blue balling and they may not. China may just block the sale straight up because they're, just like you, know, [ __, ] america yeah. I love it. We don't like it. You know I was thinking. Is it like a high-level chess play for china to block the sale to try to because china hates trump because he's just he's not like a reliable partner and he's the whole kung flu thing? So I wonder if this is a high-level play to try to get the young vote out against donald trump, because imagine all these kids tiktok is my home. Donald trump got tick-tock banned. He didn't he couldn't secure the deal. Some, it's some! Nobody likes me four-dimensional, chests it's it's possible. I guess uh. I don't know because they were doing stuff like they're. They were targeting trump's base when they were doing having like the trade war, they were like putting taxes on soybeans and stuff to hurt, like the farmers, farmers that support them specifically to target trump's. It's I mean it's possible. I mean this whole tick. Tock thing it's part of the larger trade war. It's true, and so it's it's not really just about tick tock. So um so yeah I mean there might be an element of that to it. Who knows well anyway, um speaking of boomers on tick tock we decided in in celebration of me becoming a tick tock celebrity is that we would celebrate some of my contemporaries there and watch some other old people, tick, tock segments, don't call myself a boomer, okay, boomer, but much like uh facebook, old people, facebook and and the likes there's tons of old people on tick tock, which always shocked me because it's kind of complicated uh, like all these old people, just figured out how to use tick tock, somehow and- and I don't understand how they figured it out before me anyway. This is one this guy just showed up in my feed and I've followed him and he's my one of my favorite creators on tik tok uh. His name is david nappy four and he just hates people from england. For some reason you think you won didn't you, you think you won huh. Why? Because you're from england it doesn't matter I'm down to 107 pounds, I'll, probably 106. and don't delete my videos. I didn't do nothing to you. You just mean because you're british yeah, it's because you're from britain, because you're english people you're mean I did nothing to any of you, but you know what everything's underway I don't have much longer. So does that make you happy yeah? That was the first video I saw, and I was like wow this shit's crazy. It's just straight up showed up on my home feed you just scroll and scroll and scroll, and then you come across a gym like this and the angle and he's talking right to me and he hates england. I never. I didn't know that people hated england just as a general they're like [ __, ], english people. I didn't know that was a thing, but this guy's down with it. Oh he's my favorite david. I hate the uk. I hate the uk. I hate anthony. I hate you all hate, you call them you're in big trouble. You don't know who you're messing with so from what I've gathered. Is that there's a few people that troll him in the comments right right and, and it really gets to him and like I feel bad, that he's getting so you know it's getting worked out, I'm just I'm just a spectator um, but but he keeps going he posts quite frequently hi this caption of this one is, I hate, the uk, it's ruined my life wow. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you [ __, ], british [, __ ]. I hate you. British sick disgusting thing. Think you're tough gonna make me miserable. Well, you know what I have something in mind, I'm good! I I hate you. I hate you, this [ __ ] is so crazy. Oh man he's he's by far the greatest person like this is. This is what's so cool about tick. This has 300 likes which on tick tock is like a really underground video. They just pop [ __ ], like that on your feet. They frequently show me stuff that has like zero likes just to be like. What do you think about this yeah? I think it's fantastic, how you get the weird [ __ ], I hate you. I hate you [ __ ], british [, __ ]. I hate you pretty sick, just yeah! Look at this. Why does it always got to be so heated all the time why it's plenty hot? How y'all doing see? I'm not a man, I'm an eight-year-old boy! What's wrong with you all? What see I'm an eight-year-old look at me: [Music], I'm telling [Music] yeah. He picks the comments really personally, and so people are calling him old. I believe- and that's why he's like. Oh I'm an eight-year-old, oh okay, yeah! It's all about just this guy's, just currently at war with his the people in his comments, which is just hilarious, because I mean it's great now he's much younger. I used to go it's all coming back from the past and also I think this is coming back. When I was in high school, the twitches. You know you had this twitches and people thought I had tourette's, but it's just something. I couldn't help anything yeah that guy's a legend and, I think you're pretty sure, he's wearing like a ponytail toupee, which is wild because he switched it up here. He's got different hairdos. Oh you love it. David nappy, he's a legend. Go show him love on like all these bastards from the uk, especially if you're from the uk yeah be like I'm english and we love you here. We don't all hate you in the uk now he's the best. Some of his videos are happy, though you saw you having a good day there miss patty cake, so this girl's obsessed with trump and she only makes videos of her twerking on trump and oh and then she's also obsessed with um mark cuban. So all of her content is just her twerking on donald trump and such she's trying to get it. What are the chances that trump sees this and is like? I need to reach out there. Yes, I'll just piss on the floor. I said I love it. Algorithm is pretty good chrissy teigen, gwen stefani, tupac, shakar, fetter, womp huh ella beezy. Here we go get that hey vin diesel. What do you think about um miss patty cake? How am I supposed to do this interview? Look at this woman yeah. She looks good you're right. She looks good man, oh my goodness, wow. Oh, the whap challenge. Don't show this to kyle the cougar champ he'll lose his mind. Yeah she's, a legend bud the stud. Oh, no, there's so many of these man. It's funny! Okay, one two three go! Are you ready yeah? Does he have no teeth? Is that what's going on yeah, it looks like he's coming he's gumming hard? Oh yeah, that's you now! Oh, he didn't recognize himself. Yeah bub, the stud. Oh, this is iconic tick. Tock old people, [ __, ] uh, anthony hopkins, made a dancing, tick tock. What the [ __ ] yeah he quit. He went from westworld to tick-tock bro, oh boy, step down. Is there no audio I'll, probably have to I'm just removed just in the beginning part there's nothing! There's a drake song uh I mean how old is anthony hopkins. Keep writing. Ladies. Look up his age. I mean that guy's got moves for an old man, let's not even hate on them. Look at the slides and [ __ ]. Damn he's still got it. Okay, he's 82., 82, hey mr stella. What can dr hannibal actor right? Give me a party huh and arnold so he's calling out people, but I I literally can't understand a single word like stallone and arnold, but he's right for me: arnold [Music] I'll be wow. Listen! I love anthony hopkins, one of the greatest that ever did it, but that was bizarre. It's very strange, but I love it. You gotta love it days in quarantine and I think I'm still sane. That's it! That's the video! That's it freeze frame yeah this one must have gone viral right, anthony hopkins dancing. Dr phil is on tick tock, of course, begging people. You have to not to call him dad daddy on all of my posts. I ain't your daddy. I hate to break it to you, but it ain't, your daddy. You notice how his dome is all makeup feelings. I appreciate it like his dome is, has so much makeup. It's awesome because you gotta, because you see a makeup line like right on his forehead, so you gotta go all the way. With the dome he's got. A blend he's got blend better. He just went all the way back the makeup line's, probably in the back of his head. You know he'd, probably blend it into his neck break it to you, but I ain't your daddy and I feel that and died. I appreciate the support it's a little weird, but I do appreciate the support [Music]. What okay? It was like a slow motion. Yeah, that's some old! That is that's some old people take talk, [, __, ] right there. I don't think he realized. It was a filter because he just acted it out. Oh you're supposed to do a filter. It was like I mean yeah, there's like a slow motion effect, oh so, but he just pretended to walk slow. Yeah! That's awesome! That's awesome! Okay! Here we go again. This is dr phil showing his ignorance today, but I've been in quarantine, so I'm spending more time on social media than normal. So I've been finding things that I have no idea what the hell they mean come on guys. You need to give me a translation guide. Here's one simp s-I-m-p yeah. It's like I am a simp for dr phil um josh. Besides, I have no idea dude, he dude. These are the best videos on the internet. He knows exactly what he's doing. These are the best [ __ ] videos I wish I could just this could be something really dirty or something really stupid. I don't know I need help. Give me some help translation guide, please yeah! I think honestly, I generally don't like dr phil, but his social media is pretty fire, so I am kind of sorry. I am kind of simping for dr phil, hey, it's the dance sensation, that's taken all over the nation, it's the cookie dance. Is this an original fad uh that he's setting here a b or is he following a trend boom? I believe he's doing it himself. He has a lot of content like that houston we've got a problem. Are you talking to me? I will say again these these people are figured out tick tock. Before me. Yeah I mean damn these people probably can't even use email and yet they've mastered tick. Tock anyway, you guys get the idea, there's a ton of them um, so shout out to old people, tick tock, I gotta say I love tik tok. Now I'm in and I am actually planning a sit in protest in front of the white house to protest. Uh, the shutdown of tick tock, tick. Tock is our home. It's called the event. Tick tock is our home. I kind of I need to make a tick tock using those sound bites, that'd be great. Next up, travis scott is done for some reason. This huge mcdonald's collab, which everybody's going crazy about, and I I don't really understand why I'd understand why people are going so crazy about it. The big thing is that he has his own combo meal now with mcdonald's, with a quarter pounder with shredded lettuce and bacon, a medium french fry with barbecue sauce and a medium sprite with extra ice. This sounds very much like anything that already exists on the menu uh well anyway. Ian went there this morning because the whole thing is, you know, tell him cactus jack sent you who was cactus jack by the way. I think it's just travis scott, it's his it's his nickname, so he sent mobs of people to mcdonald's to tell him cactus jack sent you so ian. That's so [ __ ] up dude, like you know how they've just ruined the lives of every mcdonald's worker in the country. So ian went and picked it up this morning and he well. He just simply followed the instructions. Let's see how it went. Well, yeah cactus jack sent me sorry, cactus jack, yeah, [Music], uh, medium sprite, with extra ice. So yeah you. Why why you got to order your own [, __, ], cactus jack, sent you no, it didn't work. Did it work again, cactus when you said cactus jackson or you kind of had to clarify there, I mean they did know that that meant travis scott, which is better than most of the clips I saw online. Oh this is this is something a lot of people are doing. Yeah I see how how are they usually reacting? Just like what they're like what the hell are you talking about? That's awesome. Captain jack sparrow, let's watch the commercial here, get a pipe. What's up world yeah you I'm travis scott. This is my mcdonald's order. Follow me: here's my quarter, pounder with lettuce, pickles, onions, ketchup, mustard and bacon. Here's my fries! Sometimes I do this. Then I dip them into barbecue sauce. Oh yeah and my sprite same order since back in houston, and you could try too gotta go. I don't understand. Why do people understand about this is like a very normal meal? Isn't it it's just a [ __ ] quarter, pounder with some fries, and then he gives you barbecue sauce instead of ketchup and lots of people do that so anyway, we've got it here. So, let's see you know, I know you guys. Love to watch me eat it's. The best french french fries are super stale. By the way. I don't know, if that's how he likes it, that's how they do it. That's how they do it in uh, texas, you gotta hit with that barbecue sauce, yeah, you're, [, __ ] up and you gotta hold it over your head. First, what that's what he said in the commercial? Didn't you see hold the barbecue, no, no, no, the fry and the fry! Oh. Why did you do that? I I couldn't tell you: do you know why he does this? Well, he is there's like a meme of him holding a microphone above his head. So I think that's what okay got it nope, there's some crunchy ass fries right now. It's not like you're eating carrots, grunge dude holy [, __ ]! Well, you know what I'm not eating bread or cheese, but I'm going to do this for travis scott wow. Do it do it for the captain or cactus cactus he's not a captain he's a cactus. I know a lot of people have a cough mic. You need a crunch mic yeah. Can you chew a little closer? Please I want to. I want to feel it. I like the chewing sound. I actually like it. I do too really [ __ ] bomb. You have to give me a break. We, you know we kind of got this more to just demonstrate what the meal was. It wasn't really the intent for you to to just sit down and eat it. We're gonna have to cut this because I just want to eat it. Can you use your muffin for this next bite? Can you give like a lot of emotion, big eyes, for that thumbnail ooh make it sexy now hold the burger up now go whoa, okay, perfect, but I want food in my mouth excellent, excellent stuff. This is actually great. I take it back, go ahead and eat it all because the more of this you eat the less likely it is that I'm going to have to do the mayo on my head thing, [Laughter]. What what just saying I am good pose! Yeah! Look at that! Oh man, that is thumbnail! Oh my god! Oh hell, yeah working, it's hot! That's hot girl! That's hot! Oh yeah! These guys are get it! I'm gonna eat this. All we're gonna have to cut it all right! You good! To do that! I'm sorry! Yeah, don't tell ela. Don't tell ela nobody tell ela what happened here today. Hopefully she doesn't see that delete the footage. [Laughter]. Is there extra ice in there? No, no there's actually very little ice. They [ __ ] you. This is [ __ ] up. Aren't you kind of playing yourself if you get extra ice? What do you mean because you get less drink yeah I mean down already puts too much ice, so your ex were playing yourself, I'm a nice guy, so I actually like it you're a nice guy, zach you're an angel. Oh! Thank you! Baby! Oh glorious, yeah! Okay! Where are we going with this? That's kind of pornographic? I'm not gonna lie. I'm turned on right now, yeah, I'm watching. All of that. I think trish is not here. Yeah! Oh my god. What's the verdict on that I mean it's just mcdonald's. I don't understand this whole branding of travis scott. It's a scam! It's a scam! It's just mcdonald's! Well, I don't know if scam, that's just yeah, I mean what's the scam here, I could go to mcdonald's, be like hey get the ethan climb. It's a big! It's a it's! A big mac with a small french fry and medium ice get the ethan klein, I'm gonna go to mcdonald's and ask for the ethan clan. Tell him tell them tell them the fresh prince of dead air, say yeah. It papa sent me the gerd gang girl. Anyway. Let's look at the merch, because this is my favorite part. It's super expensive too, by the way, which makes it all the better. Let's see this one's like just a mcdonald's shirt, so it's fine! Some of the stuff here is wild as [ __ ]. By the way I've noticed it's not sold out. Are you surprised by that ian? No? Well? No, because just you would always just expect people to ride for this kind of [ __ ], but like jorts, just straight up george with the mcdonald's on the back, and it says cactus jack on it- guess how much it is, though, 250. 250 dollars for mcdonald's shorts 250.. I don't! I think they must not have sold any of these [ __ ] god. You have to be I'm sorry, but you got to be a [ __ ]. You really do uh! Ah, let's see those, let's see the shirts anyway, so you got 250 jords you've got uh, let's see oh and then, of course, the chicken nugget plus you, which is probably debatably the, maybe the only good item. I want that so bad. You have no idea why it's yours for 90 ships and ships in nine to 12 weeks, bro zach. Why do you want that? So literally, you literally won't even get it for three to four months, but can you imagine, like sleeping you know when you have your cappy on a [, __ ] nugget yeah, I feel like I'm gonna. Wake up and my face is gonna, be all greasy. It's like the worst thing to put your head on. Like big nuggets the whole day. People love you zach. I don't think you understand that just makes everything sound cool! Oh well! Thank you. No, I want it [Laughter] uh. What was my favorite one like this? One just has the menu on it: 50 bucks, hey! It's me, captain jack, imagine walking around quarter, pounder with cheese, lettuce, bacon, medium fries and bbq sauce and a medium sprite extra ice. Apparently the whole medium sprite extra ice we were talking about is just it's just lean, which is awesome because mcdonald's is basically just be like hey. All you got to do is pop in the uh cough syrup and now you're and now you're all ready to go sip that lean get [. __ ] up I've been [ __ ] up on cough syrup. Before, like I got like you know, you get it when you're, sick and yeah. It doesn't really do it. For me, I don't understand people. Did you hallucinate? No, maybe I didn't drink enough clearly, if you're supposed to hallucinate the thing is, I I drank like a couple of good swigs and just got a terrible stomach ache and never did it again. Yeah captain jack was not down that day. You need it with that sprite! Well, there you have it travis scott mill, just six dollars sake, actor jack sent you yeah say captain jackson, they did and they said what oh and then, of course he had a massive meet up at mcdonald's, which is now turned into a hot spot. Let's see this is at uh. Oh, my god, [Applause] screen it. Where was this [Applause]? Well, these people, people love him. Man, travis scott yep, it's a new hot spot wherever that is jack himself, all right speaking before we move on uh, it's break time, we'll be right back. If you love sports, then there is no better way to make it more fun and exciting than draftkings the leader in one day, fantasy sports. To add to this week's excitement in sports. Draftking has millions of dollars in total prizes up for grabs and if you have not tried draftkings yet head to the app store now, because you don't want to miss this uh. This is how it works. Okay, it's simple! You pick your lineup! You stay under the salary cap. You see how your team stacks up against the competition. Nothing asks the excitement of watching the game quite like having a shot at millions of dollars and prizes. Draftkings has paid out billions of dollars to winners since 2012, so they know a thing or two about cold hard cash. Fantasy sports actually seems really fun. It makes me wish that I cared about sports because I hear people who do it. They have like all the it's like so crazy. They have all these leagues with their friends and these fantasy sports teams and uh. It seems like even more fun than the actual game. I feel like people just watch sports, so they can do their fantasy teams. Now it's true. I've got several friends who do that? Do you do any? Do you do fantasy? I don't myself, but I have a bunch of buddies that are super into it, and none of them were even into football before the fantasy stuff. That's what got them into it! A lot of my family members. Do it yeah, I'm thinking about just watching sports, because fricking I want to participate in the action. Yeah download the draftkings app now and use code h3h3 for a limited time. New users can get a free shot at millions of dollars in prizes. This week, don't miss out on the week 2 action enter code, h3h3 to get a free shot at millions of dollars in prizes. With your first deposit, that's code h3h3 only at draftkings make it rain baby minimum a five dollar deposit required eligibility restrictions apply, see draftkings.com for details ian. What is the general reaction been to the uh? The big mac mail? Are people loving it or is it all just kind of a goof, especially with the merch? I I can't tell if people genuinely like it or if it's like getting clowned on, I don't think people really like it, but the marketing, I think, is working incredibly well. Yeah for mcdonald's mcdonald's, like I'm gonna ruin this man and I think the fact that it's just so bad has become hugely entertaining for a lot of people. So it's just become this big goof, 100 billion percent mcdonald's is coming out of this huge and I think I think your boy travis scott, is looking like a like a bit of a ding-dong, especially with that merch, my god and he's selling it directly. It seems like he just licensed that part from mcdonald's. He has like a history of kind of shitty merch too. Okay, I mean he just did that huge uh fortnight merch collab like really months ago. Oh, I got to see that travis scott fortnite merch and it was notoriously bad. It's pretty goofy, it's not as bad as this, but also he he brands everything he sold um like cigarette light, uh ashtrays with fortnite travis, [ __ ] on it is this it. This is kind of dope. What is this yeah? That's one of them! That's sick! That's way, cooler than a [, __, ], mcdonald's, jorts, mcdonald's george, is the worst literally the worst merch anyone's ever made for 250 bucks dude. You can't top that no one will ever beat that in terms of bad merch, all right, let's move it on speaking of hot spots. Thank you to travis scott by the way for creating a hot spot at that mcdonald's. Thank you. Cardi b, uh sturgis we've talked about that. There was a huge motorcycle rally at sturgis. We were smash mouth performed, there was 250 000 bikers who came, and nobody was wearing max smash mouth famously said: [ __, ] coronavirus just to update refresh your guy's memory, [Music] [Applause]. Somebody wants coughed in my mouth and now I'm dead and I killed my whole family. She was looking kind of short on breath and then she I was feeling it. I don't like it. Trump wasn't feeling it well anyway. Listen to this [ __ ], we're all joking about how it's a hot spot and yada yada. Listen to this. A current study concluded that that the sturgis motorcycle rally in south dakota was a super spreading event that led to an estimated 12.2 billion in public health costs, oops 12.2 billion just so smash mouth could sing a shrek song to a bunch of [ __ ]. Bikers you know it's funny. I saw a clip of of smashboth performing and nobody bikers don't care about smash mouth. Do they because he was up there performing like you know. No, they they don't care about smash yeah. I mean it's such a weird thing: hey I'm one of you! Well the years start running and they don't start coming to the meltdown. Then they hit the ground running yeah. Nobody was paying attention. It's concluded that 266 000 cases were tied to the event. That is [ __ ] incredible. I also heard it was like 25 of all cases in the united states for the month was was uh connected to sturgis. I mean it's pretty incredible: they all ride in on their motorcycles from out of town, get the kovid and then they ride back to wherever they're from and they it becomes a super spreading event. In fact, the friend of the show andrew callahan from all gas snow breaks was at sturgis and he had some really great interviews that I think, would help pepper rather dot the vibe that was there, for example, this this brave man here rather die than wear a mask relax. This is a false flag. Flu. It's a pandemic masks do nothing! It's the key people on fear. While you have all these liberal democrat states trying to pull a socialism switch on us, what happens then? Well, we know what happens. Look at venezuela. I'd rather die, I'm not wearing a mask. I mean I hate to say it, but look what happened to the jews whoa? What what happened to the jews? What does that have to do with anything yeah? I love how he goes. I'd rather die because there's a good chance. He may, I didn't think they were being put on trains to go and do what happened. People whoa, oh, my god, what the hell does that have to do. The masks are gonna, kill us so he's comparing wearing masks to jews going to the gas chamber right. I'm just I mean the meta or like the comparison is that the jews got on the trains, not knowing they were being led to their death being putting on the mask was going to lead to dying yeah because you you die of oxygen deprivation. Apparently people just be dropping dead, they're being used like human puns. Then you've got the education system teaching all of our kids that it was built on the backs of slaves. Are you [, __, ] kidding me it's over. What we're debating even that now slavery never happened. Slavery is a myth created by the liberals. Well, he's he's not a holocaust denier, but he is a slavery. Dude, you gotta, you gotta deny something right: the jew, hater and the slavery dinner. I love dude. That's a new levels of conspiracy. I've never heard of slavery, denial he's, probably not denying that it happened, but I think he thinks that it didn't matter or at all or something I'm pretty sure. It was a nice little boost yeah to own human beings right man, this guy's, a legend. I I wish he was in charge of the education system. He's got some good ideas. California is like a third world country. I spent a hundred hours a week on the freeway. People are scared to death and the sheep are waking up slowly. The silent majority is already speaking. It's our country again, you know what I mean: I've been dead four times, I'm not afraid to die. Sorry, so yeah! These are the kinds of people out there. This guy's been dead four times. Apparently, however, that works. I always hear people say that they say when your heart stops. You die, but that's not true. I feel, like you die, if you die you die. Do you know what I mean people say I my heart stopped beating. I was dead, uh-huh yeah, aren't you dead or is it until you're declared dead by a doctor? I think dead means you're, [ __ ] dead. Well. But when you die your heart stops, though no yeah, but you say no yeah, but if your heart stops, it doesn't mean you're dead because he's alive they can revive you you're saying death is not a reversible process, and so therefore, if he is alive currently, yes, he never died. Right. I mean most people, I think most people would say. Death is defined by like your brain, probably a culmination of things. Heart, stopping brain function ceasing to function, but people say I died yeah I mean never you're, not dead. People say you're like on the operating table and- and I technically died for two minutes, but you hold me back or whatever, and I say no you're alive, you didn't technically die all right. I got a scenario for you: nikki sixx, the bass player from motley crew, had a hot shot of heroin died for seven minutes. What do you mean? He died for seven minutes. He was pronounced dead in the ambulance for seven minutes. Is he dead or did no he's, not dead he's alive, but he died, though. How can you, but he? How can you die if he's alive zack? He died for certain. No, his heart stopped his heart stopped, but he died so to legally be dead, he's resurrected from the dead. What do you mean he died? He died for seven minutes and then came back. His heart stopped zach, but he was pronounced dead. All right, we're going in circles here. Just watch that mountain netflix, I don't like it, you can't die. You can't die and then be alive, all right, fair point by the very definition of death. Let's define death here we go. This is gruesome right. Let's drill down on this right now: real, quick, the action of dying or being killed, the end of life yeah. That sounds pretty final. The end of life right so is his life over zach. No, I mean, I guess you have to ask him though, but no he's he's very much alive there. You have it. I think this one's irreversible when it stops beating and it's irreversible. Okay, I see what you're saying there you go. We've come to we've come to a consensus. This is nice. Okay, so we all agree he's. He is very much alive sure, uh man, let's see here's another guy from the sturgis they're, telling us what to do where to go shopping where to go out when not to go out what to wear. When you go out [ __ ], they can take sports and stuff stuff them up their ass, because, if they're going to kneel for the american flag- and I have no use for these people at all- what do you think should happen to them? They have that right. We fought so they had that right. I listen black lives matter. White lives matter. Every life matters, americans matter. If they start saying americans matter, I think we'll be a lot better off. Everyone in this country deserves the right to live the way they want to live the creepy music. I love him. Man this place is so wild. You are uh doing his show next week right um next wednesday. I believe we'll be doing his podcast he's just launching a podcast so we'll be going to his rv he'll be sanitizing it for us and uh. He was just tested negative. Actually he told me he has the antibodies because he's like a walking coronavirus, petri dish right. He said he had it in february right when he was on the show. He said he thought he had it, but he tested positive for the antibodies. So gender reveals are now the new. It's just a prank, bro um, the massive wildfire going on in california was started by gender reveal, which funnily enough isn't even the first brush fire caused by gender reveal. In the same week this week a woman was killed by gender reveal an explosion just domed her or something, and now all of california is on fire from a gender reveal. It was a boy by the way. In case anyone was wondering, but here's someone doing a gender reveal on home depot just to kind of get us started here. It's awesome, can you guys explain what's happening? Is it kind of confused here like someone blasts him with blue and then someone throws glitter on this guy? I don't get it what's happening. Nobody seems happy, you don't do gender reveals in home people out of the store, it's a generalization, why it's just a prank bro, because he made this huge [ __ ] mess, there's glitter everywhere, which is a nightmare to clean. Imagine responding why to that statement? It's just a prank bro. You don't want gender reveals at home people out of the store. How do you answer that? I mean? How do you confront such such stupidity? Why? I don't know the way he says why it's really fun. Can somebody explain to me he got. He got the blueprints, the blue, it's a boy! No, but why did this guy get doubts and gold glitter? Because because it's super epic, you see yeah? Why did that happen? These aren't necessarily the sharpest tools in the shed as our as our friends in smash mouth would say: they're not an explanation for why they threw a bucket of glitter. Damn was that a pun? You just said because they're at home depot and they sell tools there, not the sharpest tool in the shed, I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed. Now, it's all tied together, there's a lot of there's so many layers to my humor. It's just dan. You are an extraordinary specimen um. I can't does anyone have a theory on the glitter? I don't know what to tell you. It's just stupid, it's all stupid and we're talking about a guy who, when he was told you can't do a gender reveal in home depot. His response was why, but the other guy has a boy. So why did the guy who's not even having a kid get glittered? It's all part of the celebration. It's just just excitement all around. So these are the types of people who are doing gender reveals in general and now let's go to the el dorado fire, which is the brainchild of another one of these geniuses captured earlier today. We want to talk about evacuation orders because of course, that's what's on everybody's mind out here. The following communities are under a mandatory evacuation order. Forest falls: there's like two scenes: there's like a snap cut where it's like it's a boy. This is like a scene from it's always sunny, it's a boy and then it cuts to this mountain home village. Thousands of people being evacuated tonight, el dorado fire is ravaging california. The whole thing is so insane. Who cares? Who cares what gender the baby is? The real problem, of course, is that you know it's so hot and dry from climate change that if you [ __ ] rub a couple of twigs together, the whole state catches on fire. So, while it's extraordinarily stupid, these gender reveals it's really uh. These fires are going to keep happening more and more, as as our climate continues to get more and more [ __ ]- and you know today in california, there's a fire there's a new fire now el gato. Where is that? Is that, like north of here? Where is that I can't even keep track of them anymore? There's so many there's, I know there's no fire in l.a the bobcat one is oh bobcat, that's the one I was referring to yeah. I mean that one is uh near pasadena, so it I mean that's not technically ellie, but I'd call it close enough yeah. So now there's another fire, the bobcat fire and like it looks like night time right now in the middle of the day, because it's so smoky you got. Do you guys see all these images from san francisco or do we have that in here? Yeah uh? Let me see, I don't know if it's in the talk, but let me see the pictures yeah. I remember uh. I remember seeing skies like that here once, but there's no fire in san francisco. This is just their whole. Their whole, what's pretty close to san francisco city, is [ __ ]. It looks like this. I mean this is just normal fall weather now, ah, cool I'm starting to get scared. I'm getting really scared! You know. Over the summer we had the hottest day in l.a. History was 120 degrees in woodland, hills, in los angeles, that ain't right. That type of weather is not right. That was your first like. How was that for you ab, because you kind of just moved here and then you're getting like the hottest day ever yeah? You know coming from detroit, it's uh very different. I was staying in orange county, so it wasn't as bad, but when I came to the valley it was a whole nother, ball game. Yeah, it cooled down a lot. There were just two days where it was unfucking believable I mean it was the hottest day in recorded history in l.a. Here's beautiful san francisco. Ah you love to see it. So I don't know I mean I'm I'm getting very worried about climate change and while covet is obviously a pressing issue, it will go away eventually, but this [ __ ] is uh. We have no. We have no remedy, we have no plan, we are unorganized. The government is even I mean. Even our president refuses to acknowledge. That's even an issue. That's even happening it's so many people like I made a tweet about it. The other day and people go we're just going through natural natural cycles. The climate of the earth changes all the time, which is just some, which is true, but that's not what's happening. You know, that's just literal propaganda to what ends to what end. Why, like hello, we're all going to be affected by the by this weather, crazy hurricanes in the south and eastern seaboard, crazy fires on the west coast, extreme weather is being exacerbated, papa john called it. Why don't people listen to papa? Was he behind it? Perhaps I mean those pieces, those fires. You know those pizzas put out a lot of carbon. You think it's all the pizza, pizza, pizza ovens, I love people, I love pizza and I love killing people. This is his and and the anyway I don't. I don't know man. I think we need a new green deal. That's my thing bro! I think we need it now now we need it now right right. Thank you. This year is just crazy. 2020 is kind of the worst year on record. For us it's a hell of a [ __ ] year I mean a one. In a hundred year pandemic, combined with social unrest, fires combined with um cactus jack cactus jack merch drops yeah, combined with the fact that boomers aren't tick-tock uh, combined with the fact that you know I can't get my pool heater above 75., oh [, __ ], I hate. When that happens, it's terrible that sucks man smoke generating pyrotechnic device caused. The fire started at 10 a.m. On september 5th, it's since grown to 9 000 acres. It's the second massive brush fire started by a gender reveal party. I love that it's not the first man, that's so good! Yeah there there's a recently uh we discussed last year. There's actually footage of this one starting I mean what are the? What are you doing? They have an explosive and dry brush yeah, so this is yeah. That's hot yeah, literally it's a boy and let's get the [ __ ] out of here yeah. That wasn't even like a little thing where it's like: oh [, __ ], some brushes on fire they're like nah. Let's just light this [ __ ] up awesome um, I just don't get it. What's the big deal, oh, there was even a plane crash. Bro from a gender reveal party texas, plane crash gender reveal goes wrong. He was crop dusting, blue or pink water over texas and this [ __ ] crashed. Thankfully, he survived. Apparently the pilot. By the way the city is called turkey, texas, it's confusing as hell. This woman in iowa died from explosion. What are they? What did they do like a they carpet bomb, a neighborhood with blue paint and nails and [ __ ] 56 year old woman pronounced dead at the scene. A gender reveal announcement resulted in an explosion. The woman was struck by flying debris. This is straight up shrapnel. Damn you know, world war ii was actually just a huge gender reveal party for uh for truman's, first son truman's, the one that dropped the nukes right, uh, yeah, yeah, fdr and truman. It was a big gender reveal party for that for their kids yeah. It's a big deal so little known facts about world war ii. I did not know that yeah and sadly, tragically one might even say the kardashians keeping up with the kardashians the end of an era. I when I heard this news, I I got to my knees and wept in sorrow. The kardashians are no more. The show has been cancelled. This is tragic, it's tragic ian. How do you feel about that? The whole the whole family is no more yeah they're. Well, they had their part of their contract. Is that they have e needs a new family, so they have to incinerate themselves as to not compete. It's a non-compete clause. I see that's tough and did you ever watch uh, kardashians uh? I never did, but I know zach did actually zach. You were a fan of every [, __ ] thing. Dude. Tell me why I used to I used to go to school with kendall and kylie, so really yeah. They left when I was in like ninth grade wait, were they they? Never, they didn't used to be like mega rich superstars. Did they? No, they just were always. You know they were humble and you know we would talk sometimes, but I wouldn't call his friend and what wait so, which one did you go to school with kendall and kylie? Kylie is like a month older than me and were they popular in high school uh yeah? They were and did you want to [ __ ] kendall back then I wanted to [ __ ] kylie. Tell you the truth. Oh really yeah, because kendall's, the superstar now uh she's the model right yeah, yeah yeah. You could say that she's too skinny for your taste yeah a little bit mm-hmm, oh ellie's, more famous. Now, though yeah I'd say so kyle, I think kendall's, more famous, no kylie's the one. That's the billionaire yeah who's, the one in the water, video yeah, but yeah. I used to watch it so uh this one's dedicated to you here. Let me read that try to hold back your tears zach. If you can, I'm gonna read the instagram announcement. Okay, I don't need to see zach full screen anymore. Let's get some sad music going. Zach yeah go ahead and something wistful. It is with a heavy heart that we've made the most difficult decision as a family to say goodbye to keeping up with the kardashians. You see, we asked eve for- and I say this with peace and love and accuracy- a hundred million dollars [Music] to do a new season. Yes, 100 million dollars, peace and love peace. He said: are you out of your [ __ ], mind and frankly, we've outgrown the show because we're all trillionaires? Now we've used, we've used eve and, frankly, the audience for every last bit of juice. We can [Music], and so with that being said, goodbye with a heavy heart, of course, [Music]. The offer is still on the table. If you can find a hundred million dollars by the end of the year, we will come back even though our ratings have fallen from 5.8 million in the first season to 1.6. In its most recent episode and by the way how many youtubers get 1.6 million views on a video where's, my hundred million dollars. I pull that on my videos. I don't get [ __ ]. Isn't that crazy, where's, my hundred million I'll, be a kardashian I'll give a [ __ ] I gotta. I got to ask fat as kim and it's natural, maybe fatter, all natural yeah and, unlike kim, I am willing to sell my used underwear damn. I would like to eat that ass. So in celebration of the of uh, the kardashian ending [Music], I want to go ahead and look at this article um. I find it interesting how much they've changed over the course of of the show kim kardashian. For example, I mean she didn't change that much honestly, her body is all [ __ ] crazy. Now I'm not trying to insult the woman, but her ass looks like her ass looks like she got like her like she got. She got trapped in a radioactive chamber. Just her ass. The rest of her body was spared like it's so mutated and [ __ ] up it's an interesting analogy. You know what I mean like her: ass got super powers or some [ __ ] or just got like all puffed up yeah. I got the gamma rays. Courtney kind of looks the same. No comment there eh this one cracks me the [, __ ] up girl. Who are you trying to kid? I mean what is this? That's not even the same person I mean it is so what's happened. Did she get? Is this just a crazy photoshopping, though no no she's, she definitely had the most surgery of them. I think she looks like that. Well, I mean it's like lip injections and nose job and her nose super thin man. I wonder if you can even breathe out of a nose that thin well there you have it girl. You looked totally fine before, which is the one that you wanted to [ __ ] uh. You went to school with them right, zach, yeah, uh kylie. I went to school with kendall and kylie, but kyle's kylie chris looks identical. God bless her this one. How did she again? This isn't? This looks like a different person. What happened here is that a plastic surgery thing or just a glow up uh. I imagine- but also I mean they were really young when it started so they aged the most over the course of it as well. I'd imagine they were like teenagers when it started right yeah. I guess she was really young yeah. This was 12 years ago now. She's, like I, don't know, 25., that's crazy, yeah kylie's, the one you wanted to have sex with zach yeah. She used to like walk by school and she used to smell so good like there was this like, like aroma of just like holy [, __ ], like he's rich, so well hold on. Was she rich at the time or was because she wasn't a car like she wasn't like a kardashian yet but well she was a kid in their family yeah I mean she wasn't famous yet, but like wow, she was fake. She was she was fam. I mean the show was like a season early on, oh so she was already famous, so she was kind of talk of the school already yeah, yeah yeah and then uh yeah. She used to have this like just aroma to her in this yeah. It was such a so when you have such an experience. So when you would walk by her, would you breathe deep sure you could say that you go. You try to catch like her draft yeah, exactly james class, walking up the stairs anything dude you ever sniff her seat? No, never did that. Do you ever try to talk to her yeah? Well, I mean we talked. I wouldn't say we were friends, but you know we would talk in passing. Were you trying to see if she was maybe interested in you yeah, but there wasn't a shot in hell back yeah, [, __, ] high school right, not a [, __ ], there's not a shot! Now now don't say that zack, it's come on believe in yourself man, so she was hot back even back then you're saying I thought so yeah yeah. Well, she wasn't necessarily hot she just smelled good according to him. Oh no, she was hot. She was hot, got it. That's not her future yeah exactly well! Hopefully, if she's listening to this podcast and there's I mean we are number 27 in the united states, big fan, yeah then zach, I hope so lost connection. I smelled you back in high school yeah. I didn't know. If you remember me, hit me up kelly. What did she smell like just good perfume, just like flowers and like like um like like people used to have like um like locker spray like and it just smells like flowers, and it just smells like chick like it's just a it's, a nostalgic smell, a nice chip. Locker. Remember, do you remember any conversations you had with her um? We had a class together and she like helped me with my math homework, one time what she came over to your house or some [ __ ]? No, no! No! No! No! No! No! It wasn't anything like super deep like that, but yeah it was um. We had conversations, but I wouldn't call his friends at all. You think she would remember you if you ran into her, probably not now, yeah, that's a shame! Hey dan! Can you censor whatever weird shit's on the sidebar? What the [ __ ] is this look at this [ __ ], wait! [Music]! I don't know you see this: the kovichin, no, the dreamers ad or whatever the [ __ ], the most erotic movies, that'll fulfill all possible sexual fantasies. You've ever had that's the headline: oh, it's, the the yupe, whoop website's, really uh the scoopwoop website, scoop and, of course, rob so uh, oh yeah, and then you know bruce became caitlyn. Interestingly enough he has the least amount of, or so I'm sorry she has the least amount of plastic surgery with anyone in the family. It's a little ironic yeah, you might be right. Yeah, I mean she's, looking pretty good she's, looking pretty natural. That is it you guys and the reason why this episode is shorter than usual one hour. We're trying to go exactly for here is because we have premiering tomorrow, the first ever episode of our. Should I say what we're doing or what I was just gonna say our our fourth episode of the week is is coming out tomorrow. So starting tomorrow, we'll be doing four episodes every week, so we're reducing the amount of time of each episode to one hour. Exactly I'm trying to do so. That's what we can make exactly what exactly is like exactly well, it's trying to get as close to one hour as possible. There you go so that uh, you know. The other reason is because the analytics I'm trying to get some useful data and when it's when the amount of time varies so much it's really hard to get any info about like retention and watch time, because I'm trying to figure out kind of you know what kind of what segments people like to watch. What keeps people's attention. It's really hard to figure that stuff out. But besides that, as we try to ramp up to five episodes per week, I think we need to go down to exactly one hour, episodes more or less to um, because there's just no way we can sustain that much content. You know that long of episodes, so that's it. We're gonna, try this new thing of one hour episode. So with that being said, I hope you've enjoyed our first one hour episode of me flying solo. It felt like the worst episode I've ever done. What do you guys think was this the worst episode? No we've done worse, which ones have been worse. Do you recall any the drunken pewdiepie one comes to mind as my worst episode ever yeah, I I yeah okay yeah, that's probably worse yeah. I think there was a lot of bad episodes around that time, like yeah, but hey. That's. Why we're here right? They said we'd, never come back. They can't all be bangers. You know yeah does that! Well, if you made it this far, you don't care that much anyway right um anyway, but tomorrow I'm very excited. So I hope you guys join us. Then all right so stay tuned. We love. You appreciate you and we'll see you next time.