Hey poppy here, it's Papa, John and you're. Listening to the h3 podcast go Ethan, go ela, welcome everybody to the PewDiePie, couldn't make it today, podcast actually funny that I choked because he was scheduled to come today. Even with the coin was gonna zoom in zoom or zoom zoom zoom. He was gonna zoom in and something happened cuz maybe cuz. You were trying to download Zune. Maybe Zune wasn't connecting me or something we have we having software problems next week. Pewdiepie will be joining us so looking for that, today's episode is sponsored by expressvpn honey and me undies wow, that, yes, while the people still, people are still riding or dying for the h3, podcast and boy- and I just this- is the worst opening to ever. It's gonna be a terrible episode. I can already fill up my bones. Actually, no, we have a lot of good content. We released some stuff on Teddy fresh, so new items I actually can't pull it up. So Stan is going to be putting that most also we're doing giveaways on Instagram. So if we follow and like our giveaway post, because we know that everyone is broke right now, so if you want some free, Teddy fresh gear, that's the place to do it and I'm just so happy to say that we have made an h3 video. It has happened. [Music] we have made a new HD HD video The, [ __ ] subclade spider-man, Elsa I'm, very happy people were happy. Everyone was happy this whole week working from home and like recording a video kind of felt like going back in time. It's kind of fun, though it was fun. That's why we're only doing one episode this week, so I saw some people saying where's the where's, the midweek episode. Well, that's an h3 video and a spoiler alert, there's another one coming, but nobody saw that coming. So you know what was even crazier. It was on trending. It was number three on trending, that's just weird yeah. Clearly, no one is that YouTube headquarters, yeah they're there right and you're right about that. Everyone went home. So that explains it. But you know ultimately, the video turned out good. There's a lot of really funny stuff in there. I have to say that I'm sad I had to cut. There was a hole. I had a whole battle with YouTube I'm gonna call him compliance because that's what it's turned into and, for example, does this thing the corona challenge were people are licking public they're, just licking like toilet seats, in particular, I saw one day of licking on the New York subway, the handrail. That guy is in the hospital by the way four credit hours awesome. Well, what's not awesome, I, always probably spray. You do that. Why would you do that? That's a really good question! I! Guess we're going to talk about it later right! We're not gonna talk about this because I'm not allowed to show up so but but I could tell you that I made a really funny bit about it. I can do that. There's the one thing that that really was the craziest to me is these dudes in some Arab countries, I think they're Persian, but I don't know, and they were going to these shrines that people make pilgrimages to, and you know in Iran there's a really bad corona outbreak and so they're going to these shrines and they're licking, and but they were looking them in such a manner. I was like it looks like they're, you know eating a girl out, but I was very vulgar about it, but I thought it was very funny and a whole bit about how the shrines were orgasming and they kept going back and they were like they were getting crazy. Heather talked about like that and I thought it was great. It was my favorite part of the video actually but I had to cut it mm-hmm I guess it was very vulgar, but that, but the reason that they had me cut. It is because they think that showing these challenges will encourage more people to do it, even though I'm obviously lampooning them. But okay and that's YouTube, for you I see you keep looking at my sweater. Do you want to say anything I mean I, guess yeah, that's what as bad as I have nothing bad to say about this is my quarantine. Outfit Elton, Klein I think we should embrace the quarantine and just stressful crazy. You saying you wouldn't wear that out in public I. Guess I wouldn't just wear it on a Friday at 2:00 p.m. I'd be whoa. When is the appropriate time you are like? Is it a nice? Where would you go? Why that's a dinner? What's the occasion Bar Mitzvah bar, it's probably a mom? Oh, is this a dress-up with someone with bad taste, yeah, see I, see this as casual fun. Okay, I would love to see Teddy fresh, garment, using yeah, sequin, yeah I know something it's a quaint, I, don't know. But anyway, if you haven't seen it there's a new HD video out that we're all just so excited over. You know a lot of people make more commenting the most on this crazy mother, effing creature, who was saying that he was healing people of the coronavirus. He had the television screen, Kenneth Copeland and he people were saying that he's just like the evilest looking mother effort. It really is. He just needs a little manners since where he goes yeah just flip it on you real fast to be like yeah, also that there was we've actually watched happiness before it's mine, it's mine, it looks like a white. Thank you and praise. Alright, he does look like a look turn it up. Yeah and I praise you that I'm well and hold according to looks like you're dipped. Is him baffling to us all? That's weird that I'm, so it could finger baby and I'm just ready at any time. That's what's so scary. Right now, I I have to tell you the people that are really spreading this stuff and being irresponsible are well young kids that are just dumb and ignorant, but then there's there's really just a lot of I. Don't want to be super offensive here, but let's not be okay, good point, there's just a lot of ignorant people yeah, it's a certain symmetry, but it's amplified by these religious people too. Well, you know that the virus this week has gotten bad well. This guy doesn't represent most normal religious people. No, no, but a lot of people are down with this and I've been seeing more and more footage of preachers being like I refuse to cancel service. I'm gonna have a thousand people in my pew Easter Sunday work. The pews are gonna, be full. If these people all go out on Easter to congregate, thousands of them I mean there's gonna, be yeah. The rate of spread in this virus isn't saying: there's gonna be an unimaginable outbreak from that, and you know the places where it's growing the most now this week was funny enough. Florida Louisiana they had Mardi Gras after their national emergency was, was declared and now Louisiana is like one of the becoming the epicenter simha Florida mm-hmm. So these kinds of people are I, don't know what people are thinking I'm, just thinking to myself. I don't want to leave the house I, don't know because they don't get it. They don't yeah it's too far away. They need to wait until they know somebody who's died or is in the hospital until they realize it's everyone, they panic yeah and then they panic, but they they won't look. They won't listen to reason until it slaps him in the face, because they they can't fathom it and that's why most people need to listen to Spring Breakers. We made fun of in our video they're, like it ain't that bad. You know the it's overstated, we're all out here, we're fine! You know they don't get it once someone. We know, for example, who was naysaying. He thought we were all over overreacting and now he knows somebody close to him who died of Corona and now, all of a sudden he's like the most paranoid person of all, even listen, but now it's starting to affect us. This is kind of crazy thing, but Mike my grandpa who's, 94 years old in Las Vegas. He lives in a assisted living home, he's in the hospital right now with double pneumonia and they think he's gonna die and they think he has coronavirus. He had a flu and he had trouble breathing. So they brought him to the hospital, and he has pneumonia in both lungs and what's create, like okay, so being close to the situation, makes me realize a few things that I didn't really internalize before. First of all, my grandpa, who just went in there like two days ago, it's taking five to seven days for him to get his tests back. Mm-Hmm I've heard about that five to seven days from the guiness test back and then the so the next other craziest part is that nobody can go and visit it. Nobody can go in there yeah. That was the first time I thought about it. When the guy we know said someone passed that he knows from their family. That made me realize like if someone actually dies that you know it's. This is such a weird time, because they're gonna have to be there alone and the family can't even do a funeral or you can't have a funeral mourn. You can't go to visit Lee. You can't be by their side like in Israel. You did that she is. You know the whole family sit together for seven days. I can't do that either can't do that, yeah that it's really weird, so this is kind of what I've started to realize yeah. How seeing it in my own family now is that even if you don't have the virus, let's say it takes five to seven days. Your ass is stuck in there, quarantine and you're- probably gonna have it by the time you leave gospel anyway. I, don't think my grandpa's gonna leave the hospital. Unfortunately, but the doctors are so overrun, you're, not even getting attention my mom's on the phone with him and he's gasping for breath and she's trying to call the hospital to get doctors to go, take care of him and and they're also overloaded. Nobody can even give him attention and it's to the point where they look at him and say: 94 year old, guy, double pneumonia he's definitely his chance at making it through. This is almost zero. So actually we we need to be smart. What do they call that when they have to have to pick what do they call that it's called a triage? They have actual triage going on where they have to select people who have the best chance of surviving. They have this whole protocol of being like okay, so there's a four-year-old here and the six-year-old the 40 year old gets the ventilator because he has more life to live and he has a better chance of surviving. That's what's happening my 94 year old, grandpa's just sitting in the hospital. Nobody can visit him. Nobody. There is interacting with him or cares about him and and then and then, when he passes away, nobody can even go to his funeral yeah and I'm actually now even more concerned about the assisted living facility he came out of because if it's, if there's grown virus inside the assisted living center, then there's gonna be a lot of deaths and a lot of the same [ __ ], going on that's the worst place for I mean I. Remember when my dad was at the hospital unrelated to a crisis situation they're already overworked, it was already hard to get attention for him or you know, get the proper yeah proper attention they're busy. And if something happens, you gotta go find someone and you gotta wait because they have to do the whole floor or whatever so just put. What's already a really tough situation now in this crisis, environment I can't imagine what they go through in the hospitals. Well, it's it's Wars what they're yeah right and the first responders the frontline, the nurses and the doctors. They don't have enough gear. They don't have they're reusing, masks, I heard even a report that was telling nurses that they'll be reprimanded if they're using protective gear because they don't have enough and then you save it for the doctors. Can you imagine Isis they don't even they're, not even testing. Now the frontline people they're starting to die, nurses and doctors on frontline are dying and okay. I can't speak politically about this, but I still think that our government is not close to even close to doing enough. You know, there's a I mean just hearing talks about, like maybe lifting some of the quarantine sounds so insane woman. So he first of all, that's not gonna happen because it would be so insane it's to do it. But what what it has an unintended consequence of doing it, what she's, signaling - right exactly by saying that he's signaling to people who are not taking it seriously, that it's okay to do that? Yeah and that's why you see a lot of these churches and community centers playing with the idea of like yeah we're gonna, be open, yeah, we're gonna be open and you know they go all these economists say are not economists. So it's really coming from from look I'm, just gonna say it's coming from right wing news stations and personalities. They say the quote: Dom Trump, you said: let's not have the Cure be worse than the sickness, which is what he's means is this whole lockdown is hurting our economy so badly that it might. The more people can get hurt by that than the actual virus, which maybe makes sense Minh some way. But you have to understand that oh I forgot. That's garlic, nice, oh yeah! You have to understand that if people, the only way to fix the economy is to kill the virus, you cannot bring people back to work and back into the community because the virus is just gonna spread and we're gonna end up in the same exact situation. We were the only way to fix the economy is to defeat the virus. The minute that virus starts spreading again we're all gonna go and lock down again, because people don't understand. The consequence of this is so catastrophic that once you're presented with it, the horror of it, you will crumble. You will crumble. This week has gotten bad. The United States has became number one baby, yeah and coronavirus, and by the way our rate of double our rate of doubling is two days. There is no sign of its slowing right now we have. We have a lot of a lot of pain and suffering here in the United States still ahead of us. Unfortunately, so just stay strong stay indoors stay quarantine. We got to ride this out, there's no shortcuts here. Everyone thinks there's the sadly there's just no shortcuts. Here we got to ride it up. Do you want to do our first sponsored by coronavirus, brought to you by the coronavirus, the USA number one in the world, it's kind of a bad time? If I read well when's a good time, what is expressvpn, you guys what you, my online searches, does the government have a right to know about? Do they have a right to know about my hentai habits? You know: do they have a right to know about what kind of pornography I watch at all yeah? Do they have a right to know that I've watched too? You remember two girls, one cup mm-hmm. I watch that I watch that basically a daily. Do they have a right to know that I think they shouldn't have with that. If you watch it daily. Well, maybe if you alert them, but they should be able to spy on my internet activity all right and that's where expressvpn comes in. The answer, of course, is none of the above above, but in a god bless america, we always get it done and we believe in freedom and protection and that's what expressvpn is. If you like, owning a gun, then expressvpn is like owning a gun for your internet privacy. Okay, go age is P. Your government, like that that cowboy without expressvpn, without express VPNs protection, hackers, government, ad companies and ISPs all have full access to your data. I, don't want them using my web history or video game searches against me. That's why I use expressvpn every time I go in like? Can you imagine the blackmail? Someone could love me against me if they saw all my internet search history, you have their unit search, I mean I. Look at like clothing websites and Amazon are closing, but do they ever maybe not very clothing, either so boring yeah. The government could spy on you, but if you're like me, you have a lot to hide. That's why I use expressvpn every time I go online, expressvpn, encrypts and reroutes your web traffic to any number of countries, keeping you safer and secure simply download the expressvpn app click to connect and boom boom boom you're protected with expressvpn. You can make it seem like you're browsing from a different country, so you can watch any netflix library in the world. You want how cool is that I would have loved that when I was back in Israel and all that stuff, yeah I didn't know about VPNs back then, but yeah we were in Israel for five years of Netflix was like how all this maze it called it and we couldn't watch yeah expressvpn is the fastest VPN I've ever tried, it costs less than seven dollars per month and it comes with a 30-day money-back guarantee. It's time to stop governments and Internet companies from keeping tabs on your data. Take back your online privacy, like I, did with expressvpn, protect your online activity today and find out how you can get three months free at expressvpn, comm, /h 3, that's expr, ESS, VPN, comm, / HD for three months, free with a one-year package visit, expressvpn, comm, / h3. How long was that that felt? Won't I had done time. It is that, okay, for you guys where was I Kenneth Copeland is a [ __ ], oh, but there was a really funny man I loved, that everyone was saying that it really looks like the devil. Yeah, just dots you died, you know, the devil is a good Christian man. It's just saying, I wanted to show you guys this image from the subreddit. Where is it? This is boring. Where is my dad? Where is it was on the front page now that to me was a picture of Kenneth Copeland next to some goblin and he looked identically there. It is look at this. Look at this. It's crazy! It's like the eyes is like he does have those eyes. I can't get over their resemblance. I feel like there is something not human about this guy. You know we just watched outsider right, yeah, good, non Netflix actually say to me: oh, oh HBO. Excuse me [ __ ] juice, so that's that yada yada yada, so yeah be careful out. There guys now be careful and just try to make the best of it. You can still go in a walk. Yes, if you are like taking it a little too crazy, I think you can still take your dog on a walk. Yes, you can take a walk just if you're gonna walk just don't get near anybody right, six feet, mm-hmm distance, but it's good to go outside! You should go outside. Yes, don't go to a public Adam go by yourself. Get some Sun I read a study that vitamin D, which you get from being in the Sun, help fortify your immune system against respiratory diseases such as Koba 19, so get some Sun, but the good news is basically, there are people that are doing something about this. For example, gal gadot. You guys probably heard about this gal gadot and listed a bunch of celebrities to sing. Imagine and they got slammed right. It's so cringy I mean it really is so crazy. Let's just watch this and then we can comment, but hopefully they're Beto, shredders, humping, afraid of nothing here. Hopefully, there's bad enough at singing this that we don't get claimed it was like I think they summed it bad enough. Okay, I think that this really let's watch Eunice I, just feel like looking at her now I feel like she just knows how pretty she is and that she's just like showing off how pretty she is. Do you get that feeling? I know a minute I think she really thought she was doing something cool. Probably you know imagine how embarrassed they were. All these celebrities were once they realize no stupid. It is ahead. Let's go you know this virus had affected the entire world. Everyone doesn't matter who you are. You should have been superwoman. You know yours really you're tall and beautiful. Why aren't you super women? Why hurt I can't do it? Why? Why hurt you wouldn't made this video just saying I? Think healers should be super women. How tall is she how tall is gal gadot? Damn look that up we're gonna have than all the guys starting next week. We're gonna do a zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom and we're gonna have them all called in so they'll be able to comment and bicker as we love he's five-ten. Well, she's 510, your your that I thought she was taller than that you might be taller than she is or the same size, probably the same hold on the everyone's fronting like she's, so tall. But that's how tall you are. I am tall for you, no I'm, saying you're a Wonder Woman, she's [ __ ] she's a poser, his balcony. How old is she look? Look that up I just saw she started 4 she's older than you and she's shorter than you she's, not shorter than me. She probably is you're. You are superwoman a Wonder Woman and not she's a supermodel, then she's, the beauty queen she's, a beauty queen yeah Oh for real you're, a beauty queen. Look at your shirt. Keep telling me you're, not superwoman Wonder Woman, whatever the [ __ ]. She is okay, so she saw a musician playing. Imagine because everyone in Italy were singing and playing in their porches right, because so Italian it was really cool, maybe she's a he's, a musician playing it on a trumpet and so she's. So in her mind she goes well me singing. It would be as beautiful in power and then she goes. Let me just enlist every all the most famous people, I know and somehow yeah. Well. Let me watch I'm getting ahead of myself. No heaven! It's easy! If you try, no hell was this guy and I was trying to recognize this guy. Who is this guy? Don't ask me: was he um top? What was he an looks like it's face to non they're, all weird and blurry above us only sky like they have no concept of. What's before after above us, only sky like how do I follow that up. Imagine all the people I say it's pretty crazy for a comedian to be involved in this I, just wonder how they were instructed. What was this because I feel like gal gadot may be [ __ ] all these people by just making it seem like it was just some fun thing she was doing. She was probably like. Well, we can't all sink together in one room. So let's make an edit where each one sings our line, I just I, don't even get it like it's! Okay, almost watching it's like - a tree line, you don't the flow. Imagine I, don't know who that guy and then everyone's trying to show off what good singers they aren't [ __ ] with the reliance. Damn it isn't hard to do nothing to kill or die for [Music]. That's not how it goes. Imagine all the people like lady just trying to steal the limelight. You know what I mean like damn all these celebrities and she's trying to steal the one lip: that's not how the song goes. [Music] Wow people are people are I. Guess, rightfully saying all these rich has people in their homes. Talking about! Imagine no posessions to that I do say: John Lennon was richer than all these people. That being said, that's very unsafe work, but so what like they're they're kind of admitting to themselves that this celebrity first of all, is like the dumbest most pointless thing, because you end up worshipping these. First of all at least I'm going to say you, don't you gotta breathe for a second look. What I think is so stupid about celebrities that you don't know anything about these people. Yeah yeah, you can worship me at least you know a little bit more about me. Worshipping me is fine, but these people who are on the silver screen- you don't know anything about them. All you know is that they pretend to be someone else for two hours in a film worshiping them. You don't know anything about that. You know if they're smart, if they're educated, if they're good at anything without word, if they're shitty people and so the fact that they think that they that their celebrity is so. This is so embarrassing. My overreacting a little bit I think so embarrassing I think it's just stupid. I think they all thought they were doing something nice, but it's just so dumb I think the situation is so dark right now. This is not doing anything good. Imagine right just something so self-centered about it. It's very disconnected too, because a lot of the people who are in the worst shape are people who are can't afford to pay the rent and have no job and [ __ ] and well, it's just funny. I shouldn't get so pissed off. It's really just funny. Yeah hold together, Ethan now's, not the time, keep it cool, you're right, also, I'm, a celebrity is, should I not I'm, not really a celebrity like they are. Am I being a hypocrite right now? I, just I, don't think they're bad people, I, don't think hey I didn't say that I just said you don't know anything about them right, you don't but that's die. You should criticize the people, worship them, but aren't they kind of accepting it by doing this they're accepting their celebrity status by by saying, like me, singing imagine with all these other famous people is beautiful, like this Italian man playing the trumpet and in Italy it's it's just it's a little unsafe work. Yeah yeah, give me your best line, say imaginal no way singing like they would imagine all the people not ruin your day, all right, I'm, not sure you couldn't ruin anyone's day. [Music]. Oh I have a feeling that she instructed them to do it vertical on the phone and make it look as home-home produced as possible. A lot of my like outside and they're, just like I've, never even seen phone footage of this shitty. No, she gets to started end. It I feel like I, just blame gal gadot for this one cuz. She started and ended. It I wonder if anyone with world Farrell was like yo. How did I get roped into this like such a stooge? That's true, cuz they're, all just probably doing her a favor cuz. Yes, that's what it is. If they're all doing her a favor, yeah girl you're supposed to represent us. Well, you can start down your stepping up your young dollar, a job, more beautiful. Everyone loves her yeah I, like the babies, yeah, I, think you're, more attractive, I, think you're younger, oh I'm, just saying you're, superwoman super Wonder, Woman, Wonder, Woman I think it is she's. All I was just thinking that you know. I was just I've gotten all philosophical sure. Hair is all perfect alright by the way and she's the only one with footage. That's like semi good. Everyone else looks old, Haggard, alright gal get out of here gal get out of here. What else we got? What time is it I'm trying? Because we don't have it then it's time for the read Dan, you gotta remind us honey, everybody loves honey. Imagine all the honey, save you money! You know that honey is the free online shopping tool that automatically finds the best promo codes. It applies them to your cart and you know just how great it feels to save, but how does it feel to save with honey? Well, saving with honey feels like sliding into a seat on the train. Just before the doors closed, this joke doesn't work in this days. Yeah. You know it's like sliding right into the subway. It's like dude. Nobody wants to slide into the subway right now. Let me improv save them with honey feels like pulling a tick finally off Alfredo. That was that girl week and you're gonna. Let me touch it: how about that honey? That's pretty good! Yeah! That's awful, hitting every green light on your commute. That feels good, finishing your podcast up. So right as you walk into work right, we need some quarantine, yeah Reed's. For this, it feels good. Let me just tell you: saving with honey feels a great because you're about to buy something. It automatically applies the coupon, a checkout and boom. You just save ten fifteen twenty dollars. You didn't expect. It feels, like your fridge, just refilled itself, with groceries out of nowhere magic. What's your kind of it you're getting free money right, oh it's like it's like you came home and your mom went shopping and filled your gross or your wife. In your case, yours was better. You don't need to fill in the blanks so much because magic. Obviously nobody believes in magic. Trying to give them more plausible is a experience. Imagine all the people, I love, honey, I will always use honey til the day, I die or the internet is shut off worldwide. Honey is a miracle. It is magic because you're just shopping, yada, yada, yada, you've all got this free browser plug-in then you're buying something you usually would and then ten dollars for free. It's that ridiculous. What do we buy? Something reside from Levi's leave them stuff and it was like Christie off or something. We then will add this creation. Data. Add the screenshot, but you're just shopping yeah you've got the honey plugged in you, didn't expect to be saving any money today on the Internet added. What a couple of jeans yeah you're at checkout you're, checking out your about to make your purchase and then honey's like hold on one. Second, let me just go through my coupon collection. Oh here you go save $50! That's right! We need that honey has found it's over 18 million members. It has found it's over breathe all sentence. Honey has found it's over 18 million members over two billion dollars in savings whoa. That's how many ventilators is that two billion did you know: honey supports over 30,000 stores online, including Macy's, Target, Sephora, Best, Buy, and more and they're, adding more each and every day users, love honey! That's why it has over a hundred thousand five-star reviews on Google Chrome store using honey, feels so good. Think of it as a daily victory, plus it's free to use and installs in just two seconds: get honey for free at join honey, calm, slash, h3, that's, join honey, calm, slash, h3, nice. What else we got this is so cool. As you know, New York City is been hit hard harder than anywhere in the world. It's becoming the epicenter of the kovat 19 and the New York City Health Department has issued a sex and corona virus disease, update, giving advice to New Yorkers on how to keep themselves protected when it comes to sexual encounters. So let me read that for you, this name they're, really thorough, yeah I mean whatever you can do, helps you know all New Yorkers should stay home and minimize contact with others. But can you have sex here? Are some tips to enjoy sex and avoid spreading covet? 19 know how Cove at night can I just say: Cove in nineteen it sucks the name. It sucks that they should have got a way better name like SARS, MERS, swine flu h1z1. Those sounds so sick. Kovat 19 is the worst name ever that's a really great deal. It's blocking my chakra I've been trying to get creative about like staying at home and having to be at home and just do more creative, stuff and I'm, like you think it's the name. I'm blocked, yeah I think it's. The Cova can I tell you something: I think that had a better name, people would be taking it more seriously. Hmm if it had a name like h1z1 right more like that's. Why I, blue or SARS is a great acronym. People are not taking this coat. It's like Jose coronavirus is a kovat 19. Oh there's other coronaviruses that aren't a big nope. We have to call it like murder/death/kill m, DK m DK, that's 69, no covin, 19 I'm serious. Whoever thought that name up really dropped the ball. I, don't like it! I, don't like it! I, don't like it. I mean covet. Let me try to think of one I, can't think of one right so know how covet 19 spreads. You can get Cova 19 from a person who has it the virus can spread to people who are within six feet of a person through coughs or sneezing Minh, Tran Spurs through saliva or mucus. We still have a lot to learn about kovin, 19 and sex. Kovat 19 has been found in feces of people who are infected with the virus. Gila Cova 19 has not yet been found in semen or vaginal fluid. Hmm. Okay, that's good to know. We know that other corona viruses do not efficiently transmit through sex. Having sex with people close to you, you are your safest sex partner. Ela masturbation will not spread over 19. No, how would I? Why would you even do that? What are you going? You're like you're, just gonna like manifest it into existence through masturbating, especially if you wash your hands and any sex toys with soap and water for at least 20 seconds before and after sex, the next safest partner is someone you live with, having close contact having sex with only small circle people, while they're really giving people a lot of credit, a small circle of people. How many people is that I'm surprised? How detailed this like five they're saying I can [ __ ] five people? What's a small circle, it's awesome. It's also like the next safest partner someone you live with, so they're almost being like. Well, obviously, we're married, but it's like oh well. If you have a roommate they're fine too, but we weren't sexually active, but we're all holed up, you should avoid close contact, including sex with anyone outside your household. If you do have sex with others, have as few partners as possible and avoid group sex. Now is not the time for orgy in New York. If you usually meet your sex partner online or make a living by having sex, consider taking a break from in-person dates or video dates, sexting sexting, oh they say, video dates and sexting is a good option for you. Mm-Hmm take care during sex. Kissing can easily pass covin 19, no kissing avoid kissing anyone who is not part of your smart, small circle of close contacts. I love that in this bulletin it sounds like everybody is like has five partners? It's awesome. It's like you, have this three guys that you're cool with mmm, so you're, okay with oh and then you have to interrogate them like look I need to know how many people are in your circle, all right. My circle, there's five learn your circle. Here's my favorite part kissing, no good! Oh here they go. They say [ __, ], yeah and then in parentheses outward it says, Remmy right here, look, it says: [ __, ] straight up Wow, it says [, __, ], mouth to anus, appendices might spread. Koba, 19, biros and feces may enter your mouth. No really do the people they're. Addressing always how do you tell this is well. This is health. You got a I'm, so surprised you got it like. It is to prevent well read of this deadly virus. No [ __ ] ela! Well, you can rip me we're in close quarters. You're in my circle, yeah you're, my sister, don't rim strangers at this time you guys, although they say no [, __ ] straight up right, but they say I can kiss you like anything. So you could kiss people in your circle. So I can't remember. If you can kiss me, you can rim me, that's the rule. Can you kiss then rim or in Bank kiss I mean that's how growth? You are right. That's non related today, yes, I, just curious condoms can reduce contact, especially during anal sex they're. Very few possess you washing up before and after sex is more important than ever or and after washing up before and after sex yeah, it's more important than ever. They're like you, should have already been doing that you sick, [, __ ], but now you really should so no [ __ ] is the big takeaway here guys no dreaming, I gotta tell you. I was trying to rim me the other day like no. No, no! No. This is bringing me to cool more or how do you say his last name, Cuomo Cuomo, the governor yeah of New York yeah. Is this related to him? Do you think? So it's one of his initiative. Well, it's a New. York City thing is probably more of mayor de Blasio's. Oh okay, who's, the mayor of New, York, City, gotcha, okay, I've been seeing him a lot. Oh wait! No lately wait hold on this was a New York! Oh yes, see! This is New York City, so yeah, that's the Blasio. If it's New York could be Cuomo anyway, I've been saying Cuomo a lot lately in the news. Yeah he's taking like the lead. I. Don't know if it's just his city's hit the hardest yeah he's trying to help his people, and you know it's funny. I look at the I look at Governor Cuomo when he does his press releases. He sit he's in a big warehouse he's sitting at a podium and all of the people in the audience does not. Many are all 6 feet apart. So you have like row of like three seats really spread and it goes back and he's in the front nobody's near each other. When the White House gives a press conference, you've got like 20 people shoulder to shoulder and I'm thinking to myself. This looks so stupid. You are you're sending such I, it's so stupid. Why do you guys cuddle around you're telling the whole country to social distance six feet? But when you do your own press conference every day, you guys are shoulder to shoulder. It doesn't make any sense. Do you want us huddled or not? If you don't want to huddle, you need to set an example and step the [ __ ] away from each other. It says it's stupid. What else we got? Oh, we have some field reports. Oh so the Philly offensive you guys may remember he was interviewed by us somewhat recently. He was making these unbelievable sketches. We didn't know if they're, real or fake it turns out, they were staged. We got him on a call and said you know what we need you on the on the field, making videos for us, and he did them here- also Ethan Bradberry, who were trying to get as a field reporter went out into New, York City to interview people about the corona virus. Let me tell you this: not only can I not show you the video I'm, pretty sure if I did show you the video I made they Ethan Bradberry would be going to jail, Stiles terror. It's that bad I mean it's a shame cuz it's it's funny, but at the same time it's so irresponsible and it's just so wild that we could not endorse and I can't I the whole time I was watching it. I was just like what is wrong. You know what [ __ ]. What is wrong with you, so I can't show it, but I wish I. Could but I really should not fair I really, should it and eat my message to Ethan Bradberry. Is this cuz there's certain parts where he's just there talking to people and it's so funny, just you don't have to I. Don't need all this crazy stick like he's pretending he had coronavirus like he would be talking to them and now was funny. He was asking what you think coronavirus and then he would start acting like he had grown advice and start coughing, and then he was like I have it, and so that's where it went too far, yeah if you're just interviewing people, if that's still funny, because Ethan Bradberry is funny, but he was not keeping the six fit, no part. So I, don't know when you recorded this. There was a lot of people in the street, so I'm not gonna, throw him totally under the bus there yeah he is going to redo it. Is it going to redo it? I would love 50 readers, so I would suggest that he follows the rules, follow the socials and don't but Nia don't tell me, but you know, there's people who are going to jail right now for coughing on people for felony charge really yeah. You can't do that Wow. You can't do it. That's good yeah! Imagine you're infected and you're going off on some money. Yeah. Do you have a 2% chance of dying? Oh yeah, I wouldn't want to roll the dice on 2% I just didn't know they were doing that, but that's good yeah I've read a couple articles like that. So my message to Ethan is: if you want to redo it. I would love to see a man on the street - interviewing people about corona, but and just being a flower business. Just be yourself right. Don't ya! Do what you don't have to you, don't have to say: I have coronavirus. Do you Nathan Bradbury love, Ethan, Bradberry, Ethan Bradberry? We love, he would be like they must've been flying summer because they were in the airport, [ __ ], with people there, and he would go up to somebody with who's with his family and he's like hey. Do you know where uh you know where the the taxi line is, and you could imagine he's driving people crazy, and these were not fake? No, they were not saying, I assure you. These were not fake. He goes to this taxi driver. This tacky taxi drivers, pull he's, got a huge taxi man and Ethan Bradberry goes, can I get him front and the guys, like sitting back, why we just want to sit in front he's like I, want to sit in front? Is it getting back and Ethan those and then he's like okay, okay, okay, so he moves all the stuff and sits in the front seat and he goes I'm reporting from regular Raw central. What do you think about the coronavirus? I have it so he essentially pressured this taxi guy to let him sit in front. Oh man knock a shame on you through Bradbury, but remake it. The good way. I can't show this both of us will be crucified. You shouldn't have done that. That being said, Phil offensive. Let's watch what Philly offensive did this is a h3 podcast exclusive, the Philly offensive interviewing people on the streets. Hmm excitement is in the air. What's wrong. What's going on man, you care. If I ask you a couple questions, are you worried about the coronavirus and do you think it's real or what I love these extras? Thank you, serious $5. He hit you yo did the you-know-whats helper I think that's him gets all these people. These people are legends. Yeah yeah. Definitely, did you shoot yourself? Well, he's got one leg, but you found it deal with one leg: to pretend he [ __, ] himself. Guy is the this looks so legit hold on. If I didn't know that this was all sketch, I would just be loving. This like I, would be eating it up he's so good I definitely did see this guy's. This is a social distance critic. So you, don't you don't think it's [ __ ] at all. What is going on yeah and a full hazmat suit, really got it sound like it's. The subtle touches get me and then just cutting it right there is you a quick question. What do you think about the corona Byers? You worried wait what what just happened? Oh my god, do you think about the corona Byers. You worried? Oh my god. Oh my god, I watched another version of this and it wasn't in here. Really he just added the scene. I got appreciate the fact that they did project. What are you worried about the crowbars? What do you think about it? Obviously you're worried? Are you worried that it's going to spread all over Philly? Are you worried? It's gonna spread over Philly ruling. This right, Alfredo kill shredder, okay, shredders I'm, King Alfredo great. Whatever a virus yeah cigarette, no I don't smoke. Could you give us your opinion on the corona virus? I can't get a virus: okay, okay, good age, twice! Actually what you think about the corona virus and what's going on the Philly [ __ ] swallow? What do you think of ours? Bro [Music] I get the feeling he doesn't think much about philadelphians. This is what he foresees. The people of Philadelphia I really feel like this guy needs. His own show there's something brilliant about that car crash. It was so fantastic I, just I can't believe you find so many people to like that's a lot of people to get to cooperate with you. Did he convince someone to crash a car into a wall? No I gotta go back and watch that one more time yeah. This was amazing, you don't you, don't think it's [ __ ] at all. What do you think about the coronavirus you worried, dude? Well, the Philly offensive alleys and gentlemen Wow Wow incredible right, shredder he's got a knack, whoa, whoa I, don't know we got to send him out on the street to report on something else. I think he shot this before things got even more crazy with the quarantine, yeah yeah yeah yeah. Well, we gave him this assignment a wild, oh yeah. This is clearly a masterpiece. You've been laying the groundwork on wow I can't believe you crashed a car for us. I'm actually really happy that we didn't know that. Yes, we got the real surprise here. Wow the Philly offensive laser Jimmy can find him on Facebook and YouTube. He is now an official correspondent he's hired officially I mean I. We need like a new virus or something to send him out to we're going to well we'll think about it. We have a sponsor here by me, undies, who makes the softest most fun undies known to man, whether you like crazy fun, prints or opt for black classic black me undies gives you the freedom to express yourself comfortably. Keep your distance oh come on is in six. You rim me, you already won our car I did not you could you're in my circle me undies, it's flexible is breathable, it's soft, its stretchy. If you're a fat guy like me, you need a little extra girth, a little extra stretch on certain occasions. This is the perfect underwear for you. It's awesome. Mandis has plenty of option for those looking to up their undie game. You can join the monthly subscription membership, build a pack selecting a matching pair to match with your better half. Do they have a [, __ ] themed cycle with a hole for the bottle? Will that be for you or just pick out one pair that strikes your fancy they're pretty laid-back, so go ahead and do what you want who's laid-back me on. These are the underwear? That's a good question. They're laid-back me undies is pretty laid-back, so it's all good. Do whatever you want. Mandis are made with soft sustainable fabric. Mandis doesn't just make undies. They also have a loungewear which recently had a glow-up check out their new line of micro modal loungewear. You can wear in and out of the house now by the way, they're on doors made of this thing. Micro modal, which actually is this unbelievable soft breathable fabric that was discovered in walk Wanda, is that the Black Panther well Conda is a mythical fabric. It's so good. Mandis has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchasers you get 15% off and free shipping also is a no-brainer considering they have a 100% satisfaction guaranteed. That's how you know they are convinced that they're soft and pretty little underwear will send you to the moon and back get your 50% off your first order. Free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed go to me on DS comp, slash atria. That's me on DS comm, slash h3, [Music] [Music]! That's it that's our last sponsor! Yes, I'm curious! If that, if this format of like boom-boom-boom is better because sometimes we do a sponsor break three at a time or more sometimes also, the difference is that normally we can edit and put them together mm-hmm, but this is they're, probably taking longer the way we're doing it right now. So three in a row like this would take forever be like ten minutes to nobody. Yeah, you know try to keep it interesting for me and ease. Oh soft, breathable underwear, sometimes I just like to you know: I might even go there. They're gonna, they're gonna, make me do another one I go there half life, oh you guys, I got it. I got I really have to vent. You guys been following The Bachelor Trisha Paytas was our next Bachelorette and I. Gotta. Take a swig of water, okay, so Trisha Paytas, as you guys know, the first season of The Bachelor with Ian are our salaried employee. He met somebody in the DMS and he's now I'm happy to report he's in a faithful relationship with her, which I'm very happy about, but there was a lot of drama because he basically ruined the show. We were never able to have the show go to fruition because he was already in love with this girl in the DMS. I was like well, what's the point of even continuing right? He wouldn't let her come on the show you wouldn't let us talk to her. So I was like okay, you ruined it so now fast-forward to Trisha Paytas. Now your brother, we went through the first two rounds. We saw a bunch of videos that people do wanted to be with Trisha and we told her that if someone reaches out in the DM, just let us know just keep us in the loop he says. Look. The first season was ruined yeah lack of integrity in the system, I'm not going to tell you what to do. But if you have a back-channel conversation, you have to disclose that to us. Yes, you have to tell us and we need to bring them on the show. I don't want another wildcard situation, and then we have your brother who was going to be the bachelor before Trisha, Paytas, mm-hm and and I told him. The same thing I said: if you're gonna be involved, no shenanigans, no wild card, no damn no [, __ ]. You have to tell us everything and he swore he said it's all about the show about making the show better and so last time Trisha goes at the end. You know, I was really hoping that Moses ILA's brother was going to apply it. Okay, okay and we said yeah. We thought he was too because he mentioned to us. He wanted to do it as a goof. That's what I thought, if I'm being honest just to spice up this [ __ ] right, but now they've been talking in the dams, apparently because Trisha in the last episode was like I, really thought he was going to apply I like him. Okay, so now I find out that they've been talking in the DMS on Instagram and that they've been well actually the real the real thing that shocked me and first of all, I have to show that I mean he don't know anything about this, no nobody's telling us any well. Okay. So after the episode ended with her, let me show this manager either. He watches this. We saw this on Twitter wait, wait! No! He told us that after the end of the show it's all listed, they spoke in the DM right. He did say that yeah yeah, but then that was it and we're like. Okay, just you know, you gotta tell us what's happening and we got a. We can't have another one of those situations yeah and he was like yes of course course he says so that was our last update. That's all right now, Alfredo's got a he's, got a cherry eye which is a prolapse of the tear gland and we're trying super hard to take good care of it, because he's got to get a surgery, yeah I'm in the story, but this is employer and now shredder and shredder is now slicking it. So once you tell sure I don't do not do something, it just becomes obsessed with doing it. You can snip that, yes, it's fine. If there's a jump cut, I, don't care yeah or actually you can just do a full-screen of the photo okay. So I was saying that the last thing when you write was that they made a contact in the DMS. That was it yes, then I think what happened was that we had a power outage for a full day here during quarantine by the way- and it was raining outside so was that the worst were the worst. We were quarantine. We had no power, no reception, no internet and raining and raining we're literally just in an hour. It was just. It was just dark and I literally just slept out of boredom. You ever just slept cuz you're, so bored anyway anyway, next day, then it comes back up. We open our phones, open Twitter, and this is what we see. No, no nobody message us your brother, first of all, I have to say: I have to tell you that I, don't know what he's up to right and I know it isn't some inside joke, but look at the way he's looking at. So this is what Trisha posted look at his face. What is he doing? Is it's like he's he's, like he's goofing on us like look well, it's hard to tell I slice by the way for Trisha nice feel you can't tell could be just ham, smiling bro. What are you doing? What are you doing you know? What's my biggest fear right now is that this actually becomes serious, because Trisha kept trying to come over to our house and babysit Theodore. It's not happening is that she's gonna end up finding a way to come over to our house, but she's Moses's girlfriend no she's not allowed over Oh. So this isn't even the worst of it and by the way I got well. Obviously, I immediately go to Moses and I'm like dude. What's what the f is this and he's so cryptic? Now, all the sudden he's not telling me what's up yeah he's being super cryptic and like he goes, oh yeah, we hung out a few times and I go out and I keep pressed and he will not give it up. So both of these people promised me to keep the bit 100 billion with me. Yes, they promise like I'm, most disappointing your brother Trisha, whatever you wish, you know we serve at her pleasure. I mean you, don't know which work which personality is showing up towards day I'm just happy when she comes in I, mean I expected her to to work within the guidelines to your brother, those on our side and now I, don't know whose side he's on right. Well, it gets worse, there's more. We are see these on her Instagram stories in bed with somebody yeah and, and we see a hand and I'm like again a cryptic I think that's his I think it's his arm. It looks good, it definitely is, but the evidence piles on as we continue forth here. She posts pictures of she says: quarantine date, night, okay, now, okay, so, let's just say: okay! This is a separate day. So whoever this is has come back to her house a date night. She calls it a date night and whoever it is brought dinner, which, by the way, looks like quite a fancy dinner too, if I'm being fun being honest that looks good, I'm very hungry, go ahead. You want to talk about your discovery. Yes, now Ethan put this in our document with like question mark not knowing. If it's my brother well I, know my brother and I immediately spotted his stickers on the table. He does artwork with water and he has stickers that he always will give people and I have those stickers. Myself and I know those stickers when I see it. That's my brother. Oh, those are definitely his stickers. Well, at first I was looking at his hand. I was like. Is that Moses right, the stickers? That's it. He has a big role. I know about this role. He has a huge role of stickers of his water heart and that's that's off his role, so he's hanging out with her now more, not telling us I'm like it what's going on with Trisha downplaying it but thou here we go so I, even wonder if you put it there on purpose and that's what I was wondering right now, - but I, don't think so because, first of all the shows on hiatus. Nobody knows: what's the depth of this Bachelorette ya know. So what exactly is he playing -? Also I, don't think the Trisha Trisha is she started she's, not coven I think she just wants to [ __ ] Moses, so as Moses playing Trisha and us mm-hmm and some weird. What's what's he trying to get at I think he likes her and he won't admit it I think your brother actually likes her and he's embarrassed to admit it, which is fine by the way. I was like look me neither we're talking about this because we're just so perplexed by it and we go look a lot of reputable successful. Seemingly normal people have dated Trisha so well, she's, not my type but clearly a lot of guys like to would like to date. Her, yes and so I think your brother is embarrassed to admit that he actually I don't know. Why he's embarrassed, if that's the case well, if we're, if they are dating or whatever she's gonna, be pissed when she watches this, so the truth is gonna come out getting back, Moses Moses. Why are you embarrassed? Why don't you tell them that we're dating and so now Moses about to meet one of her nasty personalities they didn't get yet I will sabotage this relationship. I don't give a [ __ ], because you both [ __, ] us. So then, just yesterday she tweets in Hebrew yeah. What what is that supposed to mean? What does it say you Oh wah wah wah. It means my love -, but you would say to me cuz, it's like addressing a female right. So if you wanted to my love to me, you would say: oh, but they the Americans, understand gendered, so she are meant to write it from my brother and she made a mistake on gender or she definitely meant it for your brother. Why? All the sudden, she's reading Hebrew another way you could use, it is to say loved, oh I, don't think she did she's, obviously trying to say she loves your brother in Hebrew. There's no other explanation, but then this is the final straw. For me this happened around the same time. The same day she says, I, don't know if I'm in love or just bomb-ass, dick, so I have to ask you it you'll at this point, I feel like I feel like that one especially I think she's doing it to me on purpose. You think so because why you have to say that well, that's Trisha. She always say [ __ ] like that I, don't want to hear that I don't want to hear it either it's horrifying. So how do you feel about your brother having apparently bomb-ass dick I? Don't want I, don't nothing! Let's [ __ ], it done I hate, it I hate everything about it, but it does start by the way Moses. If you go back to the first photo where Moses is grinning it on hold in authority, he's the one holding the phone he is complicit in all of this, so you start here. You go all the way down to tweeting. He has bomb-ass dick on Twitter he's complicit in all of it. He can't ever say this ran away from him because he took this photo. I, don't know I don't know, Joe is off I'm cancelling the Bachelorette is over. We have. This is not even a Walter, not fair for the people who applied I'm. Actually, it's totally unfair its outrages and let me just say that, as a host I'm disappointed, this will never happen. The bachelor is over its curtain, so cursed. Well, at least you know, Indians case you did get your love right. Something beautiful this is office is a beautiful is awful in this case. Our life is right. What about Moses? Let me ask you: what about the story about someone? I, don't want to mean her work, but what about her appearances on her show made you want to date, her I think I, don't think I could see, I mean I, guess everybody, probably first of all, a lot of people would be attracted to examine third type thicker than a snicker, as they say right with some bolted on titties to boot, see this is outrageous because I've seen her, do you understand Moses that the girl you're apparently dating, has sent me personally me tweeted at me, pictures of her vagina right. Do you understand what you're doing that's a problem? Do you undo even understand she, the girl that you're apparently dating what you think is funny I wanted to have a throuple with your slider and your brother-in-law? True, do you understand what your problem if I ever saw one she had double chlamydia Moses at one point just saying she does have a very interesting background. Her stories are very interesting. I just want to say that's, not a question. I'm just upset I may be I'm, saying I'm being read: I'm upset because I've grown to like Trisha quiet me -, which is why I'm even more upset because I wanted to I, don't like to work out this I, don't like I, don't like it I'm sitting now: I really want to send their ass on a cruise I. Don't know what to make of this I really don't so it's that cancelled I guess we're just gonna have to get them both on a call we're gonna have to maybe on zum-zum I, don't know. If this call we should do on soon we're gonna have to get them and just good we're gonna have to debrief this, but I don't think we can ever do the bachelor again. No, it's just curse. It's cursed, yeah, the first of the bachelor is real and it's affecting us personally. I think this is only the beginning. It then you think this is only the beginning, get work because I don't know yet dis, evaluate sure of this relationship. Well, I disavow it and please stop posting. Why do you have to post pictures on Twitter? Just keep it private, dude I know you [ __ ] people privately Trisha qui, can't this be private? Well, you have to post pictures of Eva's brother on Twitter I. Don't get that need to be social about it right, I'm, kind of glad that where this is happening during quarantine time, cuz I wasn't gonna see my brother anyway for a little while after this, because we're in quarantine anyway, because I don't know how to handle it yet yeah. We need some time. We're gonna need some time, and you know he said he was just gonna get involved as a goof, but now all the sudden there's no goof and he's just [ __ ] her every day and they're tweeting about it. I don't need that [ __ ], my life bro, just showing up with my timeline all right. Let's get out, let's get off this, but Trisha and ruined it was a Trisha or Moses I. Personally, blame Moses, I just think could sink repent for it. A throuple effort. Yes, well cuz she's, the one who's she keeps pushing it with those tweets to she and I think she knows, those tweets are gonna. Get us I. Think Moses is putting her up to it too. I think they think it's funny. Maybe who knows, but if they didn't [ __ ], there's almost zero percent chance. They didn't [ __ ], yeah I, don't cuz, no, doesn't there's based on what she's saying and posting, but also she said on the podcast that if she's hanging out with a guy she'll [ __ ] them like they're just my question. Just a hundred percent right should say that all evidence is pointing that it did happen. I got more but I feel like ending it. Let's see big arrow. Let me just end on some gifts, big knife smoke. Could someone explain me what the hell is wrong with dr. Phil? He tweets out big knife. Small wife either unpack that for me with her taking a big-ass bite of God knows what go ahead and unpack that. Would you I feel like it's kind of funny, which is disturbing me because I don't want to believe that dr. Phil is funny like I wanna I want to look at this and say this is creepy but big knife. Small wife is kind of like a reference to his penis right. Is it I think that's what the first thing I thought of was like big big small wife. Cuz weapon is unsheathed or what does it mean? He's gonna kill her easily with the knife yeah, that's what I thought yeah and his maniacal smile dr. Phil's on another level, bro but I see someone said I can't solve this is sexual or threatening alright, but it's kind of funny. Isn't it? Yes, of course it is, but it's just still surprising. It's not a joke. I would think to make spreads dr. Phil, but there's a third person here with it taking a picture who's the third person. What is she taking a bite of it's okay? How could you possibly what is it nice, kitchen, mm-hmm, really nice kitchen? What's this circle era? Is this like a serving mmm circle? Dr. Phil, you don't good for yourself, buddy big nice, small wife news report gone wrong. This is pretty fine, so this dude is doing a news report and bite. You know what a bison is they're these crazy, looking I think you've told me previously that you have like a phobia of bison I. Think so I, don't let these crazy mother-effing yeah, Buffalo bison, huge yeah! Look at this! They just actually look at that look scary! Oh yeah! They look horrified they'll mess you up this thing's way like a thousand pounds, probably so this guy's doing and on the field reporting and a bunch of Isis roaming threads in March up three Oh. Oh my god. Oh no I'm messing with you I think this is live streams. Various trunk I'm surprising, the pack of that that's awesome. So this is apparently what he I think one would just started walking towards him. It's awesome! This is him Dion, Boxton legend. So that's a little goof for you all to enjoy Dan sent me this great news for Dan. Specifically, if you want to call and you're joined in the meeting and now somebody's starting to eat some chips, opening the chip bags, you can hear a lot of background noise and it's very hard to understand me very clearly: teams can remove that background noise, and you can understand me very clearly so how about this? How about just don't eat chips during a call? Well, you would think that, but then apparently cannot see I understand that even during a show. Also like is this the best application of AI like? Is this. This guy's life work to take out the audio from the fuel on the coal baggage at the meeting, so outraged that very clearly no just put the chips down during for the call cheese in the same bag that yeah yep. It's the kettle, the kettles. So that's for a good news for Dan. Are you gonna be able to get your hands on that AI noise-canceling technology down, if not you're gonna have to not eat chips during the show. I have skipping with the cans, but maybe I'll save this. For next week it was kind of long Skippy, the Virgen went to Cannes Film Festival and he blitz a bunch of celebrities and it gets them to give us the HD podcast a shout-out. It's awesome boy watch that next week, so I actually start editing our video. So that's it. Thank you all for watching stay, safe, actually, no response right! Imagine can you imagine me like taking a walk like I should go outside and get like a long shot of our house. I need to stand in the most expensive thing, I own and talk about. Imagine no posessions mmm-hmm. Let me put it in that terms. Imagine no posessions you're, not gonna sing a verse not living today, yeah. Alright, let's wrap it up. Thank you guys for watching I appreciate it. Thank you for watching we'll be back next week. The show must go on Tricia ruined the podcast Shep Moses ruined the pocket. That's right! Your brother has good dick according to Trisha kind of I. Don't want to ever know that that was not appropriate. Does he have a good day? Just weird. Do I have good there [Music].