Well, my friends here we are, they said it would never happen me and trisha, making a podcast and uh. Frankly, I thought they were right for a while, but let me explain first of all what how what brings us to here, which is a pairing up very bizarre. I've been wanting to make a podcast with like another comedian for a while, and I don't mean that to compliment you. I think I mean like two big personalities and in my mind, when I kept trying to think of people to do it with. I always thought you know me and trisha have a really funny chemistry, oh yeah, on all of your visits right well, yeah and I thought well, you know [ __ ] it. Let's just do it like that. Let's do a live! [, __, ], it oh, but this isn't live though. No it's just okay, yeah! No! I! This is also take two, so I feel very nervous, like I feel like I [ __ ] up like we should take two. No, we did have an intro already and now we're doing a second intro because of technical difficulties and I'm nervous because I feel, like I [ __ ] up the performance, you were nervous the first time yeah. That's what I'm saying I want to make the same jokes you're restarting it not that I made jokes, I'm just saying like it's just awkward now, I'm like! Oh did I say something wrong like this: podcast is a disaster? Listen trisha? Why are you so stressed? We've done this before just relax. I think it's before I just always knew like it was it out like it's just like. Oh I'm, never gonna see these people again and it's like you know what I mean like. Oh you have to see me every week yeah, because one of my questions for you is how long do you think it's gonna? Last because my thing is like because with you, I know that, like you, your relationships are very hot and cold, and so we've built this whole set and table, and I wonder you know I wonder how many episodes we we make before before this whole thing is burned to the ground. No, I think what's good about it is it's like we're. Like the view you're like joy, behar and I'm like elizabeth hasselbeck, and even if they fight they still have to do their job. You know I didn't understand that reference, but but I trust it's good. Wait. You don't know the view. No, I know the view, but I'm not familiar with all the personalities, but that's a good good, good, good joy, behar. She so lived. She would like love her she's like an old liberation, liberal jewish. What am I I love? I love libs, yeah, you're, liberal and jewish, so that so that informs everybody. I'm supposed to like joy. Behar is like the like leader of the liberal jewish people. I generally don't like jewish people. Does that surprise? You? No I'm kidding. You always said that you were so like proud, joe. What's not like come on get out of here. I love jewish people. Don't you find it odd to say I love jewish people. Just as a general statement, people do say that they think it's like weird, like I like fetishize or obsess over jews, but I just love them. What do you love about jews they're? So different? Really. Do you find me to be different? Well, just jews in general, like you guys have such like traditions. You know like, let's fast in september, there's a lot of people that fast no but, like you guys have like the new year's coming up right. So like this weekend's a new year- and it's like who just decides that like it's so interesting, you just decide that the new year is january 1st, but jews are like september. You know the jews were doing the new year before january 1st new year. Yeah sure I don't know, I don't know much about it. I just find them fascinating. Okay, yeah! That's it! You prefer uncertain. You prefer circumcised penis. I always get this confused. I just don't like the skin. I don't know what that is you like with no skin, that's what the jews have yeah. We invented that [ __ ]. Really it's true yeah. We invented that [ __ ], okay. I love that you know there's a big debate about um people, saying that it's circumcision is uh. Child uh abuse, yeah that it's the desecration of the of the penis. I could see that did you do your son or no? Yes, we did okay, very jewish. I thought about not doing it to be totally honest with you, but um. We decided to do it because, first of all, I think he should he'll be super confused if his penis looks different than mine and aren't they going to see your penis, what that's normal you've seen your dad's penis everybody's seen their dad's penis. You haven't seen your dad. No, I don't even see my dad shirtless. I swear on my life bible. All that I feel like that's weirder than seeing your dad's penis is not even seeing your dad shirtless never go to the beach with your dad. No he's never had a shirt off swear on my life asked my mom asking anybody never seen my dad without a shirt he's got something weird he's hiding yeah like even when they had sex. My mom would like say he kept the shirt on yeah, but he's not fat he's very like in shape. He like walks your dad [ __ ], with his shirt on, I guess back in the day. I don't know. I should ask him about that and report back. Not. I don't talk to my dad about that stuff. Wait. Is this a structured podcast or we just talk? No we're just talking. Okay. So it's not like. Like okay, I don't watch your podcast, but I thought you had like segments because you do like highlights, I'm not doing segments so we're just talking yeah dude, that's what a podcast is. What is it okay but hold on? Let's uh, I don't think they want to know about circumcised. Penis, like the first episode like, I feel like it's an intro like hey, I'm trish like okay, hi. Well, everybody know, okay. This is what everyone wants to hear about. Since we've had you on, we had yet again another disastrous episode of the bachelor season. Two featuring you. We all thought it ended in disaster, but now you are dating my brother-in-law. Why? And how has this happened? The truth? Yes, I want the truth, yo, what the [ __ ]! That was him. Not me, I literally mean. Should we start over, you want to start all up over what dude look do not. I thought you put it on vibrate. Do not disturb okay. Is that confusing, just just put on vibrate he's reading emails, this is going to be so boring. We need to start over okay, we'll start over. Let's just get right into yeah we're starting. No, no! No I'm kidding I'm getting. No, please don't we're starting over keep the original, intro and then put this then put this part in no, no we're starting all over dan for real. No! No! No! No are you kidding? No okay. Keep this part. Keep this part about us disgusting. Cutting. Tell explain to me why you're dating my brother-in-law. Nobody gives a [ __ ]. Well, obviously, you do about any of the [ __ ] you're talking about other than that? Oh, oh, really, why are you dating my brother-in-law? Can I tell you the truth like honestly? Yes, because like at first, it was like. I just thought it was just like funny. I was like, oh my god, that's gonna, be so funny like I just like [ __, ] them and then I'm coming back on the pockets like. Ah I [ __ ] your brother, yeah and yeah. That's it I mean that's how it started for sure. So do you usually [ __ ] people, out of just to make a joke? Yeah? Well, no, not always but like yeah like sometimes to be like. Oh, I [ __ ], this person, it's like funny so mo so you [ __ ] moses, for a joke, but then you found out that he that he was much more than a joke to you. Mm-Hmm yeah, we're gonna be buying a house together. So it's a success and you guys are so at first well. You know at first I was like what's going on. This is all making me very uncomfortable because I kept moses kept popping up in your socials and not telling us. So I was like what the [ __ ] going on. I don't know why that, honestly, I don't know why that I was like. Why don't you just tell them like well that I agree with because he made it way worse by not telling us yeah, because we like definitely were like the first two weeks of quarantine just attached at the hip for sure, and then he had a traumatic event at his house. So then he just like I'm like we should stay here forever and that's what happened. Um we've had like two like well, it's not really breakups, but we've had like two ish like times where we like stopped talking to each other, but we got them back to each other. So yeah, you guys had a couple. Blowups did we? How do you know? He said it told you? Yes, okay, you actually were the reason of our first breakup breakup we weren't dating, but we were yeah. You made a [ __ ]. You made this hysterical video about how I was trying to sabotage your relationship yeah, because in the thing you literally, we watch it together and I was like. Oh my you're, like oh yeah, he said you said he was applying as a goof, and I was like. Is that true you applied as a joke yeah, you just said you [ __, ] him as a joke. Why are you offended like that seems way? Worse he's like hey, I'm just going to apply as a joke, but then he's like. Oh, I like her and you're, like I'm just going to [ __ ] him as a joke. Despite them I mean that's crazy, yes, so so how is it that I sabotaged your relationship because that whole episode, like you just were like? Oh, like I think, he's embarrassed that he likes her like it was supposed to be a joke like it was all the stuff I was thinking like. Oh, is he like playing me like you know what I mean so you ruined it at the beginning? Well, I blame moses for not telling us what the [ __ ] was up, because the whole thing was weird and then well. At the same time, he's gonna go on your social media and then, like our fans, see that so obviously we have to address it. You think that you see it your social media yeah, it's all over our subreddit and everything. It's like these, these two, these two guys making like super cringy, tick, tocks. First of all, they're not cringy, they're, definitely not cringy, but oh my gosh really yeah. They they don't like your tick tocks either. Where are they barking at go? Uh. Anyone um, um, yeah, first of all, tic tacs are good, but I get more insulted when they say that we're the inverted version of you and ela yeah. I think just because moses is like um, I guess they're, both kind of like understated, maybe or whatever. That means it's quiet, yeah, quieter, well and everyone's quiet compared to you to be honest, not you and they're skinny, and I just think we're like a little like chubbier. So that's the comparison because we're like heavy and they're like oh, so you guys have a type right. Well, that's true! Um! Let me so you guys have been dating. You guys are now living together. I mean what the [ __ ] is. Aren't you guys moving a little fast? Well, he has his museum. Still he has a museum, so he like goes works there, but yeah every night, we're together you guys sleep together. You guys are together every night and he's moved [, __ ] into your apartment. I mean he has like five shirts. So yes, but all five shirts are at my house five shirts, but now he hasn't- and now you guys are so we can like buy a house together like a fancy one because he has like money. So it's the first person I have like ever data that has like money and good credit. How the I mean. Aren't you worried just because your relationships generally don't last very long buying a house together seems like a drastic move. This is my like longest consistent. How long has it been? It's only been a couple months. Six months, six months today, right yeah six months a day tomorrow tomorrow, today, oh six months today, you guys are so weird moses is here by the way because he brought her. I could not come here by myself. You literally told me, don't come to my house she's. Never on that episode. You asked ela. I think this is like a poi for trish to come to our house. She knows she's not coming it's not happening. I was like what a [ __ ], like, I literally said that she was just kidding. I don't think so. Yes, she was no and that's what you were like I'm gonna babysit theodore yeah. I was like keep her away from our kid, but now she's like we could use a babysitter or something no. She didn't did she. She did say that she said that and she sleeps through the night. So I'm like perfect, we'll come watch him. No! No! No! No! Oh! Oh moses! If moses comes yeah, I find it very odd that you're dating my brother. You still, though, like I think at this point it's like well. I've come to accept it because, finally, he opened up to me to the point of being like I actually like her and I like, and that I think that we're in a good relationship- and this isn't just some weird thing- he said I actually like her. Oh, please, don't take. Don't try to turn this yeah. I love he's alike. You are you gonna, tr, you're gonna turn this into a thing. I can't wait to ask you questions I feel like this is a podcast where we co-host. So I can ask you questions about your relationship because I feel like this is like an interrogation. Well this well. This is just the thing that happened that everybody wants to know about. No, he did not. He said he said I don't love her yet, but I really like I'm just kidding. He didn't say that why you guys say you love each other yeah of course. Of course I mean we already like he already is like we have to have a wedding in israel too, like we already talked about. Oh my god, I was just talking about like maui. We're like, let's get married to maui but he's like, but we also need an l.a because he has a bunch of l.a like friends and clients and then like he's like, but we have to go to israel because that's where, like his family, but then he said in israel, they give you money in the [, __, ] tin and you like carry it and then you have to get security and all that stuff like that. I'm like! Well, let's just go there. If they're gonna just give us money yeah, but they well dude what his mom is gonna trip. Does his mom know about you? Oh well, this is a point of contention which I'm glad he's not in the room because he refuses to post me on his instagram, because his mom looks at his story and I was like because she's gonna trip when she sees you and be like what the [ __ ] is that why well I mean any well she's cons. They come from a conservative family if you knew their their their dad is his he didn't like you. I knew that yeah he didn't like me. He thought I was crazy, I mean imagine, imagine what they like and you're like way crazier than I am. Am I, though, because I think so, yeah hmm interesting. Well, why do you think he doesn't post you on his story? He told me it's because of his mom. He said his mom looks at his stories and he doesn't want her to know. I'm like why not well how I just wonder: how can he talk about buying a house and doing a wedding in israel and all this [ __ ] and not posting on his story, because the mom stays with you because of the baby, so she won't even have to see me. I guess if she ever, why is he hiding you? Why is he ashamed of you? I trust his judgment really if she yeah, if people have a judgmental family like you like, I can tell already by his sister and his brother-in-law, that I was like. Oh, he has a judgmental family. Yes, my family he's met all my family already, my dad my mom, my sister, like he's, met everybody, and so they love him. We have family game nights every sunday, so I think I think I think their mom would be nice, though I don't know why he's so guarded about it. I think it's fine, because I have his instagram on my phone, so I know if he's like damning people, so I know it's not about that, so I really do believe. No, no, no he's moses is not he's, not gonna. Cheat on you yeah. That would never happen right. I check his dms every day. Still, oh, my god, girls are thirsty, girls be like oh, hey sexy, I'm like and they do it because they know I'll. Like flip, you know what you mean like they do it on purpose. So dude you have such a weird world around you like. There was a point. Excuse me, pardon me, jesus excuse me when you and moses were having a fight. There's like these. All these super weird underground instagram accounts trying to expose moses yeah, with like three likes, though, which I have to be honest with you trisha. I think you own those accounts, so did he he literally would be like yeah I'm like, but who? How could account? How could an account with like 10 followers, get a hold of moses's private dms I'll, tell you and then post them and then how do you find them I'll? Tell you later tell me now. I can't tell you now, because it's you it's literally yeah um. No, I mean he definitely had the people he used to talk to are psychos. There are psychopaths that are just like uber fans of because we weren't dating right away. Like the thing, that's a little unfair like you were like what are you guys like? We didn't know, you can't just say like we're dating after, like a week of meetings. No, I didn't even know that you guys were even like talking or hanging out yeah, but it was definitely just like hooking up at the beginning for sure, like I was doing sex tapes with, like you know, all these people and stuff like so it wasn't like officially official official until like recently like a couple months like a month or two ago, yeah and that's that's when I was forced to accept it when it was official yeah against my will here. I am I'm so excited for rosh hashanah this weekend am I invited uh, oh no moses is invited and he you want to bring moses. You want to bring trisha, no hesitation yeah. I told him I'm like you're, not going unless I'm coming. Oh, my god. I can't believe this. No, I can't do this. I can't have trish at my rosh hashanah. I know hebrew now, so I could say the prayers I can do. I can talk to your family. This is so [ __ ] up that you're. This is insane, but I have to invite moses he's my brother-in-law right and now you're his significant other. Yes, this is so [ __ ] up and I get to meet your dad and I'm very excited too now. Aren't you embarrassed that you were saying you wanted to [ __ ], my dad? It's like a character like it's a joke. Is it just stop? It's just. You have to put a limit on certain things. I have a boyfriend now as different as single before I got a boyfriend. I have trauma about my dad because he's such a creep, so you can't joke about [ __ ], my dad, oh okay. Well, now that I know that I know the boundaries yeah, so you guys are actually gonna come to our rosh hashanah yeah he'll come with me to the copenhagen club every week. So I was like come to me to make a test because then you guys are really like crazy about it, which I get so we'll do coven covered in stds together. I can't believe this is happening. This is crazy, I'm so excited to come. I have a bunch of israeli shirts like he knows. I have all these hebrew shirts. I said shabbat shalom moses. Why don't you post um? Why don't you post on your stories? Oh, I told you I will, after these podcasts um moses, says moses said he will after this podcast oh establish some credibility. He did say that he's like no, I don't want her to know you on that platform. I need her to know that you like work with them like okay and why? Why is it that you think that she needs to see that we work together or why do you think that would help or what are you afraid of your mom's? First impression I didn't want the first impression to be cause. She well, let's be, let's be honest, let's be honest right if she's like oh, what's her name, she says: what does she do for a living she's, an internet person yeah, I think, but then she googles trisha paytas and she sees you [ __ ]. You know shooting golf balls out of your vagina or whatever goes on on oily fans. I don't think sending vag pics to me on twitter. Remember you did that, but that was before we were dating too, like yeah, but still I'm just saying it happened. I want to do that now, but that's the kind of stuff she's going to see, so that makes sense that moses would want to tempt her. Yes, no, that makes but why he says he was protecting trump. Why, like my family, wouldn't judge you if you had to dick on the internet, like I don't understand like what's there to judge about that, because I'm open with my body. Yes, you post nude on the internet. I see your ass all the time on my timeline and I sent it to moses, I'm like what the [ __ ] is this like. If you don't like my vagina on your timeline, why can you post your ass on my timeline? You're gonna, compare my ass to your [ __ ] yeah um! Well, I I'm I'm trying to hold back. I was going to say busted s vagina, but I don't mean that I just trying to be funny. Everyone loves mine. My lips are in everything's tight like oh, I was. I was telling moses that you know as far as partners go you're very successful, very self-sufficient. I mean those are really good qualities and then there's and then there's everything else but like those are two really good qualities. Yeah. I'm also really like obsessive, like I'm obsessed over him, so I feel like that's, not a good quality, no you're, like that's a good thing, because that means you're like all about that person like no, I I just, I think that's I wouldn't want to [ __ ]. Anyone else like you know, that's when I know I'm in love with somebody like if I'm obsessed with somebody like normally like but see like, I don't find it. I don't. I don't like that, you're going through his messages every night, I find that I find that possessive. Well, there's like a little issue like a couple months ago before we were dating, and I was just like um. I just need to know for my own trust, but you know now that I have it. I don't really. I really don't look, I think, like the first night I was like so excited and now I'm like, oh, like he literally, doesn't respond and it's just girls being thirsty, but that's it, but they literally were like catfishes because they like were my haters. I think it's like. We think it's one person that has these multiple accounts. Whatever it's like. I know it's one well, actually, there's definitely two but and they're like weird obsessed fans and it's fine, whatever we nipped in the bud. Okay, good well, well, someday you'll, be my sister-in-law. It sounds like. Is that what it is like? Maybe like sister-in-law in law, right, sister-in-law and mom- know you'd, be my sister-in-law? No, I don't think oh cause. It's like twice removed yeah. It's like I'm elo's, sister-in-law, you're you're. Still, my sister-in-law. If you marry my brother-in-law, I mean I'll. Take it. I love the title sister-in-law. It would definitely be family. Definitely both boning the same genes, oh like our babies, will be. Oh, our babies would be related cousins, oh cute, because they have the same genetics skinny. I thought you couldn't have kids, because you had double gonorrhea or something um yeah I mean I have a uterus still so like I can still get like ivf or something go ahead. Tell me, what were you going to say? Moses was like still scared to come inside because he thinks I'm like lying, but I mean sometimes we do, but it's not on the ovulation week. It always has to be like around because he's like. I believe I think it could happen. Miracles, I'm like all right. Well, then, I guess pull out whatever, so you got chlamydia and then you've got chlamydia on top of the chlamydia. What happened yeah I like let it go for too long. Oh, that's so [ __, ] yeah, I just never get tested, I'm literally so pain. Right now I get tested like every week. I'm just like what, because I do like so what happens? If you let the chlamydia go wild and like run its thing. Oh it like damaged my like tubes, so I had those hsg tests which is like scarring in my tubes and so like it's. You can get them like scraped off. I guess like the little like scarring of the tubes but like it still goes through. There was still some fluid that goes through it. So, like semen, does still go through, but I mean I used to have like unprotected socks like every day six times a day and I never got pregnant for like years, so I don't know so it's still like a possibility, never know if it's meant to be maybe but also ivf and all that stuff yeah. Maybe I have an announcement soon. Oh people were kept saying because we were like we've got this big announcement. People kept saying that they thought you were pregnant, yeah but I'll, announce it here. You will yeah okay, good and anything else, yeah uh! No anything! I want all announcements, no just the baby. I promise but everything else, no, okay, uh what else dan? How much time we got? Oh, are you over it uh I kept cutting, but I think we're at like 35 35. already yeah, I'm over it. No I'm kidding no she's curious. This is so weird. Do you let people know you have acid acid reflux, because it's like I know now, I'm like they say that coughing is like the new n-word. Oh cause, corona yeah, and so, oh, my god, do you get tested. I feel like I'm a po yeah, of course, so I'm like a public hazard. Everyone thinks I'm like a freak now. So what else is going on in your life? You're dating my brother-in-law? That's that's yeah! That's exciting! You're killing it on only fans love my only hands you have a set. Can I see your 70 000 purse? Oh yeah! I was very proud. This is the first time I'm like wearing this out because we never leave the house. So I'm like, let me bring it to your bougie family. Why? Why is this a seventy thousand dollar purse? It's one of a kind pink um crocodile um shout out privy porter, so it's 100 authentic. It's like she's a handler for perkins, specifically, so she authenticates it and um. Oh yeah! Oh this looks so good. Can I say- and I don't mean any offense, but it does look like a 70 goodwill purse. Definitely ugly, I was going to do a video being like I regret this. I touch it yeah, I guess yeah, you have clean hands. Your hands are clean. Your hands are nice. Well, they said yeah. Thank you. Your house is clean, so I um. What do you think I mean I I genuinely don't understand how you can justify spending seventy thousand dollars on that it looks dirty. I think it might have been used. It doesn't look as pink as the photos, even if you're trying to like flex like I feel like people wouldn't even recognize it. It's not that distinguished. That's, not true. People will definitely know like if you're into bags like if you're like, oh because they know pink, first of all, crocodile birkin's so hard anyways, like green they're, always gonna be like 65 000 minimum. As of 2020.. I don't know why you're watching this, but 2020 they're um, that's the minimum, but this is pink. So it's like extra, it's just extra and then also the size. It's 30., it's 30, so like 30 is hard to find. I pick it up. I just I'm very happy. I want to look around it's not cute like it should have been cuter. It should have been pinker. It's cute, though. Actually it kind of matches this. I guess um it just should have been more of a baby doll. Pink, I don't get it 70, 000. yeah, I don't get it. This was. This was maybe a mistake, but we still do it because it's 70 000. So I can tell people like look it's 70 000 because, like you, have a fancy house and I have a fancy bag so yeah, I guess and then and then you're also flipping on me with the watch show the watch. I don't know. Okay, shout out, are you gonna come in here and flex on me that hard, a a diamond? I never wear rolex because I got it during um quarantine. So, like we really haven't gone out anywhere or something how much thought cost I got. I don't we don't know for sure, because I got a discount on because I was like I got. I gave a shout out on instagram, so I got like a discount. I don't know. Was it like 28 000? I don't know, and how much should it have cost? I have no idea, oh I'm so bad with like can I feel it is there any risk that the diamonds come out or they're in there pretty good yeah? It's like. Also like a warranty or something like that so yeah, I have another one coming that one's like 50.. Are you afraid you're going to get like mugged or something when you're watching this? I don't want to flex it. That's part of the reason why I don't I don't wear jewelry or care about stuff, because I'm just you're just begging someone to mug, you yeah, I don't like wear like every day. I just wear it for like special occasions. If I like just going to and from a place you know, so you brought that bag just to come in here and flex on me. No, I just never worn it out and I was like this is my chance, because we don't go out. Oh rosh hashanah. I could bring a different one. Stop bringing up russia's shauna dude, I'm very giving my ptsd and I haven't even done it yet. Should I wear like an israeli shirt like a hebrew shirt? What does that mean? I have so many of them. Can you just wear? Can you can you just wear like a full uh? He job. Can I just say I've been asking moses to let me wear a hijab and he won't. Let me he has a couple scarves and he won't. Let me wear it on public wait. Why do you want to wear a hijab they're so beautiful we watched 90 fiance as in, and I want to wear that it looks so cool and he's like no, you can't wear it and I was like why why, because it's the man's garment and the women's, so it's religious. It's disrespectful to the religion. Moses says it's kind of a fashion thing. Is it kind of cultural appropriation to be like? I just want to wear a hijab, because I think it looks great and then people are like what is this crazy-ass cultural appreciation? No, I'm appreciating it like. I think it's beautiful, like I think it's awesome. What do you just want to wear a full body hijab, not a full body. I just want the like one around here on rosh hashanah: can you just wear a full body hijab, where the even the eyes are covered? It's just a netting. They have those yeah, I'm gonna, get that for you and and 4xl actually. Can I just tell you your 2xl teddy fresh is not that big. It's very triggering. I ordered two xl t-shirts, mostly even know. On the last thing we did. I had like my big shirt and it was so tight like the neck. The body like everything is like this is a 2x and I buy 2xl from logan paul. I bite to excel merch from a lot of people and I'm like. Why is this one so small, like it's very triggering, I always buy 2xl to be really big and comfy, so I feel skinny and that one's very fitted, the pink stripe one specifically well, our clothes are fitted, but I guess we don't accommodate like 50 g's or whatever what size do you wear? I wear xl. No, why wh? What do you think that I wear you're saying I wear a bigger size than you yeah? No, this is an xl right here: okay, skinny skinny, you're dieting. Why are you dieting? You already have a wife. I have gerd, I'm gonna get diabetes and I'm gonna die yeah. I think I'll get diabetes for sure. I don't want that [ __ ]. So what I'm doing is I stopped eating dairy and bread and it's interesting because you really can't splurge that much when you don't eat bread or oh you're, not eating dairy or bread yeah. When did you start this uh just like a week ago? Oh, you think it'll like continue like keep it up long-term. I think I'm trying, I hope so because my mom is allergic to dairy and bread, okay and I'm trying to get control of my gerd, which is the acid reflux, where I'm always coughing and [ __ ]. Oh, it's a diet, change that so you can control it. I don't know if it's gonna work, I do it is better before I could not even talk it was. Are you happier or do you feel sad that you can't eat food you're like I'm, gonna die? No, it's f! I I'm so sad that I can't eat food, I mean I love pizza and burgers. It's literally gives me it's one of the one recipes of joy I have in this cruel, dis, horrible depressing world. I just want to smash a [, __, ] burger and eat a pizza to my dome, and I can't do it. You can't- and it's just it's just it's so sad. I can't do it yeah. I go on a diet for like a day and then, but I could die tomorrow, so I might as well just eat the food. I want to eat yeah, but you're kind of in you're kind of fulfilling the prophecy when you yeah a pizza every day. Iconic, though, like think of all the people that are legendary died, young, chris farley, elvis marilyn anna yeah, I don't care about legacy or anything. That's all I care about. Really you think you. What are you doing to ensure your legacy just existing, but I think in general, if I die, young it'll be more iconic. Think about there's not to put that out there, because I really don't well you're gonna. I don't think you're gonna die young from eating burgers. Possibly that's. My biggest fear, though, is that I die have a heart attack and they have all this evidence of me being like a mukbang and being like see. She [ __ ] died of a heart attack, but I don't think that's how I go out. How do you think you'll die? I don't want to say I feel like that is, but you obviously have a you have a premonition yeah. How is it? How does it go? No, I don't want to tell you like it's so sad and tragic and like does it involve drugs? No, oh! No! I wish. Are you alone? No, I don't want to talk about. I don't know why. I'm scared, I'm so scared about it to be honest, but you've already thought it. So what is speaking it? I'm gonna do speaking things out there. It's like manifesting it. I don't wanna manage see. I think that speaking it out makes it not happen. Okay, I don't think so, because anything I've ever spoken out. I've gotten well anyway. I'm scared to mention it but anyways. My point is, I probably, will die young I've accepted this fate and I just spend and live and eat, and it's not eating that kills me so bring on the korean fried cheese. You know, god that korean fried cheese I just uh, it's just not fair. I wish there was a pill or I just want to have diarrhea all the time or something. So I just you know what I mean like it's just stupid. It's really sad. I ask literally most every day like do you just love being skinny like? Is it just amazing, like I can't imagine eating whatever he eats everything and like is so skinny, no guys like moses and ela. They just they're different they're different breeding human beings like I've spent a day with moses he's, just he doesn't get hungry like people like me, and you do well now he does like he's. Gonna get fat, he's gonna get him. If he's gonna be with you, he's gonna be a fan. He went to kfc and each got a bucket of chicken and he like took it down. So you spent all day with him, but like how many meals does he eat in a day he doesn't need as much. I thought I've gained weight because I used to only do like intermittent. I told him literally this week, I'm like I can't eat dinner with you, because I have a music video next week I have to like not eat dinner like eat it before you come because we will eat like three big meals. Like one day we went to dunkin donuts got breakfast sandwiches and donuts, then for lunch we went to mcdonald's got nuggets and he got a chicken sandwich. Then what did we have for dinner? That day that? Oh, we had boa steakhouse for dinner, with mac and cheese and mashed potatoes, and then he sweets everyone. So we always have chocolate, mousse cake and we always have like dessert every meal like. Oh, let's have ice cream. Let's have a look. I could get fat, but here's the thing. I've eaten lunch with moses, so many times and I'll like destroy. Let's say we go, we go out and we get shawarma and french fries and stuff. I destroyed that [ __ ] and I moved on to french, fries and falafel and he's got. This is what ila does too it's like. He only ate a quarter of his shawarma and he only had three french fries and in the meantime, it's like. You think you're eating the same amount but you're. Not oh, okay. That's what ila does that's really triggering that because I feel like we always finish our food, but maybe I'm the one finishing it he's he's just like matching your pace, but he's not eating the same volume. We order like five meals for dinner, like from like lalas, we'll have like empanadas steak and we'll get two pastas no key, and all this like marinara, pasta, mashed, potatoes on the side he's just being nice, but he's not going he's not doing what you're doing. But then it's all gone yeah, you ate it all. You ate 80 of it right moses. Oh my god. That's what ela does to me like. Let's order a bunch of food and then you just eat it well, because eli used to be like we eat the same thing. I don't know why you're so fat. I was like wait what she said that to you for real or no you're, just like exactly no. She used to say that to me and I'd be like girl. I eat three times faster than you and then I cl, and then I eat what you don't eat right. Okay, but the difference is. Is she she's asking like why you? Why are you so fat moses is very appreciative of my body, I'm so fat? I'm sorry, you guys know it turns me on so much your body disgusting. It makes me feel good because I know I've gained weight. I know I've like gained probably a good 20 pounds during quarantine like when our first date. I look at my facebook- oh my god, so much thinner. So I know I've gained weight like I'm sorry, I'm fat, but I'm going to lose weight and then he's just like no. Your body is perfect like and it's the difference. When I watch you guys on the podcast, is he feeding you? Is he a feeder? I don't think he's feeding moses. Are you a feuder? I recall him telling me once before he even thought about dating you that he liked bigger girls. I remember him making a comment. I swear to god. I swear. He said he liked heavier girls and it always stuck out to me it's not heavy triggered. He was like. I love huge girls he's like I love huge massive girls, [ __, ] yeah. You said that so I was like wow. I know it's not true. I've seen girls, like you say, they're, always like skinny, asians, so you're, neither of those things yeah, I know he's like oh yeah. I needed a girl from thailand. I did a girl from korea, I'm like what the hell like- and here I am, I think, moses- has a real trouble with commitment, though, because he's not really been in any long-term relationship since I've known him, which has been a long time now, are you gay, because that was like a long time to go without girls? I think he's just a very uh independent person and I do think he likes to spite his family, which may explain you guys. Oh, I can see that for sure. Yeah, I think moses likes to he likes. Despite his he's he's. Often his whole life has kind of been the pursuit of spiting and distancing himself from his family I'll. Take it. I love it. Yeah he's like I left it like right away from israel. I didn't go travel. I just [ __ ] left. I was like bye. I was like okay cool but yeah. I could see that for sure I'll take it it's fine, whatever yeah, whatever, whatever. I think the same with him, though, because I was telling like you're, not my type either, and I think it's like fun now he's like a toy. It's like! Oh, I got a middle eastern. You know, oh my god, it's fun! I cannot [ __ ] believe you're coming to rosh hashanah dinner. This is so [ __ ] up you're gonna bring her moses yeah. He said yeah coming. He literally said that he's like I'm not gonna. Go he's very like that. Like any time, we've had a coral or beef he's like I'm on your side like thank you. You know he he's spoken about you very nicely, always even when you guys had a fight and he's like. I don't know how much I can say of what he told me without pissing you off tell me, I can say it all of it. Okay, give me permission well. He just said that. Well, first of all, you were accusing him of like [ __ ], like flirting with miners. Okay, can I just explain everything no hold on you? Stop. Let me explain what happened because the people deserve to know. Oh my god. First you guys were dating and then you started sending me all these crazy dms, with screenshot being like your brother-in-law's [, __, ], crazy and he's sick and he's [ __ ] minors, and I was like all right and I was like I'll pull out my phone and read the dna. I did not say miners. I can pull out my you said underage. No, you want me to get my phone appropriate age, very young girls that are like 22.. That's what I said: yeah pull it out cause. I even showed him inappropriate age for him. He's like, like that's not what you were saying you were saying under 18., I didn't say under 18. there's no way. I said that there is no way yeah anyways. Do we really have to like go? This is so embarrassing? Look the people deserve to know by the way I unfollowed you on twitter because you kept posting pictures of your vagina. I was like. I can't handle this yeah. I did because moses asked you. No no okay, I'll, follow you on instagram too. I just can't handle your butthole vagina on my timeline. It's [ __ ], crazy. You were like offended when I was like gaping. I had like a gaping [ __ ], because I had like a butt plug in there and you're like. Why? Is it so big what yeah that can be? I remember that I guess I blocked it out yeah. It's certainly not something I want to be seeing on my timeline, so I hope you can understand. Okay, you ready that's not! This is so triggering ready. I never said underage. I know I didn't okay ready here we go dude. I know we don't talk, but moses is disgusting. I have no intention of making anything about this, but maybe check him talking to your fans, this yeah I'm getting there. Okay, this is from a fat piece of [ __ ] fan of yours, who was 23 and he [ __ ] on valentine's day. He is disgusting. Yeah 23., I said 23. yeah, yeah yeah hold on. First of all, don't read this video. You better call this for real. That is the psycho. Just don't well [ __ ] her, then I don't know, but you got baited and then so. But my point is: is that an actual psycho? Okay? Fine? Who cares? Well, you have a card security yeah, okay, but but anyway you were sending me these dms and I was like wow this shit's crazy and then I actually started hitting up moses, because I was like dude why I don't want. I can't have you flirting with my fans because you were. I was a fan yeah. I was a fan. You said: there's audio screen recordings check the bio and then you're like check out this exposed channel with 10 followers. I was like, oh that's you, that's literally you, oh you think, I'm the exposed channel yeah. Why would I want to like embarrass myself? No, you were just. It was all about trying to expose. Why, when I was like like really truly like in love with him, why would I try to like kick him? You said he talked so much trash about me and made fun of my body and then used me. He's scary and vile needs help. Yes, I was really mad man, but that's the difference. I didn't answer because I was like moses what is going on and then you say bonded a month later, you're really trying to charge it, because that was because I, because you yeah, because I didn't want to this- was insane to shoot yourself. We were fine because we had fathers and everything and you're like well. I because I'm like I have to address the issue that tristan just well. Let me finish this: can we not? He said just so. You know none of this was a troll. I truly thought he liked me, but he played me. He always was bitter. He was never on your oh here. I won't read this. I won't read that yeah, that's fine! Oh my god. Look at me just stop all together, please! This was already a point of contention, we're past it just stop yeah here you said he talks to underage girls. No right there. He talks to underage girls, weird where I literally don't see right there. He talks to underage girls confirmed that he thinks about what that was. Yes, but but this is a difference. No, it's not it's the same set of messages about his work. Stop it's the same set of messages: five, seven, ten! Thirty, five! Seven, ten thirty telling you this is this girl. You said read this part. He said it says he talks to underage girls. It's separate it's a period. It's not! It's! Look! It's 5, 7, 10, 30 p.m. 5 7, 10, 30 p.m. Can I just say he doesn't talk to anybody now, not even about his work, not men, not women. So I'm just trying to explain the situation. Well, I saved him from further embarrassment. He says he stalks to underage girls. I don't expect a response and again I don't want to talk to you again, but he's just a fraud and he's scary. Okay, can I not put this in there? This is going to be so bad, oh they're, in a toxic relationship. No, no! No! I'm! No! It's all good! I'm just saying you're painting, yeah! You are you're crazy. I mean that's. Everyone knows that jesus! Oh, you pulled this a lot by the way you said he's a psychopath. I have 24 hours of security. Now how many? How many people are you going to blame having 24 cents? There's a lot of people throughout man, [ __ ], this guy I've got 24 hours security. Now hannah I've got 24 hour, security, [, __ ] this stalker I've got 24-hour security. I did tell them, don't let him in I mean that was part of it. I mean there was just a lot because you know wait. Can I tell you this? Is tea, or do you want to keep going with this? Is that actual tea that I wasn't going to say? But the point is that I didn't respond. I do want to hear about that, but I was like the point. Is that I'm not going to respond? I'm going to talk to moses first, because you said he's talking to underage girls and he's talking to your fans, so I was like so he was like no I'm not doing that. Trish is crazy, he's saying sexually, he didn't say you're crazy, but he's like I didn't do that she's just mad, and so I responded I said hey. These are super serious allegations. I talked to moses about it. I just want to make sure that I'm responsible with this stuff, because obviously I don't want- I don't want to not have done my due diligence on this. He says it's not true. I'm just tr. I just want to get past this and then you said, and then you said. Oh, it's all good. Actually, what you said is he's disgusting. I was trying again another girl came out of the woodwork, oh my god and then, but anyway you guys worked it out. Guess what I have his instagram password I'll show you right now he doesn't damn me like he like, and then he said that you are ugh. I don't know because we were dating and like it has events like we weren't dating, but then awesome. He said he broke up with you because you started like punching him he's shaking his head. No, oh okay! You said I could say everything I did not punch him. You said that's why you broke up with me because I punched you. I went like this okay and he's frail, but I didn't plan it wasn't. Can I okay? If you wanna, do fine if you're gonna, [, __ ], if you're leaving this and I'm gonna, have to say the full [ __ ] story, because what happened was is we were like upstairs and I took his phone? I saw like other dms to girls. He like tackled not tackled me but like we went to the floor, and so then I like punched back, but I never punched him. I was like hey you piece of [ __ ], like I wasn't like that. You guys had a tussle. He had bruises. So of course he's like. Oh my god like look, and I was just like I didn't- do it like on purpose. I was like that. You know what I mean. It was a tough you guys were fighting over his phone- oh my god. Well then I took his keys, and so he was trying to get the keys back. But can I say yes, how long did we fight for the keys like 12 hours off and on basically 12 hours of fighting? But I had him like. I was putting all my weight on it on the bed like to like not let him get it cause, I'm like. Okay, all my weights on it he's not gonna, be able to get the keys, and literally we just started like [ __ ]. Oh my god, you guys are so crazy. How was this- and I was like? Oh, maybe this is the key, because we never did it like that. I was just like bent over like like standing, and I was just like- oh and then he opened his pants down and we just started [ __ ] and I was like oh moses. What is wrong with you? Oh god, you need jesus. The point is obviously and also we weren't dating. I don't know why he said we he broke up with me because of that we weren't. No, he he said he called it off after it got after the tussle. I guess it wasn't abuse. Oh my god. It wasn't like I punched him and, like you guys, I know moses he's he wouldn't he wouldn't endure that he wouldn't get back with you. I want to say I don't. I don't want to paint it as like he's moses is in an abusive relationship, he's a self-sufficiency just trying to understand what happened, because I've been getting a lot of grief from you, I'm just trying to understand. What's going on, because now you guys are buying a house together. Yeah, oh my god, that's crazy! This is awful. This is why I should have done the podcast, because, honestly, this is the first episode. Well good thing: I'm not going to share anymore we're both not sharing any more personal details with you. Yes, he will nope nope all right well so anyway, I feel like we've, we've pretty much covered enough ground here on the moses thing, but you guys are in a good place. Now, no hustling, no tussling! I have all access to instagram accounts, foams, that's the definition of a good, healthy relationship like I always know when you guys are texting him like I always just know like even before, when he was, you guys would text him like. What's the tweets like what are these? I'm, like? Don't [ __ ] respond like it way early on yeah freaky. I love it. I know the group chat, so I know so much. Actually the group chat yeah. I know you're about your guys. I know all the group chats that come through. So I'm just saying I know everything about. I know a lot even about like your. I just know everything about your family and stuff, so anyways there's nothing to know about my family. I'm just saying I know a lot. So are you trying to like threaten me? No, I just know a lot like you have a big mouth. Okay, maybe I got a big mouth too, but I'm gonna be nice and just like nothing about my family, okay, you're right, I literally had no insecurity. Okay, I'm not going to I'm not going to for moses to say, because you know what I love moses and I [ __ ] respect like the stuff but you're making private you're making something in private and you put it in public. He tells me I'm proud, but I'm literally you're making it sound worse by not saying what it is because there's nothing. I guess that's what it is, and I told you what happened. No about you, knowing something about my family. Oh okay, I mean no something bad. I'm just saying, there's little things that I know too, it's not a big deal whatever. What so say it I mean it's nothing like it's not, there's, no reason to say it but you're making it sound like it's bad, I'm just saying I know everything so don't act like oh, you have some special connection with moses. Like I know more than you do about everything like. I know everything about everything I know more about moses than anybody like. I know more about your family than anybody. I know more about historically than everything yeah I know about. I don't know anything about my family, exactly exactly. How do you know anything about my family? My parents don't even know anything about themselves. What what is happening? Why did you turn this into some weird veiled threat? It's not a threat. You're like I know the truth, but you know what that's why I feel like. I actually do like feel love for you, because I feel sorry for you. So I was like okay. That makes sense, and now I feel more like compassion for you. So why do you feel sorry for me? I just get it. Oh, my god, she's just making [ __ ] up to like try to sound tough. I get it. I just say what you're saying they have very similar like upbringings like I get it. Oh about my family. I've talked about them all the time, but I just get it. What about how my parents, like were not involved at all in my life, if we're gonna, rosh hashanah, we shouldn't talk about this. This episode. I talked about this all the time on the podcast. It's not a big secret. That's what you were frank. No, I don't whatever what does moses know about my me and my parents relationships. You said some weird [ __ ] dude. Now, let's [ __ ] get it out in the open. I love your family. I can't wait to meet them. I literally can't wait. You still want to [ __ ], my dad. No! I have a boyfriend all right, but I definitely want to try your mom she's, a horrible chef, but I'm pretty good. My sister is good, we'll probably just order out not that so what's the tea you have it's an ah. You said you had tea yeah because of you. Actually, my first thought the real first initial reason. I got the security, which is why I blame moses, so literally our first like breakup, which is like we weren't like officially dating, but like the first time we took a break for two weeks or whatever um from talking was the day before my birthday and literally the next day, an israeli man shows up to my house with a gun and okay. I didn't know at first. First he shows up. Oh god, I shouldn't say this he's. Basically this is it he's. Your fan sees me on the h3 podcast, because my friend was there because it was my birthday, so I had my gate open, so people could have like deliveries come through and stuff, because I knew I was gonna get flowers and [ __ ]. So I was like. Let me just have this open, and this is like 12 hours after I told moses, to never talk to me again, sort of thing all of a sudden, an israeli shows up like, like. I see him through my camera, what the [ __ ], but didn't always israeli at the time, comes back my friend now my my best friend is there like delivering something, but also during covis was like standing back and the guy comes up again like the guy was at my door an hour later comes back again and my friend was like you know like who? Are you blah blah and he's like? Oh and he's like? How did you know like? I just need to talk to trisha like I'm in love with her. She needs love like she's gonna die soon like I need to give her love like. Why do you have a gun? Okay? Why? Okay, so then he's, I guess he's he said he's so basically he got cedric got like his name and number because he was like what the hell like. This is weird. He got his name and number. He talked him for a minute whatever, and then he kept calling my friend and was like um what's happening what's happening, he goes. I saw her on the bachelorette like she like. I need to love her because yeah exactly for real, yes, he's like h3 like I know them and all stuff and then he's like. Then he said he was like israeli, and I was like, oh my god, like moses, like sent this like hitman or something, and you guys also hated me so all of a sudden, it's in israel by the way. Just so you know he's not my fan the people that watch our show hate me. Well, he watches the show so anyways so he's like. I know h3 like he said it like that, like as if it was a person and he's like I'm israeli, and I was in the israeli, oh he's the same age, because I looked him up. He left his real name and number, which was very weird but anyways um, so he's like he goes he's the same age as like moses in the military I was like. Oh, this is weird, so I really did think moses. Like was trying to set me up to like die like I thought he like hired a hitman or whatever and then like, because you always hear that, like you like tell someone, I never talk to you again and then they kill you the next day. So then I was like oh [, __ ]. So then anyways he he left. But then my friend, like ordered a pizza to my house, like my actual friend, was like. I got you dominus, because I didn't know what to get you. So I had the delivery guy coming through the big gate. The guy like runs in he's like really what the [ __ ] yeah anyway. So please come. This is the [ __ ], crazy things arrest him right. I guess books him. I don't know the word wait hold on. He ran in with a gun. I like closed the door I caught. This was the second I called 9-1-1. I called in one it's like the middle of the day. I called I don't know you closed locked, the door. What did you get the pizza? No, I didn't get the pizza, so he was out there with the pizza guy. I don't know because, like literally I didn't, I didn't look at the events. I don't know like what happened but like I guess I don't know what happened with them. Obviously they both at some point left, but he came back a week later and this is when moses and I reconnected, because he came back a week later- jumped the fence. Oh, so I had the security 24 hours for a week. The guy comes back well. He came back that night at two, so so shane and ryan came over to celebrate my birthday on may 8th and then right when they left at like 1 30 a.m. This guy comes back now. At this point. I have the security there because I was able to get them really quick um, but I it was expensive, so I had it for a week the minute. The first day I don't have security. The guy comes back jumps. My fence tries to get him through the [ __ ] thing. It was so insane and the messages he kept. Sending to my friend was I'm israeli. I was in the military, I know h3 like it was all of that, and I was just thinking like um, I'm being set up to be killed and it's because of you and moses and elam uh yeah. We did that. No, what happened with him was he arrested. Did he go away? What happened? Yeah, I don't know. I should say this, but this is why I [ __ ]. Now I have two security, because when one takes a bathroom break, I gotta have like another one on guard. You know what I mean, but um you have a small army at your apartment, literally for hannah one for the stalker and moses was awesome in the military for moses. You know just huh yeah. What no oh is security for him, or he is this well. You did before he used to work security, which is another like benefit so um. So what happened to the the stock, so they can't they literally booked them, arrested them all stuff like that. They can't hold them because of covid. This was during may, like they literally like you can like yeah. You can try and kill someone, but like we'll. Let them go because he came back at 2 a.m. So what about him now? Is he still coming to your house? Well then, like I guess, after the the week he came back the private detective like called him. I guess because he gave the name a number um I was like hey latrice alone is like oh I'm. So sorry I didn't know, and I guess he got scared and called the detective back. I was like. Oh I sent her some gifts like I don't want to get arrested because he had a. He had a kid with him. Oh my god! Oh my god. That's all right! I don't know anyways. Oh that's! So sad what the [ __ ] I have like crazy. I've had like actual. I know people are like I mean I want to say: do all people who do porn get like crazy stalkers? I wonder so. I think that's it because I never used to get like ever this, and I think because I started doing like only because, even after, like the adam 22 like collab and lena like I got really weird people, and this is actually another me and moses. The time we broke up and got back together was because I was in crisis because the second time we got back together was like in july, and my security was like: hey there's like people like casing your house, but we didn't like definitely wasn't fans of mine and um and then that time too, oh well, I don't know if I should say all this, but I mean at this point, like the person got into my house like when I was taking a shower ew. What wait? The crazy guy would that's been stalking you with this kid got in your house. I think, because I didn't see I saw crazy. I thought I was like hallucinate yeah, it's very it's! That's so disturbing yeah. So anyway, I'm sorry that that's that's it's because of you! That was scary. Well, I don't accept responsibility. If you're gonna blame me, I'm gonna blame you and bring all of it, but why don't you move you've gotta move to a more secure spot. That's what we're doing yeah you guys are gonna get a baller ass house, because you're pretty rich there's like water, slides, like they're freaking, oh you've, already been looking at places. You have a good idea of what you want yeah. We know like exactly where to go and stuff like that, but there's a specific house already or just an area, but definitely the area are you going to get? You should go gated for sure, but double gate like double gates. Inside of the gated like I don't just want like a house to go yeah the gated is is awesome. I love the gate. Yeah my dad lives in a gated, and I like reputed with him. So this feels better. So um wait. We didn't even talk about you. We can't wrap it up. We didn't even talk about you. Well, we've got a family issues and your relationship issues I think we have to do is he looks like what no we're trying, though I feel like she is, and you guys just don't no she's, not really yeah. So I would tell you she's, like so happy recently like in the podcast she's like smiling at you and laughing and giggling and I'm like, is it possible? We just have a good marriage and where, when would that work, you didn't say I love you when she left or kissed her you're like dude dude we've been married, we've been together for, like god knows, like almost let's see we got married in 2012, so it's been eight years of marriage. We were together for five years before we we've been together for 12 years, and you can't say I love you. I tell I love you all the time you didn't say it when she left. I wanted something happens to her and you never said. I love you or what does something happen to you because she knows. Did I see him? Yes, you guys are so funny, because I was awkward when I came here, but you guys are like hella awkward too, so it just makes everything awkward like you guys, aren't like lovey-dovey all over each other. I don't know what you expect. I was just like sweating like just to me to be like caressing, her all the time well like normally. Meanwhile, this would be like even in public, we're always all over each other, but this is different. Love new love. No, let's keep it to an hour hour's good, because you don't want to give them too much just enough to keep them interested. What do you want to talk about next time? You want to talk about yeah and all your the topic of this episode was really just you and moses, which I think we really fleshed out. It was a great I think we covered a lot of ground yeah. I think that's done talking about that, because you just yeah now we just go home and I have to like punch him again just kidding. No, I think we did a really good job. Domestic abuse isn't funny. No, I agree and and moses would not stand for that- yeah and you guys are still together. So I'm not trying to say domestic abuse, you guys [ __ ] afterwards, no during because then he still was pissed and I still was like. Oh one, one final, okay, whatever I talked about give me your give me your final thought. I was just saying you know what I was super impressed about mo this. That day I threw I threw my keys over. I threw his keys over my belt, my gate. You know like the really tall gate like what, like eight foot gate, he just hopped over it. Really I was like whoa, who is that, like I was expecting him to like whatever, but he hopped over it. And then I tried to stand behind his car and he almost ran me over, but my legs looked really skinny in his rear view. I don't have that picture anymore, what you're so crazy, because then he got in the car I just can. I just can I just say in closing: trisha he's my brother-in-law and I wish him well. So I just want to say all this crazy with the king throwing the keys in the center. You just gotta, you gotta tone it down. You're gonna buy a house with them. You talk about serious stuff. Well, it's over. We gotta tone it down. He wasn't making it like official. So I was like paranoid is like why and then so now we're official we're good we're solid with everything's great and no damning me [ __ ] about him flirting with underage girls um. I didn't think he was flirting with underrated. You literally said that I said you literally no. You literally said that, oh my god, but he does he's not and he never did to our wedding in l.a or israel or maui. We have three I'll come to all three of them, really sure you guys wouldn't come. You said he's like my family is not going to come to maui, I'm like so it's just gonna be my family's like yeah and I'll. Have the ocean I'll come to maui? Okay, really, you don't think I'd come to maui. Why not? I mean from israel yeah they weren't. You said ethan and ela would not come to maui. Yes, but my family's coming to maui- and you said: ethan and nila won't travel with a baby. Now no see you can't leave now we'll leave the baby with my parents. Well, you guys are getting married tomorrow, yeah, probably soon yeah whatever. Who cares I'll go to one of them no come on? I would love. If you came to all three I don't want to go to. I probably won't go to israel. We might buy a place in israel, oh god, I want to hold it down, just slow down, slow down or hulan. I want to one house at a time shout out: hulan israel, houlon yeah, what the [ __ ] is hulan, oh alone, you didn't even get close to saying it right. I was like hulon there. Moses and ila are born in a city called alone. All right. Let's wrap it up! Stop oh ali! Oh my god! Wait did you just say you like his dick. I want him gross. Oh, I know like laylee cat pot like like my [ __ ] right ew, and she just touched your crotch. I could see that was gross anyways, all right. Okay, let's wrap it up. This is the first episode of frenemies. I think we lived up to the expectation we've resolved, what a name I think it summarizes the relationship, though yeah. Well, that's not the name of the show. It's not friends. It's frenemies, okay, yeah! That's me and dan we're in front of me. That's why I can't believe he's here. Is he on camera are talking? Or can you hear him through this one? No, that's just h3 exclusively for you guys. You guys can keep man so anyway, that's for episode, one we'll be back next week. We film on monday and we post on tuesday. So this so we'll see you guys next tuesday uh we'll talk about something new well there'll, be a new topic for us to explore right, yeah, not about me anymore. This is not going to be you. I can't wait to look okay questions. You want to bring a topic yeah, but I feel like. We should also talk about topic topics: yeah yeah, yeah, podcast, like no. We could tell we should totally. I just we had to get this out of the way. Okay, because everybody was wondering what the hell is going on. Maybe we'll talk about tick, tock next time sure that's exciting tune in for that keemstar. We could talk about game star. Whatever you want love, you watch all my work. Should we shout it out promo dramaalert yeah? What up you want to give a shout out to dramaalert nothing but love yeah, we're all peace and positive yeah keemstar is the best all right. Thank you guys for watching hope. You enjoyed and we'll see you next week, all right.