-, hey poppy here, it's Papa, John and you're. Listening to the h3 podcast go Ethan, go Ayla, go Ayla, go even well, it's a dark day on the horizon, but we have Papa John here to assure us to make us feel safe, and we also have here with us the glamorous Trisha Paytas with the thousand dollar Gucci. Well I did say you were three XL back today. You forgot about that's fine I'll, take it we're making progress, and you guys also thought I had Corona your producer is Zack. We're like I, don't know if you should come today and you guys were all already here, so it was clearly just me. Well, no Ethan wasn't here yet. First of all we were debating if we should cancel, because it's so crazy. Well, yeah, there's been a lot of madness with Corona I'm I'm, like I, said I'm, more afraid of giving it to you and then killing your grandma. But you said your grandma's already dead, because the truth is it's really just old people who are gonna. People are calling it. The boomer remover Oh, like fed up by our government to kill old people, no I, think it's just a memes, because all the boomers are gonna perish. They will eventually I mean we all will mmm. That's how I feel it's true, oh by the way, today's episode is sponsored by hims not associated with the pandemic. Also I wanted to say that PewDiePie is scheduled to join us on what is today on Tuesday of next week. That's right via Skype yeah. He was. He was meant to be here today, but obviously he couldn't make it because of the he had some yeah the virus. You know so he had to reschedule until Tuesday you're a lying dog. So what if I would jail bite and say that about me, so the show must go on. As we were saying, we were thinking of canceling, but we had very much been looking forward to round two of The Bachelorette starring, Trisha, Paytas he's so excited, and that's why when I was gonna get canceled, I was gonna. Cancel you guys, I got to cancel today. I would have just never showed up ever again, really yeah personal. It wasn't. We really was no are freaking out, so I wasn't sure if it's not okay of us to even ask you to come right now, because people are quarantined, yeah, I, think everything just personal and I don't think about anyway. That's well! That's good! I'm! Glad we clear you up because I said you know what yeah these guys were nervous about. It and I said: let's call Tricia and see how she feels because I was I was actually considering you're voting to do the show yeah I was voting to not doing not because of you, that's how it is. Well there you go I'm gonna, I'm, glad that we cleared that let's just call and see how she feels about it. Can I keep this mug, absolutely I love my yellow and I post every day. That's our payment to you for participating in ourselves, but the show must go on I know. The news everywhere is covered with the happenings of the wiki day. The wicked hoax of the coronavirus, not a hoax, but we are here to entertain. The people must be entertained. Many people are quarantined. Schools, schools are being closed. All around the country, all school counties, closed, I thought it was only [, __ ] old people. No, but you did because that's how it spreads. You don't want people to get it. I mean there's it's not only old people, it could be someone with any other pre-existing conditions like could be young and have I don't problems, and then one of our employees that Teddy fresh-fruit vample has like type 1 diabetes and he's very at risk. So we're very concerned, but was so we sat, we sent all of our Teddy fresh employees home today. We are making sure just basically I just want to make sure that these three guys in back get infected, but everyone at Eddie fresh. We want to stay healthy. Has anyone actually died from Corona yeah dude, like tens of thousands shut up? I? Always I heard it was like a 300 or something someone said well globally, but the in China a lot of people died because there was a lot more cases right now, there's about a hundred thousand confirmed case or like 110 thousand worldwide, but now in the United States and in Europe it's it's and in the Middle East worldwide it's gone. It's that expedite she'll gross I. Just looked it up, it's just a little over 5,000 deaths worldwide. So that's gonna be once basically once we run out of hospital beds and then let's not talk about it. You've got this everywhere. Aids we're here too we're here to date and I, see so I see you you've dressed for the occasion. Tell me about what you're wearing yeah I just want to just like look a little classier. Last time, I was on the show. I looked a little bit like a cheap hooker. The Lighting's in you're, really bad and I also was really fat and I was like. You know what let me just not eat, so I stopped eating for a week after last episode and you guys look better in person too I was so weird I first met you guys was like they're so good-looking, but on camera you guys look crazy and I. Think it's the lighting. You just look older, like I literally thought you were 42, but in person you look 27 and st. you like. So that's I was 27 yeah. Thank you. So much I think it's the lighting, that's not doing anyone justice or something make. You look better. Look great! This podcast yeah I'm, looking at myself, I look like I'm people. Think I'm like a different ethnicity, which I'm totally fine with people, thinking that but I'm like that's how I look I look like Dan. What do you answer that? That's an electrician, the girl from Martin that tisha campbell-martin I mean that's fine but like that is not who I look like in real life and she's. Pretty and I will take it as a compliment, but and what are your fingernails today? Last time you had dollar bills in there it's still dollars. I'm gonna get them off next week. Okay, they match your dress and your dress. If you I, don't I mean I, don't want to be rude. I mostly come off this way, but it does remind me of a curtain. It's inspired. It's like a country singer, like Dolly Parton from the 60s meets like Sharon Tate, but that's what's cold I, don't want to like a hoochie has look. Let me be conservative, for my nip was actually out the whole episode. We're like no, you could see a little aerial areola, but the nip was peeking out just a little bit. It was, it was snoring. I can show you I can know you know. I, don't I mean okay, oh it's scarring, so they're your nipples. Now. Thank you very much. What was that Vin Diesel Oh Vin Diesel's a fan, I love, is he gonna be on today? Cuz I will die to see one of the contestants. Well, let's find out by the way. So today we continue the Bachelorette round two we have for you Tricia. We have 2324 video applicants for you to choose through today, and you should be happy to know. We had well over 200 applications is that right, then yeah yeah, even maybe even a little bit more than people were banging at the door. They wanted a piece of Trisha Paytas, so you should be very flattered. You're in high demand. I am actually I'm really surprised, like the same as like I wouldn't surprise, like anyone even did a video. Well, we've got a lot and I'm excited because I haven't seen these. These guys went through it. They made a shortlist first, all to review. I haven't even seen these so I'm. These are good. I haven't been insured. These are really good and are they ever gonna come in in person or no? Yes, of course, absolutely eventually they come in. So the next round. We are going to choose the ones that you like I'm, hoping that's around 10, but I'm, not gonna, be so strict, the ones you don't like we're, gonna eliminate viciously with prejudice. What's with prejudice mean just save just make them feel, like regret, even submitting a video but yeah. Well, not today, of course, not today you he'll be oh! Thank you. You look great. Oh my god. I know you have for I can notice right away how much I don't know I haven't been I, have no way I, don't like checking what I'm on a diet, but you are the first person to notice. Besides ILA's mom, you know I, you know, I really noticed you because you're wearing horizontal stripes, which normally would make someone look white or NAS like weight. You look thin and now it but you're wearing stripes. So you should look heavier. So that's I know you're real skinny, because, like no real know, you I can tell by your face your body. That's wise. Like today you look 27 yeah when people start losing weight, see with me, what am I fat miserable [, __, ] I'm miserable, but when I lose well, it's true. It's so true, like the big motivating factor for me to lose weight besides being wanting to be more attractive for take Eden want to touch me now. Is that I'm just kidding it's not that bad, but I know she does want to touch me. Is that no yeah come on you're more attractive to me, skinny I mean I want him to lose weight. Yes, I! Think my body grotesque. Do you, because, when I see myself naked I, look like I go ILA's, look in the mirror, the other day and I'm naked and I'm. Looking at my bad positions that make him look worse and I think now - it doesn't make you look great like if you said my stomach resting, but when you stand, you look very alike thin and nice and like a mask- and here you just like to look like I- don't be on purpose whatever it is I'm comfortable but I'm. Looking at my backside of the mirror, like not only just my ass and thighs, but my back everything sagging, you know: I look like the top of a cottage cheese container. My whole body, dude mine, -, my belly I eat a lot of cottage cheese got the 8% [ __ ]. That should know I. Try it like there's like a zero percent. Like anything that one's that one's a abomination, so in Israel we have a 9% cottage cheese and it's really like the same thing like no dude. It's like cream cheese, there's so much fat in it and I used to hate cottage cheese until I went to Israel and saw what the real deal is. So we found some boutique cottage cheese at Whole, Foods, so I, look at the most fat I can't find it's it's still, not that fat yeah. It's cute. We should be the final episode in Israel how about Motel 6 I mean down for that dude I'll make whatever, let's just guy I'm, just thinking. What's in the budget, every every Jewish China huh how about a cruise to China? Would you go on a cruise with the winner? They kill me, don't you no, but I mean it would be interesting to vlog a cruise for two: that's what we were thinking, the winter being anywhere. You want! Oh really, you can go, find a tenant twenty day cruise wait. We get a prize after all this absolutely we gotta send the two winners on our vacation. We actually yeah a 20-day cruise I'm serious I'm on for sincerity, go to what does that place called with the Penguins up north. What is that? Oh, that's in the South, honey, Antarctica's, south, well, I guess direction is relative, but I think considered north if you're in Antarctica the continent above us. Well, there's there isn't one Antarctica. Are you alive Arthur? Do you want me to show you a glove? Would you like to see a globe over there? Please actually I kind of know, I'm right on hundred. You know the globe is not helping. Let's look at a world map, I've been Antarctica well you're, just to see pictures of Antarctica. So here is the globe as we know it, and if you can spot an article, it's not that much work. So where is Antarctica here we are here's the United, States right, okay, but see it's it's round. Yes, it is round right right. It depends on how the globe is spinning, I, don't think so. I think direction. Well. I think the purpose of the compass is so that it's always relative, no matter where your position does on earth, not rotate it does, but but but you rotate in in relativity to Antarctica. So at one point once our access rotating, then the antyram has on the top, because we rotate where the ball gave me a bottom roll. So then I've got a basketball, so you're saying if if the world is upside down, but you know the world spins on its axis- that's right: okay, okay, you're, I, think you're, right, I! Think you're right Antarctica is in the north. You want to go to Antarctica I. Do I love the Penguins? Okay, we'll send you over the Penguins ice? Where are you well I? Don't think you can even go to Antarctica without, like a scientific expedition, passes I looked at it with oh there's, a cruise okay. Let's send you news for sure. Just you have to vlog. It awesome guys exclusive. Thank you for making me like relevant again. This is very exciting. I love you you're! So far, we've come I know it is true. You know I just had a fast day with a youtuber and I'm, like you know what maybe, in a year from now we'll be fun Anthony buddy I do like this whole hate video on it. Well, not hate video. He hated me and I went back anyway. What yeah? Why is it me so lucky and careful? Yes, What did he say about you talking about like how I think I have like multiple personalities and he's like? No, you don't [ __ ] you for claiming this like and I was like he's got. It he's the type of dude who gets offended for other people, yeah and also I, was like I'm just telling you how I feel like I do feel like I have like wealth, and everyone comes at me yelling so, as other is other personalities different genders. Yes, oh so that explains the the the gender dysmorphia. Some personalities are trans. Some are straight, that's true! Oh, that clears everything up. That makes it all so clear, I, don't know why people don't believe this people, love to tell me I, have all personalities and I say and they're like well. There you have it anyways, but Anthony. He said something annoying to me once where I was talking about Oh on your video, the one that I said Instagram reality. He made some really annoying comment about like do you really think it's appropriate? Oh yeah, he goes. Do you really think it's appropriate to talk about body shaming when you're claiming that someone looks like a beached whale I was like yes, bro, it's funny, because it's like you know what, like you, that's so funny cuz. He was kind of in a way like sighting on me with that one and then now for me, he just wants to come for everybody that, like popular he's, just the good guy he's like the good guy at all cost, which is like a sociopath like if you believe that then you're, the actual like narcissus Anthony, is a narcissistic sociopath. We've heard here folks I said it I call him on my Instagram I went off today. I was like oh I want to pull it up, what the drama, whatever just ship, it will get there. Trisha Paytas Instagram I want the beef we're here for the beach no I look crazy I was I was I was seeing red this morning. I was like so wait. I see a post of you, oh and your outfit. Today, yeah I was getting for you guys and though it looks good. You look good in that photo Thanks. You should I'd like to do it ugly, like I'd like to do my serious ones, ugly, so people know I'm being sincere, but wow. That's good lighting, good lighting I would look like that here. Yeah we're not gonna. Do that no I'll bring the camera and I will smooth your face on the camera yeah. If I get a face, can you do our lighting here? Let me read the come on. Let's talk about Anthony. If in defending myself makes me a crazy [, __ ], then so be it I'm. So sick and tired of people discounting me as a [, __, ] human. Being it's clear to anyone who has watch me I've suffered from mental illness, my entire life. Well, that's true! That's yeah! We can all agree that there's a reason. I can't hold friendship, relationships, Sara I'll be damned if I'm gonna. Let anyone who doesn't know me tell me how my brain functions and how my body feels. Would you say that me and you are one of the longest lasting relationships? You've had thousand percent yeah and you could ask anyone. I've had a relationship with like even Jason like I, have a switch where my personality is somewhat differing he's like I. Don't even recognize you when you I think it's a different but I know it happens. I mean it's good to get really close to me to see it. So that's why I was like [ __, ] Anthony Padilla for doing this, but yeah. So we have a. We have a perp. We have a good distance. Maybe I only see you like once a month, I, don't like this either I get really mad. I watch your eyes, podcast Muhammad house there. Oh no! You don't, though cuz you'd hate me too. So then what did it? Where do I? How do I see what I see sorry well was it where I went off like look at all my little tabs? Oh, how can I wash dishes story from my laptop? How what did he say? Where do I see it? It was just on his Instagram story. I think what it's [, __ ] Anthony Padilla, have to be logged in watch drama. Let's see someone's gonna have this the results. Oh, you can always like two minutes long here. Everybody wants to know happen on your Instagram story because you say I'm claiming to have a mental disorder and then I'm mocking the people with a similar mental disorder. As me, well, [, __ ], you, you dumb piece of [, __ ] I, am ashamed, embarrassed and scared. You are a mental health advocate and that people are coming on to your show to share their stories to have an open and safe discussion. When you just accuse me of claiming that I have in this article depression anxiety, are you sure [ __ ] me you're know what goes on inside my head, you're. Never in a relationship with me, you're not related me. Can you imagine being in a relationship with someone else and you're switching your different person like who was it? That was a different person, [ __, ] scary, that is you dumb piece of [ __ ] call me [ __, ] trash or carry my [ __ ] mental health struggles and not anyone else's. Not any of your stupid shitty people at you exploit o your void. If you're, a shitty person and I am so [ __ ] scared for anyone to go on your show. So you can make money and you can be like this white knight and all this [ __ ] like that, and then you just turn around while you go up, I was I was like such an advocate, I loved his show and I always said that to everyone. I mean I'm obsessed with Anthony, but yeah like that. Wasn't so crazy as I loved him and then for him to like you and I was like oh he's doing this stuff like awareness, and he is a little self-indulgent to be on I mean you can't reverse, but everyone kind it is, aren't they I guess. Maybe you guys are like humble though, because you guys are like you know your people, yeah I, just roll my eyes super anyway. It's like confidence, you know, I, would love to see what he said to you: I gotta, open it I'm, sorry, I'm! Not over this. Let's go to party I mean I, get you're angry. Maybe then maybe you can come and login here on. Look at everyone doing these videos about me like did. He was a girl. He just it on his story. So that's what I got to find now. I got to look for part two, but it saw him talking it's like it's akin typing. It wasn't like his face: I'm [, __ ]. He started beef and then he [, __, ], [, __, ], now, hmm and then he's like girlfriend did one of them watching my video and rolling their eyes. I was like [, __ ] dance got it good, trying to get some [ __ ] views myself, but it's true. That's what you said: I don't know the [ __ ] his name. Babe. He's scared of me. He'll! Never call me because I come like that's a thing. People are talking about me I'm talking about my own mental health, and then people are coming for me and I'm. Like don't talk about me like I'm, not talking about anyone else, I'm not coming for anyone like I hate that Anthony Padilla I mean even this photos a little like the confidence. So he said oh yeah claiming you have disassociative identity disorder is not a cool excuse to mock people in the community and call them crazy. Did you mocked anyone exactly I? Wasn't even in a video I'm like I'm, not just respecting anyone anything and then like? Did you see the next slide? He did look. Oh. How do I do that right? There you can watch my video to learn like he's, promote his own video right after I like watch mine that I did about this know. What before actually haven't they're talking about it I think he's just a little too sensitive he's just a little too much of a good guy. He means to [ __ ] [ __ ] up because seriously you're on the [ __ ] Internet. You dumb prick just cuz your channel is dying, and now you have to like exploit other people's stories to resurrect it. Would you get the ring with him like logan, paul vks? I like boxing, thank you [ __, ] him up above you're, sure I do that bolus air and [ __ ] yeah I would literally like yeah. That would be awful, alright! Oh, why do guys come for me? It's never! A girl, like you, like girls, never come from. It's always like these men and I'm like [, __ ]. You you little like [ __, ], [, __ ], like I hate that [ __ ], like you can't comfort like someone like your own level. Like he's not gonna, come for a chain toss, and you know what I mean like. Oh, he wouldn't ever happen. They come for me, cuz I'm, an easy target and I like no matter what, like, even like the nikah kado, think everyone was like on my ass, be like [, __, ], you and then once another girl did it they're, like oh, my god, Nick you're, so evil like here I'm, not following the ghosting thing right I owe ya, like everyone hated me forever and I got cancelled for it. Literally six months later, another girl named Stephanie see it was a huge drama. She said that, like she goes to Nick and then she was scared of him, which is what I said prior and I was like. Oh my god, Nick you're such a monster. Why would you force someone to hang out with you like? The exact same situation happened six months later, but because it's like it's like a [ __ ] girl in school. If she gets raped, it's like oh she's, a [, __ ], but I'd like the good girl in school, gets raped. It's like, oh, my god. Like did you. Could you believe what happened to her like I hate that [ __ ] I hate it and that's me forever, because I'm like crazy, well standard people I see what you're saying yes, always gonna, be the crazy one and I'll. Never they won't in short, before we move on, because if we should get to the we should get to the dating, but I will say that their shots fired at Anthony Padilla and he should show his face and not be a coward. Yes, I called him his girlfriend a coward I mean you're gonna admin to me. You're gonna roll, you don't at me. At least you came you came for me. You know you kept like putting my name in the title. Oh yeah, let's go and now look at us. I know how are you watching before the 90 days? That's big, because I love be good. Well, he's he's a he's, a star, his stars, rising as they say, I heard. You said that his PR person was like very strict about him. His handler was crazy. I love that episode, I love, I love they get i90 fiance is not realized. So I want to ask you before we're gonna, hit a break in eight minutes and then we'll do the dating, but ice know that you quit YouTube recently. Since then you made nine videos. Are you quitting YouTube I counted I'm, not making YouTube a priority is what I never titled. My video I'm quitting YouTube. Everyone picked up on that I. Just had it's no longer a priority like it's, not something I'm gonna like really focus on, but ever since I did that now. I can't stop making videos. Cuz I have a lot to say, but it's not a priority. I make no money on it. No I'm on only fans. Only do you you announce that. Do you think the coronavirus will be good for your only fans career because think about all these guys, everyone's at home, you can't you can't go meet people everyone's at home, just jerking off yeah dishes at her house squirting all over her bed. Yeah I might be like a little piece but I feel like people love it like. You do yeah. They love that. How many, how many fans followers do you have subscribers Oh, 12,000, Wow, 12,000 and me, and what do they pay you per month? What's the membership in it like didn't, we see just recently was like twelve bucks a month or something. Oh, you said it. It's like twelve. Originally it's twenty dollars, but I do like discounts like I'll do like promotions for seven days. You can get it for like. So what is so, but it's 20 usually mm-hmm, but we don't make money with. Oh, let me do the quick math. That's 120 km, um! No! But no, but then you you send a video and private messages. It's even more for the tip so you're making more than a hundred money. Did they take from you yeah. You are Wow really but flat. There it'll happen, yeah I, guess the same as like streamers on Twitch. So that sounds about right. Yeah I mean it's everything. I did my first girl girl on there. I saw that in your announcement video. How excited so. You did your first girl girl. How was that girls, but obviously not on camera? So I was like holla nervous I. Never really did like a porn thing. I was like it's masturbation. It's fine I, never did something with someone else, so I have one more grogger and then I'm done I'm address court on each other. That's to come house AK says you did it with Alina the plug I'm aware of her yeah, we're friends so, but I have one next week, what's like a three-way with me, her in another, like pornstar blood, female yeah, how do three females have sex? Do you scissor [, __ ], each other yeah? You can roll just like you just think about it. Like a regular thing like a regular scissor circle, who's gonna, be the third one. I can say yeah, but it'll yeah. Well, that's very exciting. By the way. Congratulations to you, I mean I. Yeah I mean dude. Listen before the show started. You said you started your career, doing $5, [, __, ] and now look at you making, probably $200,000 a month on only fans I mean that is amazed. That is a true success story, your natural-born, hustler and I, and you know goddamn it I respect the hustle I know you guys were watching sponge videos. I was like sponge. Video I was okay. You gained publicity to my competition. Honeybee ASMR you're like uma, hurt, sponges, look good, it's true, but it's true you're sponges did not look anywhere close as good as her sponges were so. She has like the Gucci level spine, Brandis, [, __, ] know what what is going on with no talkie Trisha ASMR. What is happening? I, don't know. What's the inspiration as you? What's your favorite one here, oh my God, look at that thumbnail. Is that your time now that you broke no I make no money but I love it it's so much fun. Can you tell me what's inspiration for crunching a head of lettuce, I know I know it's I was so proud of myself close up so now, I do makeup and [ __ ] I was kinda like whatever okay, you always highlight me. Looking the grossest wait. Why are you eating a candle who's that for probably how many number one youtuber ever right now david dobrik, he gets more views than david. Why? What does he do he just eats and doesn't talk? No really that maybe he does. He gets like 250 million. We had a falling out. I was so in love with him, but we have a low volume. You guys ate candles together and then you fell out yeah. What does that traitors have paid us cuz? We don't like type wait. How did he? How did he um? How did you guys fall out? Yeah, the nikah kado thing and then I was like on drugs. So I was like the ring woman I ever saw each other on the bottle he posed on drugs, anymore, I was and when there's the poly I happened like December, a lot of you post quite frequently, - Arnie type, exact, Reuters penis could be had a really good one. I'm really proud of this. Alright I promise you, you won't be disappointed of this ASMR. This is like so good. We've done a bunch. Oh yeah there, oh god, these are so good. They like turns because a freak look at that wait. 18 million 12 million I gotta watch this one dude. You guys are this guy's a freak bro, so thin, I know what the hell is that what's wrong with it was so much cheese. What does he do this guy, just something [ __ ] up this guy's twisted right, be on it. People always have a small stomachs and small bodies. You know, oh my god, it's cheese, it likes cheese and potato he's, so smart and I like no. No, no tell me really this guy's [ __ ] up. Oh no. This guy's twists you kind of looks like a cheetah serial killer, rape that guy it does like. He probably takes laxatives or something oh yeah. I'm sure are people attracted to him that why he's so popular like that girl, you said she was thin and pretty in comparison to me. I write after me, like this girl's, been an attractive and eating sponges. I was like okay, so the primary audiences be. No. It wasn't even about that joy I mean I, would take it personally. Exactly I was so not I have issues? Can we talk about this house? Can we talk about is actually he and talk? He won't talk Allah, he won't do podcast, he won't talk. What is wrong? I don't know, and so is the people who watch this females who want to be eating and are attracted to him. I. Think females is anyone. Masturbating to this me swear god, I was so in love with or no no I was I used to. Where I was. He came to my Christmas party. We did like collabs. Does he know that you would masturbate to him I think so he straight actual yeah. Does he [ __ ] with food I? Don't think he does know what I met him. He had a girlfriend, then he blew up and got really rich and like the girlfriends gone now, and he just like dates a bunch of hos. Oh my god, this guy he's got skeletons in the closet. Yeah for sure my dream has come true. This was the happiest day of my life, he's deliberately putting the most talk of people in the videos making him sit there. Let's get him off the screen, all right well. Well, so it's break time. We will go to a quick break and when we come back, it is finally time to start the Bachelorette [Applause]. We are back. We have alleviated our bladders Gila has emptied her :, no I'm just kidding I just thought, it'd be funny the image of ela taking a pill, don't exactly. There was weird tension between you. Two when I walked in today and I feel like you guys, should talk about that more on the podcast cuz. You guys seem perfect on the podcast and I wanna apologize to hila and I was like oh there's mention here yeah, you want to tell them what I did well. Okay, yeah now I, don't remember so we didn't say anything on the podcast, no yeah I. Don't remember um! That shirt is really cute. Well, I'm, not just saying bad timing when I'm about to say why I was upset at you go ahead. Well, we had discussed last night that we would tell our employees to work from home next week, starting Monday, so today try me trying to get more work done because I know we have. The podcast I was like: okay I'll go early before the podcast to get some stuff done before cuz Ethan he's always late to the podcast, and then it takes forever. So we I come in and I walk into the office and I know. I was supposed to meet some people and they're, like oh you're, here Ethan said we're all evacuating and we packed our stuff and I was like. Well, it didn't tell me his wife who lives with him, did not tell me that we're kind of lying so I was upset yes and rightfully so now tokes. Now let me explain my side. So I don't look like a total psycho right well, so a lot had come out in that morning, when I was watching the news that they canceled all the schools in LA and our managers were kind of like yesterday. There they were of the opinion when we were all talking with. Our managers were like: oh it's not that big of a deal one of our got one of our dudes who's Cuban. He goes trust me. I grew up in Cuba and I've seen it so bad that people used to melt condoms on meat like it was cheese and eat it. Well, as I will Wow. He said that to me what why, but regardless so, but then this morning, when I, when it's like everything's closing the schools are closing and and then also I found out the two employees you didn't know this, but we had two employees who called in sick well, Keesha you knew about, but ADA called in sick I shouldn't say their names. Let who cares whatever and I was like [ __ ], that to people calling in sick with symptoms. I said: okay, everybody out, but I was talking in our manager, chat and so I thought I just assumed even either was driving to work. I assume she saw it. Obviously you were driving you eye, but it's only a 20-minute drive so thought. Maybe you were there. I wasn't thinking I, definitely [ __ ]. Up though I should have called and consulted, you first saw me first yeah before I liked that collateral and really yeah absolutely no ideas but I'm with you. 100% called and consulted you first so yeah. This is real. I yeah I mean I, don't talk about that? He was like groveling towards you and I was like well. He should do that on the podcast like say, I'm, so sorry you're, a team, you might Jesus his mother too. I just realized that you can play Marian like the scene you're. So pretty anyways was married, pretty Mary was gorge. Was it I'm? Your expect me to believe she was virgin. Mark Burnett wife played her in the Jesus movie. I forget her name, she's famous she's, beautiful, but I did I did I did mess up and I knew when I came in that I. That I was wrong. I got a buyer like a ring with a diamond or something no. Well, it's her with her money. Why would she want me to spend more money? Wait you're you're richer than him. No, we share. We have any money, you know what I mean like what am I gonna go, buy her an expensive, yeah, obviously married for 10 years. We're actually forced to share bank account from our first moment like dating technically Wow yeah, not legal, yeah, I, don't know no sign of Taurus, not even the cameras. Oh, but you're like okay, let's get married, so you stay here. No, no, that was enough. I got married in Israel, happens, I'll feel like in love with someone you're like. Oh, that makes sense. We should get married. It like stay here yeah, but that's not what happened. I just came here to live with him for, like six months until I had to leave the tourists yeah. But while we were here, we basically hadn't like we didn't have like the normal dating stage. We just went straight into living together. Sharing bank account, you couldn't open a big thing: oh I guess: yeah I was like just give me your money, oh, but you had money. I just brought everything I had, which wasn't a lot [ __ ]. That was everything that I had. Oh I think you had like 1500 bucks and I had like 1500 bucks without we're balling hard was through nothing, but then we all want, and then we were paying rent and rant and rant and then we're like I was like. Oh, you have to go, you're gonna have to leave. We can't pay rent married, no, no I went I, moved to Israel, I lived there for five years and we got married there we were set, but anyway, this is about you Trish. You guys are very 90-day, fiance and I'm like. Why are there no Israeli people on that? If it wasn't really 90-day fiance, because I moved to Israel for five years we were very established and comfortable. There I had a good job, Eva was in school, crushing it and then, and then, once you finish school and after we got married after living there for five years, we applied for a green card to bring her over okay and we waited yes, that's so cool, because it's really men always trying, like you know, get me to marry them. That happened like a long time ago, when I lived at the Grand Sherman Oaks, there's a ton of Israeli guy right. That's what I'm saying so I don't want that kind of noise, really guys, no you're, not gonna. Let's, let's here we got a Jewish, not a Jewish, not that's what we'd like to be called okay, so here we go the winners. This is what I'm thinking the winners that we'd select here today well in the next round, call in via Skype for a one-on-one speed date with three minutes to seduce you seduce yeah, all right man. You know to woo you too, to make you like them and so from them. We will continue to narrow it down. The winner will be going on a cruise to Antarctica dan look up, crews, say Hardin. Is that a real thing huh, you know what she wasn't lying there. How much is it? How much is it well right now, all cruises are like nothing. Um I just buy the tickets already now's a good time to shop. No, but how much is it look ten night cruise to enter? Tell me how much this one is: nine grand per person or for both per person I'm not paying up $20,000 what am I I, don't sponsor it's a 16 night cruise to Antarctica, leaving from San Antonio Texas and it's 2700 dollars per person. That's what's up I'm, saying you guys to Texas. I was just in San Antonio, it's disgusting! Well, you know I would never fly into that Airport! Okay, no I need! Why is that one so much cheaper? The prices are fluctuating yeah. What is $20,000 one, because it's a first-class I am NOT going in a place with no window. I am NOT going on a cruise, oh you're, gonna be in a little no I'm, not I need to wait. We need some kind of sponsor to pay for Ash. 10 fresh is not sponsoring the show yeah. They always do. You're always expensive. Exactly someone else's money to pay for it. Well we're only Teddy fresh on the cruise I'll do my own. Will you squirt and the color-block hoodie not publicly traded at? Unfortunately yeah it looks like it. It all fluctuates between, like five grand and about $20,000. Is that dude? Do you want to spend twenty forty thousand dollars on that's 40s or 20k for the good one? Do we know that that's a good one or not, because we're gonna sit well settle online? How about that all right? We better milk! This for all it's worth! I, do swipe up I. Do everything well, how they gonna charge me nine thousand dollars for a cruise during a HEPA delivering a [ __ ] pandemic. Maybe Corona can't survive in the cold of Antarctica. Actually, actually it's the heat that kills. It I think it flourishes in the cold. Well frozen. You freeze, lice I. Think lice is a little different like I. Don't have lice, not currently I'm, basically bald zone. You are bald yeah I have like not a lot of hair. What is what are you doing? Right now is just a wig extension. This is my real hair, but, like it's very short, it's really sure it's like I'll brush orders, you're, broken and brittle the bleach and I. Tease it a lot: mm-hmm I'll fake, it's all fake yep, usually like normal, like shampoo and everything yeah. It's just like. Just wait, her sweat, her wig or or that is it's not a way to 6 inches. Do you wash your extensions yeah? Of course you know I'm, not nasty I, don't know basically like real hair. How frequently do you change, or what do you need to do about it well, I think about at night they're clips, so you like clip them in, depending on your style, so I clipped in I like long lines that long ones on yesterday you were with a guy and he's like whoa. No can think guys are like used to it now and if they are then I'm like. Oh you have it with a lot of girls. Cuz I ever girl holiday is like some sort of extensions and I've never been with it. I have never been with a girl with extensions, so I think it would shock me I, don't know it was less say yeah, it's been a while yeah I'm just good. Were you with people before Allah, like girls, yeah, really yeah, you think I'm a virgin I before his love story as like a leave, Riley never had sex before she was like. So excited about this, like military girl, no I've had sex before EULA. Yes, that was out. Are you press wait like 19 -, so it wasn't like that far-fetched right, weren't, you really young. No, it was 20. Let's get to the like. I was bad insecure, like that's true I'm, so [, __, ], okay! Well, don't [, __, ] I! Wasn't always fat, you're, skinny I used to I used to be a your assumption is not far from the truth. I'm, not bad I'm, not offended I mean, but I did I. Have no other people before me so mad. But you are your actual process. Right I mean were yeah so but where's the logic with what being angry at dudes who slept with people before. Oh, it's just being like a hypocrite okay, but you were who's your ideal man virgin virgin, not ideal yeah, no I, probably, but it's hard to find all right. Let's go we'll find out in the next round of diversion. Okay, this comes from Jason Grimes. He sent the video. With this note he said. Thank you for the opportunity. I appreciate your visit. Jason Mase Mason grind, so here we go Mason's. Where do I look here, Oh, nine minutes. What's your first take on his looks, go ahead, yo turn it up a little bit. It's quiet, not my like typical, tight but hey. My name is Mason 30 years old, my birthday is November 14th 1989. Officially I can be a Scorpio, take it or leave it. Oh they're gonna leave it you're, leaving this man openly or this won't be a yeah. We're not you idiot, you better, be a whole, totally honest and Oprah you're not going to n artists. I, don't I mean, though so I'm not gonna, be mean I'm. Just gonna say like it. I am like nobody's, have everything's I'm disgusting, so I'm not saying like I'm a hot prize. This is just probably we're not compatible for a number of reasons. Yes, Batman Batman there's a lot of Batman I. Don't do it. I can't do comic and he's got like some kind of oh, but that's so nice and I like should we watch more? Thank you, but let me see if he does like a mukbang or something yeah. He does. Oh, he does what's he eating pizza, pepperoni and typically it's where, when I have more than four digits in my bank account Oh broke they'll love that interested now Caesars do by the way yeah I can't and the Batman really throws me off. Oh Mason. We appreciate the application, but he said take it or leave it and we leave all right. Well, don't worry! We got plenty more. This one comes from Nikko Sani. He says, hey guys, sorry, this is late. Well, that's doesn't matter to me now hope you still consider my best bread, whoa he's wait, wait, whoa, whoa, okay, sending it for a friend. He worked super hard on this entry. What is your? What what why are you sending this for your friend Fred, no I, think what does he not know how to use the internet. I mean I, find that so weird, okay Fred. So what's on this table, because I got really ghetto, looking burger one slice of bread, anything about lighting, not good they're, like muscle tanks, I hate guys gonna thank Tom all right. Well, let's do it wait, but I have to say I'm getting red flags from not back, then why was submitted by his friend I find that so disturbing. Okay anyway, here we go Chris Fred submitted by Nico I'm here on my kitchen floor and today, I'll be a sourdough baguette, some chicken sliders, some burritos I got some right here and some cheese dip. Whoa, that's what's up right where I know. Oh wait, wait what the [ __ ] was that hold on all right. Let's just watch, oh I make some pretty mean cocktails. Yeah, okay, okay, I'm getting so turned on now. I was all about wow I love the way to eat yet vegan neck done over canceled. No, but there's so much fake food. No, it went yeah. Well, not good. In he's, going in with his hand, wait. Is he really a vegan cuz? He says it's cheese did I, have a point, I think he's pulling the multiple-personality you like a guy who's, fair I'm working out I, do like the guys fit? No, oh! Really! Oh, he had ranch ranch, isn't vegan. The fried thing was I. Think a white did I, get roll all the same guy yes, he's like charlie, that's cute. We all got got. We love that love. He did that it's very high level went over my head, no smarter than you look. Yeah he's rolling and I like it. So we like his real name, is Nico Nico or Fred. Well, we don't know when I watched her mukbangs after first interview on h3 I knew I was hooked. He found me through you guys, put some working yeah kind of hot too now I'm, like all got it. Okay looks like we have our first finalist all right. So so, let's wait and see. We have to go through what we have a process. We almost passed on him, usually I. Consider myself straight all right, so Fred, again I'm just gonna race, the rejects I'm, putting in notes -, yeah, Wow. Okay, we got a finalist, we have someone, you could use him to have been smitten by by Fred, slash, Nico I'm, not gonna lie some people have split into my teams and showed me their video they sent to you guys. Oh that's how they just broke okay! Well, as long as you're. Up be honest, if you see one that you've already said you have to know, he wasn't one of them, but okay -. So the next one we have is from Miguel aka meet Mickey, it's his nickname, but your kids, but but horror, kids sounds Mexican. I mean it looks Mexican, but I'm not saying it. Miguel I mean you know any Miguel's that aren't Mexico I have a friend that has that same last, name he's from Salvador yeah, American, okay, no disp animals I'm down for that I feel like they're, like they said, they're good at sex. Is that not Hispanic? Wait? Who? Oh, my god, well Dan correct us. We said he's Hispanic, but he said no, that South America! No, you said South America Salvador is in Central America. Yes, what continent is a part of North, that's North America, but and then where's that in relation to Antarctica, okay, so Miguel and here's my video submission I tried to make it as cringy and awkward as I could at the same time, however, to what you do what you need for me, but I don't mind getting roasted. Please do roast me. I hope you guys, like my video and I hope, I make it to the finalists I forgot to mention I'm from Arizona I didn't know if that was necessary. Ps I'm, a big fan, isn't that funny how your fans like want you to like rip them apart, like you're known as just being an [ __ ], no I, please be mean to me. Well, so he I mean I, don't know! If that's another time, I mean. Why is it so many views? Dawg 500 views, that's good! Maybe if you are looking to see if anyone's trying to date me. Okay, let's see what you got. Nikki's video submission I said it's excited. Is her submission for the best results, Peter smell a bright 20 watch? Oh, and this is my submission for the best heart ab right here- 20 wings with me, first leg traction right away: that's I, like oh, my Buffalo, medium and five blazing. Let's dig in right: let's get it started here. We go well, you know what Tricia? Maybe you don't really even like how I look right now? Let me go change real quick I'll. Take these with me I'm, so horny right now, oh no I was working. Oh, what a legend! Let's take it wait way to get it. Hey I'm impressed that these people are good. Now, let's do a game. Wow we're mucking with him. Here, that's the big deck right there. Oh, you really are horny right, yeah. So turn on I was before, but now I'm like what the custom ideas look good, I'm a bit I'm a fan needs to be so I'll just do some cuts in between. Do you thing buddy, because I think he's already a yes, but let's see wait hold on let's catch this reference, why or maybe three times a week, I love me: do you love wings I? Do you like all this someone's recording, there's someone else there, just how good I am I'm, just saying don't get too excited truth. So what till you get home like? Where are you okay he's in no, you can't communicate with them that you ruined it today. His tie ends up in the ranch, yeah good 8:00. Tomorrow, all right I mean Wow. Okay, that's an only fans in ranch, cuz, you're mad and just like a ranch down the [ __ ] yeah, huge I could hook up with all these people after the show is over. You can but sure I mean well you're supposed to marry the winner. All your fans, I just want to be on your show. I feel like none of these guys actually would be interested. No I think they are interested I think they are. Okay, I went through a lot of effort; no, they are interested, and anyway they have three minutes you can they want to be with me. Are you guys exactly yeah I mean you could say the same about the real bachelor show. You know they just want to be there to be famous I. Don't like, though, I can tell okay, but some couples made it and they have kids right, Ian, yeah, yeah they're still in there in the relationship. Ian is the one, the main one with the hair, the one that you like made fun of the other day. Oh the one that everyone's angry that I yeah, that's Ian, the salary to that guys, one with the male yes main guy is one! That's why I didn't like yeah yeah Ian is the one it's the one in the corner and he's one I was on The, Bachelor, yeah and he's in love. Oh I thought it was a main guy, yeah yeah I asked. Are you and love I mean I? Think yeah I am yeah. He is yeah alright, but the season got ruined because they started talking into the DMS and then she refused to come on the show. Okay, that got him well yeah, exactly that's good! That mean she liked him for him. I didn't want to be here so right. No, actually she wanted to come on the ship. No, no I have to correct the record. She was down to come on. The show but Ian didn't want her on the show. That's what happened you can ask her cuz she's coming tonight. Well, she'll lie to me. No I shouldn't say that no she's coming to visit. She because he's not farmers coming to town visit where, though, what in the California okay but you're like she's, no we're not doing it, we're not there's no plan. No, we talked about doing a company, but the virus is not nobody's. Coming to our house, like am I not invited to this party. No there's no there's no party. She, and can you explain because there's no there's no plan. Okay! Well, he said she's somebody's, not you like. What did you mean by that? What did you hear for nine days? So if you come in contact with her you can she she? She should join us for an episode. Let's see the next application, that's on a show. You owe it to them. Thank you. Thank you. You guys can literally you could maybe come to the wedding I would I would expect to officiate it. Alright, let's move on, we have so many applications. We already have two yeses, so let's go: let's go ace: Jack, C white hi, my name is Jack C and I. Am your wildcard I'm, true I'm, a fully transition trans girl? So when I heard that Trisha was into t girls, I figured I had to take my chance well I'm open about it. I wish to be fully recognized as a female you're, not fully you're, either transitioned or not, but so, if she's fully transitioned, she means that she has female genitalia. Okay, all right, well, Jack, see which oh you're, not into that. You want the penis, but isn't a t-girl shitty girl is someone with the penis. Yes, girls usually like some either. If they did it before this is every they have the dick, and if they don't you, girls are T girls. No, this is that's wow. This is why I love to you, girls, cuz they go ultra feminine I, have to first give it up to tricks or Jack C, one minute. That's what I'm talking into girls typically but here's the thing I couldn't even wait to eat this corndog for the video I got this just for this video. Is that really in France, oh yeah yeah, it's not crazy. They're, like so voice is like so natural. Well, they get voice like feminization, surgery and stuff, like that, I mean I've, never I, don't think I've ever heard of a trans person with the voice that sounded so genuine. You know yeah I, love them do not trying to be offensive on there's. No, it's amazing! That's why I love t girls I, don't date like regular, like Jackson. Okay, here we go eat it before I started filming, so yeah I would love to be the wild card. I've been watching ship ship for a long time and I'm such a huge fan. I am bisexual as well, actually I guess, I'm pansexual, so I, meaning everybody and everything. I think that she is like an amazing person deep down, even though maybe misjudged by a lot of people I totally like I love girls, but I'm, the one with the blue hair. So my name is Jack. Cy I will give you my Instagram as well, and oh yes, actually so it's hard to say a lot because he realized. He also wanted seeing me a little, but I would like he's so much. She gave me the chance, even though I'm not a guy, even though I'm a girl, he doesn't have a dick, which is a big right like so ridiculous. Well, thank you hold on hold on, let's be discerning here because there's a lot of people. Could you see yourself marrying a girl that doesn't have a penis? That's the hardest part, because just be honest here, because we have to call the hurt. Oh well, yeah I mean I, don't I don't see myself marrying. So we have to say goodbye to I mean right what a good only fans like if she was eating me out with like a smurf like a smurf. Only fans like fetish thing: okay! Well, you can reach out to her first, but as far as right, I got you, but it's done not ashamed. Then, if they're gonna talk, you can't I restrict you from talking to her we're trying to find love. You know you can't settle down without a penis. We all know that right, yeah, you're, right, yeah, okay, so apologies to Jack C white, that we appreciate the submission. We appreciate the brevity of the submission, yeah I would be long ones. I want to watch long ones, eventually, Kyle Watson says this is my audition to date. Trisha I want the Trish in all-caps. He said so: Kyle Watson Oh a shirtless young man. Now my initial Wow I think this guy's young I'm here Peters bro. You literally got a McNugget. He literally got a McNugget meal. Mukbang I just did that yesterday, I did a McNugget meal yeah, but he just got like the straight up like numbered one or whatever so number seven I just got another stuff honestly and he ate all the fries already he's loki high, but also sounds kind of dumb he's like hey h3h. Thank you with that. This guy, I'm not sure, is looking for love. If I'm being all right. That's my first okay I see yeah. Well, let's watch, why is he so Jack never sounds high uh-huh? How old is he he looks? Like eight I mean he looks young yeah, I'm scared, my name is Reno. I'm, 23 and I know tricked us that you only wanted older he's so hot, but I really think we can make it work and here's why I have had chlamydia three times it didn't render me Owen, wait he's that clean I can still give Trisha codes. I. Think I could become a family man for Trish. What do you think about a man who so wax his chest? Some people have employment, no hairs that keeps true. Oh wait, hey wait! He's gay wait! What women? Oh he's, flaming gay! He said some people think he's flaming, but I think he's saying he's gay I hope that keeps true he's saying: I hope that Colonel I think he actually I am getting the gay vibe a little bit. Hey I, don't know if I can do another game in love them don't know if I should marry one she's, just like the perfect girl in that store. You know see: that's false careers you're, not the perfect girl. Next door, I am like so sweet I am so, but that's not what the girl next door like wholesome and cue and like wholesome, come on this guy's gay all right! Well! Well, he said he was gay right. So I, okay, oh that's what he said and we're not just assuming no he's gay I could tell my gaydar is going off. No, it's bouncing around well, he said he's gay, but then I was like. Oh I, totally see it he's so cute he'll. He left what is happening: honey on the nug. You really just bring me on What. Did he say I should bring him on cuz. What you're after admit, you have to admit. I mean Trisha, do have a lying problem. What what am I honest ly? This is a pretty low effort to make there after watching it he's not serious Kyle Watson is not serious. Dan remove him to the graveyard. Next is from Jonathan Abe Ibrahim I. Think that is probably an Arabic name. Welcome in jump, but Jonathan is not an Arabic name. Unless he's American Arab Ishmael is thank you Jonathan Abraham says here's my entrance, video I believe I will win. Wow I really get into it in the second half, we'll make sure to watch for that. What's up Dan my name's John six-foot 500 250 pounds yeah, that's huge! It's like I think probably like uh. Okay, because you, oh my god, all that meat I've been one. Isn't that how you do it? That scares me? Yes, I've, nosey! Someone do that! Okay! Well, are you turned on when you saw that yeah I, don't like his lighting, I'm 100% Egyptian? Oh, where is that I think it's right next day, it's south of in the Middle East, it's in hay right next to Israel! Oh I, never thought it was a made-up place. Let me pause. Patra, wait Egypt, as in the fairy tale, and it's like Atlantis and and Cleopatra. It's a Disney story. No, no doesn't see that. To me is that real I thought those were like the seventh one, seven wonders or something that's like doesn't exist or it does exist. Oh wait: Stonehenge, don't henge an England, but that doesn't exist right. This is a real thing. This is Egypt Wow, actually real place. Yeah wow, there's like Pharaohs and stuff over there, yep really Oh yeah, there's still a lot of Jews in prison, they're building they build these pyramids. Here's the city of Egypt Weezy! These are the pyramids ancient pyramids. This is the desert. That's like a you know, a National, Historic Site, and then this is the city of Egypt. Wow I mean not the city of the Cairo. Ah, there's something like they don't know how they build the pyramids right. Is that the thing like it's a mystery they've figured it out the slaves yeah, just like just human life. Really this is a real photo Wow. So there you go yes to the Egyptian. Just straight I mean yeah. Just from these I mean if his people can do that, no, the Jews did that's Jewish later, but just for the record know that you display it. The Jewish slaves built the pyramids. I don't want them to get any credit for that. The difference with the Jewish slaves, the Jewish slaves built the pair. You want them to have the credit. One yeah don't give the credit to the Egyptians okay, but it was their vision to be fair. Yes, Egyptians are cool, though I love, the Egyptians yeah. Isn't that guy who played Rami Malek is Egyptian and I'm obsessed with him, so I will take it. Is he I thought you thought it was a fiction fictitious place? I didn't know, Egypt existed, I thought some people were real. You know how there's like people how's that possible, like Jewish people, there's no Julian. Do you know what I mean there is real okay right. So what I'm saying is I knew there was Egyptian I didn't know they were from Egypt: okay, not they're, like chips like Abu Dhabi or you know, wherever we're gypsies from Oh hyung green right, they are right. I have cousins, other gypsies. What was the other? You said something else that caught my attention anyway, interesting a little bit was fake. Id literally did cuz it's in the Bible like Joe 17, Technicolor Dreamcoat. He went to pharaoh remember what the seven years of corn atlantis by the way that's Baker real, because that's in the Bahamas. No, that place is real. That's that that's east of Israel in the Mediterranean Atlantis the city is an underwater. No, it is a fictional looks like it's underwater. No, it's a fictional, but there isn't a leonis in the Bahamas. There is yes right! I like him just because of the pyramids, oh yeah, any other nice watch. You look like he's gonna high rise. Can you tell it's like so dark a little dark Nate? That's a Rolex amore! When you stand up commitment, Oh how'd, you spot that huge watch guy. So how much that watch con Jack! Can you go to the? Is he single? Are you married? No girlfriend so sure so? Wait you! You need a better shot of the watch. Sap yeah I can tell you exactly. Okay, relax anyone right there, all right! That's a later! That's an early model, Submariner Yeah right there cause um. You could probably get those for 9 10 grand, oh okay, it's not a presidential, not mega! No, no! No flex! No! It's a nice watch, ten thousand for watches amazing I want to be a stand-up comedian. Now, so Oh he's not very funny a very funny wait. Do you know this? Guy wants to be a stand-up comedian. He's got the opportunity to be seen by a bunch of people he's sitting in the dark eating wings like bro he's got a hostile, I did say, sit in the I, didn't I say, sit in the dark and speak plainly as possible. What we've we've had so much fun watching. This is like the saddest new playing of all time. What's he said? Oh, he wants to. He says no pretty yeah. Oh, oh he's rich I think he wants your money. I! Don't like that attitude, though I'm down to share my money. You should be down to share yours. I! Do real estate sales? Oh that's the one most unfunny thing to me: Realtors, like mega instant turnoff yeah early in the video used to got real. Do you have? Why does he have money? He's a realtor IG wagons like $170,000 car? They make a lot of money, I'm detailing this guy. I'm! Sorry, I forbid! You know I'm putting the presidential stamp on this one, but we did learn that Egypt is a real country that was excited. Cairo is the Capitol's I. Don't want people to think I'm, a dumbass flexing my knowledge. No really we almost went once and then a war broke out. It's awesome! Well, she was in the military. She could protect, you yeah she could with gun. Moving on. We have a so we have two finalists right. Only two yeah, that's perfect. We know we have a lot more dude, Oh Mike I mean this is gonna, be we're. Gonna have to do another episode or we just pick up the pace because we're spending with 28 how can I, not because she wanted to say yes to that guy, but that goes a big. No, that's we have to put in the time we're gonna have to do part. Two you're gonna have to come back on Tuesday I think it could be Friday. Oh, we got a bump in crasher, he's married I, don't know him anyways I! Only like machine, you don't know, I think she is relatively famous. I got black or something Jack. Black is mega famous yeah I'll. Take him Jack what offer Chris? Oh, no anyways interested good I'm, not interested. Let's just keep going and that's how you're gonna bump me for okay here we go Arden elite head says a very serious application for the very serious Bachelorette Trish love, a godless love, a godless, Oh love, a godless, t-girl. Sorry I misread that Satya girl, godless, though I mean I, think she's, yeah, I, think she's just being funny. Did they mean to say goddess? No, it says, love a godless t girl. So she saying she's godless. Yes, but I. Think that should oh wait! No wait! Do you know who this is? No didn't. You say this person's like somewhat uh, no okay. By the way, this video with four views was age restricted. What is going on in the city upside down cross and that's I hate that? Why is this age restricted? Is me, oh by the uploader? Okay, okay made me nervous, maybe she's making a joke that she's just like dude. He rides it sorry I'm! Sorry, she rides a dragon dildo, that's crazy! Don't that is you must a dragon dildo? No, actually I. Don't you don't you've, never seen what looks like a dragon call, Rick and Hugh. Well, I can't show you. We can't look on your. Let's show her on your just like it's called a show it on the screen. If you want, we just won't cut through it. So yeah. Let me stage. No I'll show you on the screen dragon dildo like a big one: oh yeah, bad dragon. It's called right! So it's like this dragon. Oh my god. It's like that! What I can't? Oh, no I'm like this whole thing. She makes me uncomfortable because she says she rides a bad dragon. I'm gonna mix it right away because I think it's blasphemous. Where are none the upside-down cross like on it? But let's watch a little more because I like my giant dragon dildo. Thank you that kills and in the meantime, I listening, h3 podcasters have paid it he's pretty where she decided she was going to accept video submissions for her next relationship and I thought I have to go. Lord Baphomet is calling me Oh. Another Antichrist I think before we just burn in hell like I, feel like that's. Where we're going. Can we get rid of this like illogical manipulation? You may be inclined to put me through well. It sounds like a big enough for Tricia's we're not where she is you care about something. We love Jesus, I, love, Jesus, I, love, Jesus, but Jewish is fine. They don't believe in Jesus, but I'll still do that because I believe in God. So that's fine, but no hating. Do you know lady yeah, we anti God, no anti God I can convince someone Jesus exists, I can't convince someone. God is real. You know. Are you interested in saving her soul, nope, no she's pretty and hardened a godless t girl? We are saying no to you. Thank you for the submission, though, and jesus loves you by the way Jesus Christ Jews court, video love. You God like this with you guys like with no windows. It's so like intimate I, don't know what it is. I get really like endorphins rush to my head. Are you turned on currently so this one comes from Blair brine, Gilson, brine, Gelson and it just says: bagel Blair's the name. So let's go ahead with bagel. My name is Blair at your request: I'm eating currently so I'm at an Einstein bagel I'm having my favorite miel. Basically simple man, bacon, bacon, cheddar, bagel, I love, a simple man with simple tastes: videos yeah I was like don't think the right people so I mean the low effort. Nature of this makes me think, he's not that dedicated entrepreneurs I live in Denver, Colorado, fish', I, think you're, [, __, ], hilarious, I. Think you would be these people who invented them. Oh, is the three guys Baxter? What why did you guys find this one was except yeah. What was the consensus on bagel Blaire I? Never there was no disagreement on this one, so it was up to these two. Oh you guys put him through. So how it worked was that if there Dan or Ian and Zach, if they agreed they'd put him through if there was a dispute, Dan broke the tie so Zach again, what's going on with bagel Blaire he's, not a bad-looking dude, you guys just thought he was handsome less like Trisha. He said you wanted like struggling or super rare, so I got that, but we don't eat basic Zach. Okay and you guys picked the two most basic interns to pick the basic people and that's why we're getting the interval way singer? Why are we based our T there's two that you loved I wasn't trying to insult them? I'm just saying I don't get roasted in the comments cuz? Well, if they are right, we already have seen guys sitting in the dark. That was like an immediate yes with terrible lighting and just to say with Matt she's, the she's he's the mythical range Egyptian, but I will say in their defense Trisha. We do have two big yeses who were they I forgot, who they were they're worthy? Let's not go back all right yeah, but we only move forward. I forgot! No, there was two big yeses you're very excited about, but the lair, the bagel boy is a basic [ __ ] of was that were calling. Oh, yes, tripolis. Yes, sorry! Next we have Kai steel Smith. He sometimes like a porn star hi. Hopefully there's enough energy in this, for you all and I didn't almost die for nothing. Oh adrenaline, yes, I love a guy who's gonna die for me, yeah I love it that he didn't turn off his uh loveable engines. That's quite a spread. He's got butter sriracha. What is he gonna do with the bottle? Let his skinny wages when I wrecked four and a half inches when a rat when drunk he's poor dude he's pouring butter over the chicken I love it yeah, pretty awesome Lauren raised in California Bay Area where's. He filming this like bro. Look at that wall. Oh my god. It looks like a prison really loud fridge, but nobody lives in a room like that. Wow yeah, don't even like that years, there's no installation, small apartment, dude, they're, homeless, he's homeless. He was homeless. He that he's been away this guy. No! No with the beard and they're my goal and then we meet up. You got your father, I love each other nice to be your husband I like him, he sounds like he's been through it. If he's been homeless and traveled around he's dedicated to we got butter, melted butter married, he has a ring on no I think this is probably tough for the audio listeners you getting turned on yeah. Can you tell me on one to ten how turned on you're getting okay, ten, what I'm ready to be mm right now now, when you say ten, what does that mean? What's happening like what a fabulous face? I dunno, someone who looks like that? Actually I can show you a picture like I. Do doesn't want to look just like that laughing my name's that I cried, someone is laughing about. It. I know that hold the [ __ ] song hold on there. That's a female line: yeah [, __ ]! You go be homeless and eat your chicken somewhere else. H3 doesn't want you your camp? Oh that's! True! You can bro, that's not cool dude. To have your girlfriend film ass! Enjoy you're, not a joke. I just make an aside here. We, this is not a joke. You went through all this effort to have your girlfriend. I blamed the interns. No, this was a good submission. I mean they they could they probably didn't pick up. This is dumb I'm over it. Oh are we getting the other side of Trish Deanna's like Trish I might not come back, and you know what maybe I won't Wow, but we didn't. We didn't think you're. Turning on us wait. We have two great ones already you're, forgetting you want to see one of the good ones. No, no, because, honestly, like I'm on your side, I'm calling this guy out I was like yo I heard a female laugh he's out he's dead, oh you're upset you're. Sabotaging me. This is interesting. I feel like we're getting the personality. It's multiple! It's the brain, multiple loci, steel Smith is a fraud. You were turned on. Your fans are the worst I'm, just gonna, say: h3 fans are the [ __ ] worst wait. We had two great ones. Why are you flip-flopping? I was just too and it's like. We have like 20, more applicants, we're going slow, she is sensitive and you [ __ ] up the mood all right. Let's just go fast: oh man, let's go on to the next Derek black man. Oh I know him. This is some black guy on YouTube he's a he's. A friend he's a good dude I met up with them. His name is Derek black man hey! What's going on yes doing! This is your boy, black Chad aka, some black guy aka Derek, Blackman aka, a dick down daddy. So we're doing a very special video here. It's gonna be a very special video doing a mini mukbang. How do you say that- and it is my official application to win Trisha Paytas heart? So what we got here is one Papa John's, regular pet cat. You know it doesn't usually work. I! Think it's pretty good I think Papa would give this to a good score. We got. You know this little thing right here, like some Kool Aid, [, __ ] see I live in LA, so you gotta go to the local chicken joints, cuz they're, better than anything else. I didn't show my face. You like him. Oh you, you've turned the music off good catch. Guys. Yeah, he's awesome, he's a good dude going to be 32. Wait. What happened? Is it yet wait? Is there music wait hold on? Is there copyright music honk you played before it was definitely caught, but this sounds like we're. Lc free, but I can't take my chances. Derek wait. Why do we hate that you don't use what I mean? Oh, it's good I hope on guys get claim, because he's I'd be a good idea to put in music the whole channel just a MIDI. The whole video I build a two hour. Podcast here, I got I. Have employees to pay I got to send your ass 10. You fresh is one thing. Okay, this is another got bills to pay there - he doesn't wanted to get D monetized. Yes, oh okay, yeah I, don't have only fans. Okay, you make like $10. It's not an. Are you imagined just are sexy no dude that would [ __ ], you know I. Would your no I'm, not I'm horrified I mean it's just so awful because I'm sitting next to you too, and you guys are like my ideals, hold on I'm, sorry Derek, but our black met but I know his name. Let's show her him without a mask I'm. Just okay! Well, yeah! Wasn't the mask I'm, not I, really, don't know why he's wearing a mask but look how he eats. He lifts it up and then I said I what it's some like. Let me show you his mane -, oh wow yeah. What was that I? Let me just show you his um. Let me show you his mane child. This is how many subscribers he's called us, some black dude, I, think or guy you got 440,000. Oh alright clout know he's yeah. Okay, we think yes to that rash and I'm excited a good dude. I had no idea what he was like trying not to be associated with me. He's like I'm gonna. Do it, but I don't wanna, be associated with Trisha we're talking about here. Okay, oh, oh, really, born in 20,000 is good. No okay, I'm black I won. Congratulations! I mean and he's actually a good guy cuz. We he's a good guy. I got your house. No, no I went out with no he's a nice guy. Welcome. There's way very. We have a baby. We don't do anything I'm great with babies, okay, Dre key mark and Drake Martin. Oh, my gosh I would I would not trust you with him. I would be so good. Actually Drake Martin says background. Music is from YouTube's audio library, Drake Martin said in his application background musics from YouTube's audio library, I, said well, I said, if you submit don't use music, cuz, well, [, __, ], I'm, currently a second semester student at the Berkeley College Massachusetts, not this little [ __, ], I'm, a musician and a bass player. So, as you prefer, I am extremely broke, with very little prospects for the future. I'm five, seven and I choose to not know how much I weigh freshman 15 and my physician I am on track of obtaining full ethan klein the gentleman status. I may not be the most attractive person that you will see on this screen today. I think it is only fair. Do you judge me by this photo of myself completely undoctored? I love watching movies and TV. My favorite movie is ghostbusters. My favorite TV show is Arrested Development and a good taste I felt I will lie and say it's offensive if it means I can have sex with you. There's many perks of dating. Was you desperately [ __ ] me I've been watching h3 since I was a freshman in high school, so I know every single questionable thing that Ethan has ever done online and you can bring it up on the podcast Oh, maybe saying some batshit insane stories and coming up some quick video ideas now Trisha, oh, can I call you Trisha I'm going to need a bit of that lying about my gender identity for YouTube use because I'm trying to become a professional musician and I'm going to a pretty expensive school. There's one more / - dating me, and that's that you can always be serenaded with songs like this one. Did you clean your kitchen floor? He made a mistake in he's, he's catering to us, because we have there's this one song where Dre are not direct. Are Kelly goes? Do you want to come to America, but you don't know that reference and also like I need a musician I. Have a band coming out, I'm forming a band and I need a bass player but feeling he's a talented music. Like yeah, he looks like a nerd. Well, he got a sink penis eh he's a sinker. Thank you. Very considerate is time to hand Ethan that rose also I'm 18, [Music], [Applause] well, I will say Drake. That was an awesome application. The age is a killer number one. If you were like even 24, I guess, like damn, 3 portray yeah well, we enjoyed. We enjoyed your application. Next up is stall. Bro he's a pretty popular Instagram account. Here's my application. To date, the love of my life Trisha show what she and I have is truly beautiful. I love her personality and her other personality and her other personality and her other personality and her other personality and her other personality. Yes, please don't get in the way of our true love, oh so relevant, because that was this is stall bro. What the hell is this this is his Instagram, what the [ __ ] voting under the stall dude, what a jerk we do with the real savage culture. Oh, this must be Turkish. Okay, then, are you registered to vote? You are Wow now I just want to watch this video [Laughter] yo. Damn we gotta get this guy. We gotta get this guy in the show. Yeah I think he follows us on all the we got we need. We need some exclusive content. I'm stopping the application. I got to watch one more [Laughter], [Music] dude this guy's literally in the bathroom by himself. That's the gnarly [ __ ]. Why Oh Charles on the song I'm just kidding gauged in the left? Stop yeah can I ask for help, there's his girl on tinder and she and she's kind of fine. You can see what do you mean she's, fake she's, hot? What do you mean reader out of ten, where you think all right, I'm out all right? No I'm just out on the Instagram? Let's watch the video application, yeah stall bro? Oh it's probably under the stall or something right. You tell me one penis, all bro [ __ ] out, like that beautiful and I. Think all nine of your personalities are beautiful too, and I just wanted to. Let you know that I'm interested in becoming your bachelor and I hope you accept these flowers. I got for you. Any questions. You're, probably wondering why I'm on the toilet music sounds like royalty, free, I'm, I'm, Stahl, bro and I'm known for doing bathroom pranks what the emojis that turn you off, because I'm wondering so I. Just wonder if he was gonna hand it to these flowers and I hope that I can see. That's it. What do you think I don't know he looks like something yeah where we gotta show him snow, star, bro: oh, that's a stall! No, an Atreus who was a well really didn't have much to say in his intro, oh wow, eggs and I'm. Here on the board. My kitchen is that royalty-free I'm gonna assume it is yeah I. Think I'm racist against furries I have to see like them. I'm arrived people say: oh you don't like this. You don't like that. I'm, just gonna flat out, say I'm racist against. First, he works in medicine. Can you imagine if you knew your doctor, the distance? Could you take his advice? Is he release somehow I? Like him, I say yeah I like a doctor or medicine? Do you not want to see his face? Angus, beef, hot dog, mayonnaise and eggs? Oh he wait for the furry head, that's hard! You! So do those fries! The enzyme got you dude I'm gonna pass on this one for you, but we can put him through all right, like I like a mr. Logan I like the I, like the aspects, I think he's good. Okay, so we're keeping the otter. So the next one is Jared trees, l'heure, my name is Jared, and this is the link to my entry video. That's all he said. I'm very exciting, I have to say oh they're little captions yeah, that's what I'm reading oh wow he's [ __ ] with ya hello, Trisha yeah! My name is Jared no jambe Trish's, future husband, donut I, don't know a lot about Trisha. Besides what I've seen at age? Three: that's enough to know that she's, a beautiful woman, oh she's, a hard-working, go, get her doing whatever tapes. It's like a woman. That really turns me on sincere about it. It sounds like it. Yeah like the mers real one, I think I'd make a nice trophy husband: oh yeah, you're hot, as [ __, ] he's jacked, yeah I, don't think I, don't think this guy's had a donut in like [ __ ] 10 years I know you're gonna, ban down by the river I'll come right over right now, oh, that's against the rules were huh. Oh, he lives in a van 31 years old me too US Navy, veteran hot I enjoy going to gym. Okay, what else to say your sex record for the day. Oh, let's do it. Oh, yes to him! I love him. Not quite six. One few inches shy. Okay, wait through some platform, shoes, nice, wig, huh, yeah, doing it fast, I, don't know if they're in the beards or not but I love a beard. You want me to shave it I can shave. It I'll put a link to another video in the email options. This seems, yeah seems genuine. You think the first one, that's like not making too much of a joke of it, while showing his personalities, I'm, just loving that doughnut too I know some giant balls. That's actually true ha, okay, so that's from that was from Jarrod's. Yes, so do you want to see the additional link? Okay, I guess to him with no beard beard? Oh I love a beard. Oh it's him on stage. Oh, so it wasn't a van for real I'm. Doubt I, don't care! Oh, that's! Really him so tan! Why did they do that? Other muscles? That's him! I! Guess it could be that guy's, not a joke! Okay could look at it. I know that's kind of crazy I can I just want to meet that guy. He's everything! Okay, yeah I, think he's like the leader so far, so jared is a big! Yes, that's exciting! You see I'm not here to sabotage you. Okay right come on I just really wanted to find like a real boyfriend. That's what we're here to do we're not [ __ ], around Joey I, don't I, don't think. Ethan actually gave us a time limit. Yes, I did I said to keep it about three minutes max. If it's too long, I can shorten it. Let me know so this from Joey. You guys haven't, asked me about putting the wrong email on the [ __ ] thing. Oh then, oh, my god, look at it screams. She does turn yeah I want with this terrible lighting, but you know sometimes we just have to live with what we got I, don't really like the way of it smashed it yeah natural light. Do you hear? Oh he's, like a pun, can send that natural light trying to stab me, but then you're like I've, been from day one from well from the moment. We started this. It's always been serious and Joey too much. Stick too much deck you're out we're looking for a serious contestant, Sakaki, seven one one, seven one like height, I, love that this is how we're quarantined rotavirus boy, your application, I, had to cut down ten minutes of my horrible eating into three minutes. That's my boy! He follows instructions. Sakaki [Music] [Laughter] I'm, worried about the show yeah, [Music], [Music] personality of yours, you think he's not want you to like think they're funny and have them on is like a gas. You know they want to be like a person on a dream. They need to find a good balance of being entertaining and serious. Show your personality. They don't want to date me and I feel, like we said, I'm, not okay, let's move on. We have a lot yeah we're not wasting any time. Let's see, yeah I was like hoping, maybe like Papa John would apply or something like. That's why we're jamming on for you guys do we have good ones? Why are you where you're you've been like ten at a ten turned on at the the last guy yeah I'm? Picking like the best of the? Are you seriously complaining about all these young men throwing themselves at you come on? Alright, thank you guys for applying it's very so this guy is apparently famous Richie. Well, we have - Richie a case social repost. Do you know him? Oh yeah, you know him a youtuber he's a famous. Well, he applied. What do you know about him? What did he really? Yes, he said: hi I did a little video for you. Here's the unlisted lane he's a cheater, but that's fine. He cheated on a famous youtuber. He has a 1 million subs zero. Oh holy! This will you expect. My name is Richie from social repos and this is my dating application. H 3 is this cause K or something kind and sensual person? She receives a chubby chaser, okay on the internet, that just compounds itself over years and I would love to show Tricia just complaining about the quality of man which I believe I am mentally and physically equipped to handle I. Think, what's going through your mind right now you seem so did you know he was interested in his for liking, like chubby girls like he like he's like really into it. Have you guys been together? No I never met him, but um he's made. Videos like Trisha Paytas is hundred layers of con video. He like made fun of me the whole time, oh, but that doesn't mean she doesn't wanna know. So when we tax I'm, like hey, you can come on my podcast, he's kind of like seem like he's kind of like a well-known youtuber he's been on. The cares about talents up I, think my my podcast. What's his talent, he does like he's a musician. He does like he just like cups. He plays the cups or something like he does like water he's like yeah. So is this a yes, he seems genuinely interested. It's a lot of toxicity there and I feel like if anyone's gonna take it on. It would be her potential partner to have a dick one. My name is Richard, so my nickname would be dick - Wow how'd. He do that. That's crazy, older I am 80 years old 3. It is a match made in. If you just so happen to see this I will treat you right. I will treat you with respect and never let all those trolls get to you, because they're just jealous the jealous of what you have they're jealous of what you will become and they probably look like feet so I just want to see us thrive together. I call black shadow, a void of a heart is in the right place and I hope that you pick me and I hope to hear so there you have it for people who are watching he's in this, like really intricate costume he's got black feathers and wings and claws it's gnarly, but it so so this is a yes. Are you attracted them no and they've already like established their like relationship of some sort? So it's like it's kind of like not fair, because I already know him. No do you wish he did this off the show. Maybe, though, maybe this was his way of proclaiming his love for you, so we're gonna move him through. Would you want to have sex with him in costume, erratically, I have like two different types like a really old ass, like white man and like a really young emo. Looking boy like I have those are like me too. Okay, so you like him cuz here he is out of the costume, no he's super hot outside the costume, but he dated a couple youtubers and cheated on them. So I'm, like nervous, you sure, is that contested here: yeah he's hot! Well, that's a yes! Then [ __ ], but it's like. We really know him so I feel like that's like disqualifying cuz I. We already talked it's kinda like he got an advantage yeah. Well, if anything happens, you have to tell us no yeah, we haven't even met, never met her Virginie I believe, but he comes out to LA. Loche always happens. Well, hopefully Alexa Antarctica, all right! So he's throat, congratulations! Social repo is, you seemed really excited about it? Oh we're almost done were we're we're working with no, no really I. Don't that's, probably not my genre. To be frank, you just like Saul bro, yes stall, bros, my [ __ ] valentino, queen no nose, no message holy [ __, ] Doug! Oh this guy's got a beautiful black mane. Yes, his body's crazy dude he's got a nipple pierced I like that Hey I'm welcome back to my channel. So today we move backward. Yes, thirty thousand sub. All right he's not thank you and the possible he's. Not gay I feel like it's. No for you, I. Just get bright, you skip the four minutes, forty seconds and he's had one slice he's not like you, even you can't take you remembered I remember that was like the best episode ever I left as wet. Oh right. What can I smell? Well, sometimes it stinks. That's true and sometimes mine does I'm, not gonna lie there. You go it's what you want you're like freshly washed. It brings all the odor out. It's long has dress anyway, so Ritchie's I, know or which ones don't know. No, no that guys I, know I. Just do you. Okay, Jake mole, mullah Steen, hey a tree podcast, my boy Chris. What all right? I'm, not gonna, pass judgment, yet my boy Chris engaging and moping to win the affection of the beautiful Trisha Paytas, but please see the link below please reach out. If you have any questions so I don't know if this is one of these split personality, gags or is another friend who's? Never the Internet, well I'm Chris from Orem, Utah, yeah, yeah, I'm. Sorry I would definitely wait me and what and what capacity it's two subscribers- and this has three like I'm. Definitely interact with because the amount of cheese in that that's: where do you get them a shoot? Impressive he's not wasting the time. I love the cuts. Dan is this music copyrighted is considerably lower. That's a good point! You got to get the best cost per nugget yeah you like a cheap guy. I know no I, don't like to guy, but yeah he's definitely know that was him. That was him hold on hold on he's too messy. Actually wait, I'm curious if someone else was live for hmm I. Think it's him. Thank you, someone else, but it's a guy. It sounded closer to the camera. Hmm I'll taste you messy I, don't like messy I, don't like cheap, it's, not your bro, yeah bad Achatz, cuz I feel like he goes all out. I just want to give the guy the credit. Mm-Hmm, damn know that he looks like he just it looks like you have chlamydia and he just changed you out. You like. No, you also think my [ __ ] smells you're like I smell, no I didn't you did say that you said. Is this, let's move past that it's not like a [ __ ] orgasm on the chair, Jesus really going for it? Probably not your type I want to give him the credit. Oh I, like dedication, even resonates tallboy Sifl I like that not turned off, not the slightest you're back to 1 or 0 I, just realize I'm gonna be single forever, like after watching mittens I'm like I'm done this. Is it oh, my god, I don't want to like he's committed I like one of you and I'm, not kidding cute. Oh, my god, he's covered his whole head and not good he's kidding, I, guess that explains to the tarp. Doesn't it when you wanted to go down on you with? Why not? That seems like something you'd be into when you want to make out with them. Why does that disgust? You? You literally put an alfredo sauce in your vagina. You know it's funny here. It looks like a a memorial. It looks like he died. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for the video I, don't know if this Jake or Chris, let's see if we can get it back, we can moisten it back up with Ben Ferrell guys we're almost doing in here with three more three more I know how long with me going probably close to two hours. That's perfect I mean I, always get so pissed I'm like why? Don't they do long episode with me? I can talk, I can do a five-hour episode and Ferrell says hello. Ht podcast gang my name's Ben I make a mukbang video for Trisha. So here it is, and if there's a problem with the link, please don't hesitate to contact me. Well, it's too late. If there's a problem, she wants a fly to youtube link, and this is how I know Ian and Zach picked them, because they all look like Ian and Zach them combined like they look like interns at age, three pies. What does that mean? Look like you guys? What what does that mean? Yeah, don't you think, have a very similar vibe to your interns, like all these guys, the guy from Berkeley this guy, like they all, have very internalized for age? Three. What do you mean by interning? They just look like them. That's what I'm saying like the people out there. They don't look like [, __, ] boys, no, but um packet. What does it say about them? I, just think, okay, like you're an intern at a podcast, that's cool! Like that's. You know, they're, not interns to all these guys, okay, employees, that's what I met employees I might have that's cool like it. Someone help me podcast, oh my god, I know. If they're in a boy [ __ ] like okay, you know what I mean, but isn't that good? There's, not something you want actually what, if the guys got its to middle ground, it's like not bad, not good! It's too good! So you want something, someone more pathetic or more gray. Why seeing a green screen in a restaurant in a Chinese, buffet, bang very cool paintings, to show your head a buffet, you could load that plate up I. Guess it should be I, don't know? Oh it's real! Oh, it is really you're right business. So it's not really my fault that I'm at unemployed he's unemployed living with my parents. He lives with his parents. That's good! Here's! The thing I'm, pretty sure that I am NOT Trisha since I've been taking a head-on in my type, but then again, oh no! That's how you get a girl because I'm not her type but she's, not my! Let me skip to the hand I want to give me I know he hates not, though hey I probably should have stopped like two plates ago, but in for a penny in for cake. So even if this doesn't end up working out for me yeah we got yeah, it's not oh and he wrote he wrote. I was actually planning off the contacting you guys answering related. This is someone else. I just made sound related today. Well, yeah I just want to eight connects showcases. That he's not serious. Does he wanted to show me this video year h3 cube build, you wants to be an employer? Well, you might be right, I'm related to Trisha. He made a cool, am I, not beautiful, wait! That's your head! What's the beanie, that's not picked out there of everyone in red, beanie beanies at Disneyland. No, we were just we just all worry it's like your thing I. Maybe it used to be sure all right, cool dude, be a part of that group photo I do mean. Thank you for honoring me with the statue. We are in a hurry, though Ben so I don't have all the time to watch black Bugatti. Oh, what is going on YouTube black here coming to you live, but not live from Atlanta Georgia, it's kind of 77,000 right now. He lives in his car video. Well, as the title says, I want to ask. Is that a nice voice like a like a like I, know, you're saying: what's the garbage character from the Sesame Street Oscar, the ground I know she's pretty famous on YouTube. She has millions of subscribers, she's famous she's, probably pretty loaded she's cute, whatever she's a almost like a c-list celebrity and Alma. Well, there I accidentally drink my own piss. Twice it within 15 minutes. Tell me more yeah. You know that terribly attractive I got a bad disposition I at little children when they run in front of me at the supermarket I dig in dumpsters for food. That people don't want anymore. Is that real I think thanks, I have a small, dick others follow the law. I have road rage issues low-key, so hot I am a suspect in several crimes. I want to come from the heart. For me, I want to come from the heart for a minute. Now, if I were able to show, if he's gonna actually come to harm, I'm really impressed after downing, maybe a pint of taka I. Think that would be able to build up the liquid courage to ask her out on a date. I will say this about Trisha Paytas I, don't pull any punches she's an absolute [, __ ] show I think she would like me, I. Think strong I'm, not manly. You know all these things. You know what I'm saying. I got a lot of faults, psychological, but I will say this. Oh he's got great hurt, though I love, his love like keep looking at them Wow. Apparently he knows it tells ya nice eyes and lips did what me and I think I do have a chance. I have a small chance of possibly getting this video seen by her and her actually giving me a chance, giving me a go. We don't even got to make a video about it. I would just like to meet her in person and I will pay for I will pay for it, for what no I won't pay for it. You'll pay for this, because what I would do is I would start another GoFundMe. Oh my god, what it said is number in the description but okay. Well, he says Trisha call me here's his phone number I'll call him right now. What's his name? Wait, wait! 972! Isn't that okay yeah! That's the country code, yet 972! No! No! No! No! He's he's! In America area code 972, it's Texas! 972! No I mean he wrote. It I'll write nine seven, two, seven, six, five, eight nine seven two I mean this is a public video. It's got already six thousand five. Let's just get him on the phone first yeah! Okay! No, you can't see it from there yeah. What's his name, Blackman daddy, yeah, yeah speaker, it put it up to the mic: oh no! What a [ __ ] douche! He did. This he's one of those public number both. What is that that? Why don't ya I said don't know and I am bothers me a little bit the other day and I texted him. It's justice, it's some kind of AD like it's so weird I, texted, Jared, Leto and he's like hey. This is really Jared. Leto likes ain't, my number, but it was off from his Instagram. But obviously it's not him so I'm so confused. Why they do that some kind of marketing scheme where they get your number and then text you [, __ ]. You should leave a message like hey guess what idiot this is actually attrition. You [ __ ] up yeah. Let's do it, let's call and be like yo black Bugatti [ __ ], your [ __ ] number cuz I hate. When people do now, he has my phone number. No just tell me we get it. Everyone gets it. Oh good, hey I was really interested in dating you, and then you gave this number and I called it, and I'm really like upset now, because I sat through here three hours we found your video I was so in love with you, I thought you were gorgeous and we were so excited to fly you to LA and also maybe take a cruise to Antarctica and you [ __ ] it up. So you dumb, [, __, ] piece of [ __ ]. Don't spam me with this phone number. Don't call me back and don't talk to my friends, h3h3 anymore, bye, [, __, ] number. So, but do you want to keep them or cut them for the [ __ ] number? Could you read all that so Samuel? So this is the last one all right: Samuel, Sultana loved the show, here's the link to my submission thanks and for every years, Sam productions and h3 podcast. This is Samuel Sultana, making my entry for you, Trisha Paytas, my love I'm in a row with you already and everybody there's not a chance. What is it that hates me I'm, an artist in all right this? Is it real I make real films? What I'm trying to say is that I'm, a veteran x4 I'm, also unemployed, meaning how's that roommate best of both words like he murders people and that's the way. A wallpaper he's in Eastern Europe, but big I mean basically everything in between the ranges that you said. Yes, basically Tricia, it's very simple when you're gonna be talking about me to all your friends. This is obviously not even in the country right I mean oh wow. This guy's got a hole, he's eating a salad, you're gonna make a salad growing it through with that [ __ ]. Oh, maybe you're right, clearly, not much to say, there's still [ __ ] four minutes, so we have in. In the end, we have six finalists Wow Thanks yeah, that's pretty good. We've got the four Reds a bit of my Nico. Anyway, we don't need a bruise, can I just say: yeah I thought, I, don't know. If I can say this, you can cut it. If I'm not supposed to say this, but I was like low-key, hoping because originally I was pitched the idea to come on as a contestant and heelas brothers, gonna be the bachelor and then I thought. Maybe he would apply to be on my battery. He was supposed to I, don't know what happened. We could take a last minute, submission I, don't say: do you want go I. Think he's he's honestly super busy he's like a [, __ ] mega hard work he's like a he should make time, though right you should make time he looks so hot I was like Loki impresses like holy [, __ ]. What woman he's like he's? Strikingly high okay, we'll make sure he gets in we'll take a last minute mm-hmm, but he lives here in LA super successful long, hair, I love it I. Looked him up, you get a chance to know. Jesus I'm like he's Jewish he's, okay, we'll make sure we get. Ah, if not, we can just also hook up. We don't have to date. No no he's got to come to this. Why? Because, then it's a shame. He's gonna tell us! You can't you guys can't get past us, he's gonna tell you I, don't think so. So we have six strong contestants West's, possibly seventh with us brother, we're gonna get a last minute. So that's exciting soap and probably two weeks we're going to contact the winners. We're gonna set everyone up and then we're gonna bring you back in and we're gonna give each of them a three minutes to impress you on skype. You guys are gonna, have a conversation at speed dating three minutes or five. So I come dressed up like a nice grass and my hair down like updo. Do whatever you like, yeah I'm gonna, come fancy for them. So do you want three or five minutes to have a one-on-one blind date, because I just feel like a five minutes could get awkward yeah? Maybe you should have an abort button. You can be like if it gets too awkward, you can abort. Well, you thought, like a bar. Okay, I want an abortion with them or not. I was like oh I. Don't know, that's like I'm ready to say: I mean yeah. We didn't quite get there yet! Okay, let's wait for the cruise to decide on that brother think I'm, hot though he like was out. I, don't talk to him, but he knew no. He wanted yeah. He wanted to. He wanted to apply, though he did tell us. He was going to look in a serious way. Yes Wow, why haven't you let them might even through all this? Why I'm? Just like? Oh, like you, that's where they want to see you I'd be like yes, he doesn't want Miriam. Necessarily, you know: okay, Jewish! Well, I, don't know all right come on what come on, oh, so that he said that he was going to apply it. We're gonna, that's all I know he definitely doesn't look for it. - holy [, __, ], [, __ ], well make sure we got his application. So you might! Oh, are you really? Why would you some we're talking about like sardines in here all right? Well, we well yeah. This excited we'll get we'll get moses in here, -, okay and he looks like Jesus the hell of it. Sorry. What was that? What did she say? His name is Moses. He might spread your Red Sea yeah gonna eat you out when you're on your period, he's into that. Let you out on your period. Oh yeah for sure. Are you kidding me [ __ ] is natural natural eating. Someone baby was born with blood on it. Well, I can say drink it. You just you look it up. You don't actually like a sumo kay. So next up we're gonna do a new segment with Dan. If you'd like to stay enjoying. Oh you didn't protect, you didn't prepare the news. Oh no! No, we're! Not! No we're! Not a tower was a charity. Stream was a nightmare. You can be you can be. When do we do it next yeah yeah. We should now because we're all quarantine for Corona. No we're not stay here, daddy, bring him worthy he's at the house. You like a babysitter, his mom, no he's taking care of himself [Laughter], all right. Oh my god, really excited yeah. I got really I. Remember this guy - you're super pumped about I'm. Well, that's a different kind of weird to me, but okay I'm done look how hot he is not. My type I'm actually excited - about the guy that ate the wings with the tie that dip the time ran right. What's with the whole like main thing, well, you're, the one done is to date anything so exactly no I'm. More of that, like my background, is like see my phone like that's my type, okay, the dude from My Chemical Romance. Let me knock. Is he doing promotion now for his tour I feel he's didn't like not come on my podcast, but so okay? Well, then, that's it. So we have six finals. We've done it! We've time we've talked about it all. Is there anything else to say here on this uh on this glorious Friday afternoon? Oh no, should we do some dead air? Do you know what that air is just nobody talks, so here we go dead. Air smiling, okay, dead air is great because an audio listeners be like. Did they stop talking I'm excited at hope, my god I'm, so not till two weeks cause so much time in between damn I found him through I went to your followers. You are do follow on no I thought. That was weird, but maybe I can know really attractive person, and you make yourself as honest as possible, like you like video, so you, like you, put your expectations low for people. Do you know what I think I've been I think about it I think that no this this is kind of like a really weird analysis of myself, but I feel like I intent are subconsciously, make myself as unattractive as possible because of my dad, because he's such a creep and weirdo and I don't want female attention because I don't because I want to be true to you and faithful to you and I. Don't want other women to be attracted to me Oh, because your dad was like a I heard that yeah yeah where's. He is you applying to the show. Thank you stop. Is he single or married he's married? My mom dads are always so hot I'm, not gonna. Call me just one animal sobs I'll say: could you render how [ __ ] your dad that'd be crazy? My dad probably would really like that, because he probably would that's a I mean I, probably shouldn't even talk about that wait. Where is he? Is he Nellie yeah here? He is yes what what yeah yeah he doesn't look anything like me holy [, __ ], that's my dad! That's my mom! That's Wendy! Well, Wow! We, like low-key, your parents are attracted, that's so weird yeah. They are both attractive. Is it a big age gap? What is this? Oh, they didn't realize they're on camera, my dad was patting my mom's bass. We actually where's your mom. They were on the show, oh yeah. Here it is live stream. Phil wow. This has 300,000 views Wow. What's with that lower? Third, it's so ghetto. Were you not here at the time dude? This was like my second episode. I was just coming in for us. What's the show, because my dad is a what did you expect? This is what we're on Twitch and we didn't actually by the way, I'm also surprise they're, my parents I, feel like I'm, adopted, I, think I'm. So confused. You look nothing like either of them. How old is your mom? How old is your mom um? This was this was two years ago, so she's I think she's, like 16 I, honestly, don't know her exact age she's like no she's she's like 60, not like in her sixties, she's like 60 I'm, so maybe she's 65. Actually, my dad is 70. Well, your dad, a hippie, no I, don't look like one like I guess he was guys I'm so confused. That is so bizarre. You look nothing like them. I agree, I've, always thought I was adopted and I'm and I'm nothing like them right. You yeah nothing! Nothing like my dad right. The only thing that makes me know that he's not adopted is that it has a brother and a sister and they all look alike. The siblings, oh I, didn't know, I, think you're. The only child you strike me isn't only T strikes me I, don't know what do you think about this? You think I'm on wait. That's you these ugly faces on purpose, I! Guess that makes sense. If you don't want female attention cos, you don't want to be tempted. I, don't want to be tempting yeah you're doing a good job of turning people off with that picture. That's why you don't think I look in the Hat, like all those people have ever seen a view. I mchao you're disgusting, but then I see you in person. There's like oh he's, like super hot, so I feel like thank you for hot yeah. I can see how pretty I could see how you were trying to make yourself on attractive I. Guess if you don't want to be tempted by people, that's right. That is, that I think the deep psychological issues um you're like dark, - you're like darkest [, __ ]. Damn it's not that dark. How dark I, just don't wanna, be like my dad make yourself so ugly. So no it's - Beatrice! It's not like a it's! Not it's just a thought! That's that I've thrown around because it's not it's not something! I'm consciously doing! Can I. Ask you it like a personal question. Only cuz I relate to it. Okay, so, like your parents are both very attractive and fit, and so are my parents they've always been in good shape and sup. How do you feel because, like I feel like for me, I'm I'm always like the kind of the fat one of the family and they're like what happened to you like your sisters, hot, your brother's hot. Your parents are hot and it's like. So how do you feel about that like having superhot parents? Um I think that they, it doesn't bother me I, think they're, annoying and I think that they don't add they're, not I, think they're, both really vain -. Do you think they love you less, because no I feel like my parents? Maybe not let me last what they don't like I'll trash like, don't think no I think they just worry about me being unhealthy, that you're not you're. Not that and you know I- think you're. Super hot I'm, overweight, I'm, overweight, well, I mean yeah thing, but I feel like everybody's overweight, like 85% of the world's over way, but I feel like that guy's. So hot Gary Cola, although he had an incident recently but anyways um I, just wondered because I feel like really no I, don't feel I, don't feel like they were well, which one all of it all of it right. Yes, I, don't feel that way, I think it might be different for women. I feel like if I had a mom. That was like hotter than me. It'd, probably be weird, so my actually my sister, my mom have a weird tension: you're heavy chubby, kinda, well, she's done weight, swings I'm, not gonna, say it one way or the other, but what you called me fat, you out. Oh yeah I want to call my sister fat like a stranger I'm, joking I know, but my sister, my mom, do you have a weird relationship, I think where they had like yeah I, think, but both my dad I just I, never liked him. Oh, that's so brutal I guess I never connected with him. Though there was not math. There wasn't really a competitive nature between us. What do you think because you're not super like masculine and stuff? Maybe he was like? Oh I, don't know it's not super masculine. He likes sports and [ __ ], but I've never been yeah they're hot they're, [, __, ] hot, that's crazy, and then they wanted to drop bull with them. Oh yeah, he was exquisite. Your touch, I, don't picture you just like squeezing kilos trash out there, you own a mob lick, cuz, I'm, saying I like it. When people do it in public. That means that can't contain themselves. What do we do here? We go everything like someone just catch it I'll catch it. One day on my tick-tock die. Do we have anything else to discuss No I love, no I love by the way, I love my dad, because I say these things and he listens and he and then yeah. You get sad. I do love my dad. It's just hard I want to talk about him in a way that I'm being too harsh, I love my dad. Obviously his shortcomings as every human being does, and he has to find Who I am not because I want to be anything like a movie. I want to be the absolute opposite of them. No I'm just kidding I came out and I'm just kidding again. How do we cut this? No, no sex for me and your dad together, you can follow him on Instagram I'm, doing it right, [, __, ], now holy [, __ ]. My dad would actually responder damn right. I know, that's the thing I know he would answer your dams, wait what a name this is so sick. We have to stop. I can find out I, don't think he's on there. I wouldn't add my dad. Are you crazy? Do you think I would tag my dad? You know what's funny my dad on Twitter. He follow those like um like porn encounter and it shows up on my keys. Sometimes he likes it and it shows up on my feet. Oh yeah was on the subreddit. People saw my dad's Porsche clean up on their feed. Do you not follow your dad I think I may have unfolding, because I don't want people to find his account. Do what you're doing right now? Where is he? Oh, my god, this is so annoying cause, there's so many of them. Okay, we're gonna wrap this up. You don't follow my dad. Is there anything else? Dan, let's stay safe use. The Clorox wipes stay six feet away from people apparently make it ten just to be safe. If you're around Trisha make it 20 really all right. Well, Bachelorette C of episode. Three is coming at you and we're gonna wrap this one up right down. Yeah and next week we have Bert Kreischer coming yeah Bert Christ, don't shoot like that Wednesday Wednesday right he's coming in Wednesday, so that episode won't go up until Thursday unless we're able to rush it out, maybe we'll try and get it up once a just to keep consistent is a popular podcast. Guest bird is a very funny and he's a huge comedian. So yeah he's awesome. His last episode with us some of the hardest I've ever laughed on the show he's super boss. Why don't you post mome back? That's your relevancy right there! Well people know us friends with him. I didn't know: I look googled it you guys like blogs together yeah we used to be close friends, but I haven't talked to him in a while. He got you famous for you. I mean that that's yeah, probably I mean I, don't know how else to put it. He doesn't really. He I mean he's, got a lot going on. I, don't play I'm, not I'm, not I. Don't blame him. He's got a lot going, doesn't moved away from, LA doesn't live here. Where does he live him? I got so many people to be I'm, Gary, Moses, post. Well, okay, let's end the show, love you guys have a fantastic weekend. Stay safe, stay vigilant. We will defeat the virus together, not the Boomer Doomer. What do they call it? The boomer do rumor remover the Boomer remover, that's very insensitive, good, the Boomer Goomer, the Boomer doom, that's crazy, but it's actress. It's actually true, like they're I. Think like every old person is just mr. die. I mean that's life. No, but like sudden, oh yeah, not like eventual there, I've, no one to [ __ ] you up later. Alright, let's end this again get this turning into a nightmare alright, and this quarter for me Dan. Thank you guys, thanks, everybody [Music].