To [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] greatest show today, this Trisha has wiggled back into our life emails from Zak asking me like, confirming with me 10 times I'm still coming today, anyways I, remember, Dennis, doing his own work kept contacting Zack the reason we first of all were joined today by Trisha Paytas, who we are happy to welcome back. Oh I, like their shorts. I, really, do you guys not patty fresh but like okay, we're like a couple now I feel we're all getting along and like this is ruffle. You told me about your house: it's just a friendship. Everything has to be sexual, I mean I, wouldn't if friendship is even a stretch cuz. This is only our second time seeing each other yeah and you said like I'm like oh I'm, so glad you guys like me now and you're like who said we like you I was like oh, like off-camera, I was like I was kidding, was it well? I mean half joke I just come back because it helps I got a lot of like new emails from people who wanted to like sign up to watch me like do. Shits, alright, thank you for that. There you go you're, welcome and thank you. We had one of our biggest podcast. Everyone had a lot of fun. It was a great thing. That's so we've got Trisha back here and the reason that Trisha is joining us today is, as you all know, IANS had an season of The Bachelor with h3, instead of a as a capital, H and O, three Bachelor and so Ian actually found true love on a season. We had some ups and downs. We had some controversies, but in the end ian has been dating a girl for how long in for about since last September around there since last September, he looked so so. He isn't. He didn't love any man up on the show, yes yeah, so the the show work no work. Oh I had no idea. This was a thing, and so we take this very seriously. A love is very important to me and Ella and our community, and we thought Trisha Paytas. No, that's the next season of The Bachelorette. So Trisha is here to basically introduce. No, it will not. It will be incredible. I'm gonna ruin like all these people's lives, just one. What guy it's like? How do you? How would you bro know someone got some guys like I, don't know: I literally met someone like last like a couple months ago and I was with him for like 10 days and like ruin his life, and he tells me that all the time, oh what'd, you do to him I think just a lot of maybe like psychological manipulation. Maybe doing it, though, making a good [ __ ] some guys like they say we like crazy girls. They say that and you know why I always tell them I'm like just so. You know I'm crazy and they like what crazy people don't say: they're crazy and then two weeks later, like you're [, __ ], crazy I feel like they go. They go crazy. People don't say they're, crazy, really, crazy people because I know I ana. So people keep calling me. Okay, I get it I'm a little like a little unstable, but I'm not like violent. So do you have? Do you have a personality disorder? Do you have some kind of diagnosis? I'm a diagnosed well honestly, cuz I've gone to get like medications, I would love to like medicine. Do you think I'm when I was a little kid? He put me on like a lithium I think that [ __ ] me up because I don't think I was that's. What's up for bipolar I, don't think I was and I think it [ __ ] me up because I wasn't so now I feel like, but I don't know when I'm, that's the only thing I've taken I take xanax. Is that a medication like from Becher's medication for like a disorder, though, or just well, not oh well, well, I, don't think a doctor would say that it's perfect for fun. People do take them. No, you know it's to treat anxiety. You have a prescription, no, no I'm, just wondering because listen I'm, not judging you, I I, was just wanted to go to the doc there and get a prescribed that he was yeah me not gonna. He may not have been like a good doctor. That's what it is he's one I'll just give you the X, no matter what like uh, maybe fifty in one day, if you want really yeah well, damn load like his number after [ __ ]. You Dan, though so you are with the guy. For ten days, you guys were in a relationship. I was a relationship. Now we are just like he. He was more difficult innate the really yeah you have sex. On the first day, always I did or not even guys, you don't even dates that are going badly, so it's actually been a while, like ID I've been okay with it: okay, you're, okay, with only fans I, just like mastery every night, yeah. First calm, that's incredible that you found a way to monetize your like, because you you're not having sex you're masturbating because you're, you know, you're not getting it right and you found a way to monetize that amazing, like I, honestly, don't even want to have sex. I'm like this is so good every night like I, do it and I get money I get tipped. It's amazing. Do you ever masturbate ins and nobody's watching you like I, said this feels like a waste? Oh I always felt that you always fill me. We don't masturbate anymore without filming like the mukbang. So if I'm gonna eat a meal, I'm gonna film wow, you really have found every way to monetize it. Sliders yeah like this is higher level. Others don't have fun unless it's been recorded. That is true, and that's not. That's me too, because I'm, a [, __ ] channel. Is there anything else in your life that you've thought about capturing like film about the sex acts. You've got the feeding. What else is there left yeah I do my daily life logging? That's I've done, I haven't done dating I haven't done dating here. We are because a lot of people don't want to be on camera. If they do want to be on camera, then you question their motives and that's what I'm scared about this? It's like are you coming on here. Just to me, we'll have to decide that together, okay and what kind of people are they are they like losers or are they like well-to-do? Oh well, we're imagine we'll get people from all walks of life. You don't have even a list, yet your default. Introducing you yes introducing you, you don't have any like prospects. Not you know. You know. We've announced this. We wanted actually to get from you some information, so that now people can apply I experience, even though we're like I'm older than both of you, I, actually looked up here every what the same wage I forget, I'm, older you're, all good me yeah, oh, are you think we're the same age? Oh, my god! Yeah, it's not a throttle. It's definitely are getting along good. These don't think of like a little date right now. Definitely not a date on you too much in front of Eli was, like obviously I mean I was offended and repulsed frankly, but it was funny he was really offended by. They were really pissed. So tell me what first of all, let's go back to the ten days with this guy how'd, you meet him Instagram, he DM me, oh, so he was interested yeah that ever and then, when you and then you saw him, you thought you liked the way he looked yeah. No, actually I do not. He wasn't my type at all, but I was like this. He was so into me and was like really and not aggressive, like the wrong word. I keep using that word aggressive, but like persistent, I guess and I was like whoo I like that, like no one pursues me, I'm, always the one that's like, let's date, so he had an ax. He had an infatuation with you to begin with, so that's probably went to you know ruining his life because he did did he want more from you than you were willing to give? Is that what happened? No I ended up one, he more for him, I'm very pushy. What a stranger reaching out to Instagram to you wanting him so bad that you ruined his life. Yeah like it was actually, oh, my god. This is so embarrassing, but yeah him on cuz. He was like so all about me and then he came out and, like still all about me and I'm, just very pushy I to start talking about like marriage and kids right away like the first like I was like please don't ever leave. Are you trying to get married, yeah yeah? What did I say? You can't have kids, because you have triple or triple Emidio kind of I have like blocked tubes, but obviously I can get like IVF and you can't do a uterus I'm able to have babies I just I want to have like I mean adoptions cool inside, but I want to have I got partner, I understand I. Don't thinks gonna happen by me, forcing them to be my partner, but maybe never know. Did you by chance chuckle or shackle his arm. When he came into your house, no I tell you. He was hip extending his trip extra days. So part of me thinks he likes to the craziness of it. Cuz he's like you're supposed to only come Sunday to Wednesday, and then he stayed he kept saying. Cuz I'll stay one more nails, anymore and I got sick and he wanted to keep staying with me. So when how long ago did he leave? Oh, my god, there's been like two months now: okay, yeah and when he says you ruined my life who initiates that conversation. He does. He helps me still to this day: cuz, hey Trisha, just wanna, let you know you're in my life, where I could assure you like packs messages, I'm you like [, __ ], you like, but what for? What? What is his explanation for you ruining his life? I think I. Think I, just like I think I'm very, like hot and cold duh, yeah, so I'm kind of like I. Don't know people think it's like playing a game, but sometimes I just don't talk to someone for like a week and then sometimes I want to like talk to them every minute of the day, mmm yeah that can be mad at me. Yeah I think that's just how I am so. Maybe that's why I'm not in a relationship? Well guys we have a perfect cat. Do you have money now so I have a really big question: are you looking for guys or a woman or both I would say guys or trans girls trans girls? Now let me just get my Trent I. Don't know that if so or that a trans girl is a man who transitions to a female mmm-hmm and still has a penis yeah, yeah I'm, definitely into penetration I'm, not against dating girls. I've tried it I, just love penis, so yup is a girl with a penis. Your ideal situation, I, never dated them. I've hooked up with tons of T girls I just never have dated them because I don't know if they want to date me per se, but if they're down I've hooked up with so many I mean that's probably how hooked up with more than the straight man. Is it really going Grindr? You can find him, although I got in trouble for that too, because they said you're not I'm, not supposed to be on Grindr I, don't [, __ ] know the rules, it works for you, I, think yeah I think, but do they think that you're a man when they show up no, no I well I, don't know what they think I have to mmm. This is so bad I think you have to go under there. I could be wrong. I'm! Sorry, don't crucify me this wrong. I think you have to go under there as I have to go to there as a tea girl. Who also they do is that where the trans thing came from so did you ever? Have you call them two girls I'm just gonna, follow your lead, yeah I, don't know if that's offensive, but not okay, I, don't know your house and then were like whoa where's. The dead I tell them, obviously in chat before yeah yeah I'm, a girl yeah and as it, what does ever like what the [, __, ], um, half half or like [ __ ] yeah. But then the other half are like they're. My friends like the ones I've hooked up with have become like my friends like their fans or something like that, not fans. It's like a bad thing to say, but like they've liked, seeing me on insta and you ever call on them on booty calls dick calls mm-hmm. So you have a harem of T girls. I do yeah fine, credible I, know that's why I always believe like no one's like fully straight, because I've had a lot of like boyfriends into it and stuff like that. So I always they say everyone's on a spectrum so and I know this firsthand, because every single one of my boyfriend's have been like kind of like into it like autism, the spectrum yeah. Oh there's a spectrum right, isn't that where you've got your vaccinations, so you're not you're, not gonna catch? No, you won't catch autism. No! But that's like the controversy. If you don't get your kids vaccinated, don't worry, neither of us have contagious offices. Well, that's debatable. I have the size matter. We're talking about. Two girls were talking about dick obsession to size matter, huh. Well, surely, like there's, two small there's two big any dicks good, maybe less than four, not more than eight. So anything less than four inches is too small. So you don't want it too big yeah! Definitely not that! Oh, my god are you guys gonna, ask me weird dick sizes. We could feel I think if it's important to you not like I'm a deal, but no, but you you're, being very. This isn't a Danish as the a Street podcast. It's actually gonna happen. What is this good news? What do people cancel us right away like after this episode, they're like [, __ ], you guys for not like bashing Trisha, like I, feel you're they're trying to help me. This isn't a cosign I, just think you're entertaining me: I'm, not endorsing Trisha, Paytas I, just think you're entertaining but you're kind of endorsing me cuz you're, letting me on a platform. I mean we that's fine. Yeah I endorse you. That being said, are you still? Are you still trans, because I haven't have to talk about because last time we met you, we talked about the trans thing and it's kind of blown over, but you haven't talked about it and you still stand by the fact. I transmit I do what I have talked to you. Girl, I, know, I'd, be a team man and also I talked about this I talked about on other podcast. I've talked about it like I, just did pockets to me when I talked about it. How I consider myself trans right but I, don't say it cuz, it offends people. I just did my podcast with Blaire white and she was saying like how, like oh now in person, I genuinely like, feel what you're talking about I still consider myself. We've done this okay, we're gonna. Consider it that bad okay, that's all good, so you're a gate. You are a gay man, you're a trained to believe. We've established you're, a gay man so anyway, but that's fine. We talked about it, I go by she and her, and it's fine. If a guy is gay, a gay man - no you're, not she's a gay man and I'm a lesbian, it worked out. Oh my god. We're uh we're uh compatible like that. I think, like you, guys, are loved, but I also feel like a lot of people hate you guys. That's very true. I feel that too I got I got a lot be like. Why would you go on there? They're the [ __ ] worst like anti LGBTQ bless you, oh, but that's what you just said: you're a lesbian and she's trans and you're not funny, but see people don't think it's funny. I do here. We go again. I said you, but but yeah I agree. People hate me I, don't know, I feel like people. Even my fans hate me yeah. That's weird figure that out so the Brad Pitt marriage. Congratulations on that! Has that been an old. Are you Oh was I here after before you were announcing, you had a big announcement that you were engaged yeah, that was a troll okay, that was a troll, so we can see those so you're good to date. People you're not married yeah, not me, okay, good did you have sex with the cutout okay, that was obvious, but that's like an obvious troll, like my trans video was very serious, like obviously that was a troll okay, okay enough, I wrap it though cuz he can you get him on your well? We might get his application. You never know who would you just die if you had Brad Pitt on the podcast cuz of me, because of this moment, yeah I really don't see that happening. Okay, I manifest things like a new big way. I promise you I can manifest anybody into my life. I've always done it I've always done it. I'm really really well sure what was the biggest Quinn Tarantino I moved out to LA to meet him, and then three days met him so fast, like Oh met him like what kind of but like it was through. A series of events and I was like literally like dragged by the hand to like meet him, introduce him and then ever since then he was always so cool to me, like every time, I saw him. He was always like. So cool, like remembers me like I'm and I, manifested that so quick I'm, like I just wanna, go to LA he's just whacking me quitting Tarantino, so I moved out here and like three days, I met him, but just other people, just like other things. In my life I've manifested like the podcast and I have my own podcast. When I came on here and when I was on here, I was like oh, my god. I could do a friend do my own podcast in like two weeks later, though, you want to a podcast I was like yeah like I [ __ ] manifest [ __ ], you I swear you. Do it manifest Brad Pitt from dad? Can you get people from know like yes? No we're not. Can you manifest Brad Pitt's penis in your vagina I mean. Is that a different level of am manifesting? I just feel like if you meet a guy that just happen, so you got to manifest the guy first and then it didn't matter where you. What did you want to [ __ ] Quinn, oh yeah, because he's married now, my girl? What are you not young she's, my age, yeah she's, alright? Well, he's old, [, __ ] there, the guy was probably big between them. Yeah he's 50, no he's like 55 and there he's gonna raise the baby in his room. Congratulations really good blossom. Yeah they're gonna have an Israeli a little baby. Do you think, do you? What do you think about that age gap? Are you okay, with an age gap? What's your cutoff on the Lord, no I'm, okay dude, with an age gap. If you're about the age of 25, I, hate age gaps like 18 I like 50, that's disgusting or like like that's gross like I'm fine, with an age gap now I'm 31, I'm, [, __, ], oldest [, __ ], to like we could both die at any point. So I would say: 70 is the cutoff, so your minimum is like 25. No, oh, no 35 your minimum 30 25 35! Your minimum is 35 today, yeah I've, never date. Anyone under 40 I, don't think really yeah I, don't know. I've always just dated that I don't know about two girls, young girls they're a little different, because I've never dated them. I've always would come with them. So you want a mature guy, a guy with a job. A guy who knows a little about himself. Job is important. You want a guy with his own money. Okay, two ends of the spectrum. I think this is where my split personality comes in I, don't think I have one anyways. If I do I was what percent as for it is so I think like either I need someone really super rich, successful, crazy, just gonna take care of me and no long after mastery on only fans or I want someone broke. So desperate needs me to suck everything out of me like yes, treasure, whatever the [ __ ], you want I got it for you, wanna sleep. You want to be yeah, okay, so anything really so people should not apply if they're younger than 35 right. No and your heart, oh no, no! No come on! We got to see. What's out there, let's say: 25 25, you might get a nice little twink like Ian, yeah I, don't want anyone that looks like you're in are the interns? Are the employees I don't know, I don't want any other means only well no answers how they're all full blown salaried employees with health and I don't want that. Look. I mean right, so Dan no rain down on zero to ten. No, you for doing this, I'm still pissed about it. What did we write? Well now you get there. Now you get revenge, so all one's all one but I'm 10, and is it? What is it about me? That's attack, I, would say a nine today I think you went down a point. Oh wow I think your hair is too long. It doesn't in a haircut yeah. That's it nicer, I kind of like a little bit of an [ __ ] and today, you've been a lot nicer, Janine a little nicer, so I'm a favor I'm, a nicer yeah completely. So okay I have some exercises that I want to do for all of our thirsty bachelors out there. Okay, I want to go through a list of celebrities to get people an idea of what your physical can. You get I love secrets, so rate break these celebrities on a scale of 0 and 10 being the most attractive I'm gonna manifest all these people, I'm gonna tell you you're gonna get Bank gangbanged by a bunch of all your stars. I've been there done that, have you been gang banked, but not by hot celebrities? No, but have you been King, Bay um, oh I, don't think so. Is that something you would forget? I, remember that's I'm, so bad I don't want to like laugh at about. What's the most? What's the most people, you've had sex with that ones, I don't think I happen, I, don't know what the definition of gangbang I don't think three or more knocks no okay to Cox. Maybe that why I don't know well I'm surprised you like sometimes honestly like. If you take too many he's like xanax like seriously you like blackout, you don't remember anything interesting, yeah I, try not to do that anymore. Yes, please I, don't I really haven't just so. You know. 25 I, don't need to be I was with you 115 once I. Don't want to happen again. Please don't take me away. I had half a xanax this weekend. That's it excellent, just a disclaimer, so Steve Buscemi. What do we rate him? Oh I, I'm, obsessed with I'm obsessed to see Buscemi I got a 10 I, don't have to just say a tank he's the all-around. So what tell me break it down? What do you like? Well? First of all, I like his personality I, like that okay cuz, I'm, so public and like out there he's very like private and I. Also mm-hmm he's like mysterious I love his eyes. I love his demeanor I love that he looks like a dad like I. Also just love him like this is kind of hard to miss LaBrie's because, like if you're a fan, you obviously want to [ __, ], so bad and like Steve Buscemi, he did a yeah he's been with them for so long like loyalty. Oh, she died, I! Think right. You recently passed but unfortunate loss for him as a poppet for you 2009 that astray that's fresh yeah but I mean you can't move on that quickly. Okay, so I mean love handbags, okay, the first person to compliment his eyes. Oh wow, that's the thing I like that's kind of like Gary, so Brad Pitt. If he's a panda, what's Brad, okay, I mean okay, I, really love Brad Pitt, so you see that's not fair. I mean obviously he's at I'm like okay, I, don't even talk well, yeah, yeah, women, I, don't know whether how are certain women, because we didn't knock out the dough, though I do not like her. Oh did you pick all Jewish women. Is this like no, no purpose, because I saw the other one in Leonard? That's not Jewish Lana Dunham them um. She is to mask so if I want to be with a woman which is like a tea girl, I do what mask masculine mask from ask. You think she's too masculine I like a femme girl, so like that's, why I like tea girls, because they're ultra fun, okay, so there's so the most feminine female? Is a man yeah yeah with the penis? If you think about it, yeah they they go over the top to be female right, like I, like a you fun. Do you think one will be offended by you saying that the most feminine females are men, because that's what they're like taking the title? I'm, not mad I, said they're T girls, the trans girls, their penises. Is there no girls that are more feminine than two girls I, don't think so cuz they know it. They know it they they know and they go extreme with it and I. Think, like a lot of like sis girls I feel like a lot of times. They don't go all the way. They're interesting I'm. In my opinion, it is my experience. So I'm just gonna skip the obvious ones here. How about the Sam from Lord of the Rings I? Don't know him I! Don't like him. We don't like him. He maybe remind you of one of our interns, which one just in general, oh for sure, creepy College on a vibe yeah he's David Bowie I mean that's obvious. Everyone's [ __ ], no yeah. Well, never! Oh, not interesting! You know, like a song, you think I know he's a singer really yeah and he looks what I don't like his lips. I! Don't like his plate. Do you know you know the Beatles? Ah do I know the Beale I mean? Are you familiar with their music? Not a fan, but yes, I, love, Elvis and I feel like they kind of just copied all this wow, so you're a Elvis person, I love, Elvis, see if you could get mmm I got in trouble for saying this, but like I've always just wanted to like [ __ ] him always like, even like his corpse like anything I, just like I'm, so [, __, ] hot to me. What about fat Elvis? Would you [ __ ] that Elvis? That's my favorite outlets like seven-five Elvis, my favorite Elvis? Are you fat Elvis, your favorite Elvis he's wasn't even fat. He had a little extra chunk. He sweated profusely, which is so [ __ ] hot he's like eyes. His lips got fatter. Oh there's fat. This is yeah. This is mmm very sweaty. Fat I love the sweat, oh god holy [, __ ]. Oh my! So you like a sweaty fat guy. If you have swag like that, like look at his everything about him, do I qualify for fat, swag, I, don't think you're. You might be Elvis sighs. What are you to 10 to 20 yeah? Okay, he was I think he was to 10 at the time of his death, but he was 6. 1 ha, oh I'm fatter than he is. You are yeah how'd. Are you 511 there you go 210 because you do it I'm fatter than Elvis Fogg and he like well. He died from drugs right. You might've been 230 there, but I know at the time of his death use 210 and he died a prescription. Drugs, yeah, okay, oh god, I love, all this Presley, so [ __ ] much. You guys have that in common who prescription drugs. True, since he's dead and I'm still alive, but he died at 41, so I got some time. Hydra I mean this obvious. Everyone's [ __, ] I, don't know him really drunk it's just a dress, a dress, a dress, I, don't think the star crack and you don't know interest in cats he was in. He wasn't. He was in the wire he's been in a lot of stuff, the big cat, the end right. Yes, did you like the movie? No, okay, no, but I James Charles he's femme, but he is a femme boy. So no well whoa, he's I. Think he's too gay I, don't think he's gonna be on the girl spectrum. There's gay boys that are you attracted? Oh, no! No! What is it, though, because you like the femme with the deck I? Think Melanie? Okay, you don't like him as a person. Don't know him I just watched him. I felt defranco's podcast and they both were, if you're more egotistical than Philip DeFranco. Like that's bad. So I was like canceling medium. You have a problem with Philip DeFranco he's very artistic all he ODS wrong with me. Yeah! That's me in their podcast men cancelled because, like you know, many people cancel me on the podcast cuz like ok. They will ask me to be on, but then the host by now and they'll be like cuz I have issues with so many people. Let me correct you Booker's, don't book anyone without the host. Knowing that's not true, it is true. No, it's not I'll. Tell you why, because there was a podcast, maybe was through my podcast company. Maybe that's why, but they were like. Oh you want to be on this person's podcast I was like yeah, oh no, it was true. My manager well I'm a manager at the time he was like. Actually she doesn't want you on, because you talk [ __ ] about her husband or something I was like okay. Well, then, why would they ask me they must have found that out during the vetting prom? Maybe that's it cuz, that's the thing. I get I feel like even the philip defranco when they've like asked me, and then it's always like no, but like we've always had issues like I've, always just liked him. Even in our food, he took your side like well so go ahead and keep keep thrashing philip defranco cuz. I find that funny wait, but you like him right. No he's a great guy, look I'm, actually I'm the fourth most click fated youtuber on this channel. What what for? What? What was your scandal? No I'm just I, don't know but I've been I've been in like 60 thumbnails. Oh really, yes, are you? Does that turn you on yeah? Look at our interview that I like past Chris, D'elia and stuff. It made me really excited. I was very excited about that me too. I was like I was passing, everybody based, I mean the old ones like post melona. Shane, obviously are like bigger, but are you one of our toddlers? Look? What's the order? I don't know, I does not like maybe top, maybe top you're. Definitely top 10 I'll tell you right now: Trisha, okay, you satisfied your Papa John, though what the [ __ ], 1.7, yeah, Papa, John's, Papa, John yeah killed it. Let's see: oh oh I'm, not even in the top two life. No other I am no uh. Three months you'll get up, but look at all the old thumbnail see as far as the yeah yeah she's, actually the second highest rated episode of last year, yeah I mean the birth only behind the birth of my son. That was eight months ago. My one dream, so I got some time. So everyone please go. Watch that one. You love that Shane is number one. The [ __ ] did that happen, Shane what I didn't even know. We could get shan dazu that my podcast, how did you do this good 9 million views yeah it did that good I have a different channel for mine. Well, I! Guess you guys do too, but this is the original logo. This is right when he started doing his long-form content. Yeah like before he really blew up. He loved you guys, here's the ones! That's I thought your raisa podcast was really good. He's like you should do it. Oh, that was nice of him cuz. He doesn't do any podcast. So the fact that he did that it's like that was yeah. I agree that was really nice, so James Charles is a disgusting monster. I didn't say- and you hate philip defranco, I great and like, and would you have sex with Phil DeFranco Oh No? Why he's got clout he's got money he's old like me, there's just something about him. That's just such like literally dries up my [ __ ] I. Don't know what can you love Jesus and show your [ __ ] yeah hell, yeah Jesus created me. Okay, here we go anyways. Would you date Jesus yeah? What's his name? Oh no James, Caviezel, I love him Danny, DeVito I'm, not as someone who shamed sighs because, like obviously I'm a thicker girl and some people, don't like the girls, I preferred Hall, because I like to look a little. What's your cutoff for tall I mean my bumble 6/1 but I'm open. Well, we asked for six one yeah you can put out. You can put a height filter on there. Do you find a lot of guys find that disrespectful well I? Of course it is but same, but but the way I look at is there's a lot of guys. I don't like to have girls. They want a tiny girl yeah, but you can control your weight. You can't control your height yeah, but sorry, it's a preference I mean that's just wanted it. Okay, look at this way, some guys like there's. This guy was like in love with you only dates like little Latino women like he loves like Colombian like that, and that's just never gonna. Be me. I can't control my race, but that's what he likes like you know some girls, only like black men, like you just you can't control what you like, it's a preference. But how is it? But that's not true, because your rating me very high and I'm five-eleven I'm 11 saw enough, so you should change it to 511 six ones, you're, probably missing a lot, you're, also kind of, like famous, so the fame help lower the side yeah, because you know who I love is Rick Moranis and he's 5 3 I feel like you should lower that 6 1, that's just one: I prefer 6 1, okay, so you're like Bloomberg Bloomberg, any mike mini Michael Bloomberg. You know Paul Paul -. Do you follow the presidential? It was like for the presidency I thought: were nice Anders in the Democratic primary mini Mike Bloomberg, his name's mini Mike Bloomberg. That's what Trump calls him? Okay, let's move on clearly you're, not that hot I liked. My last I thought that you might like him. Cuz he's a billionaire I mean yeah, he's short huh, no I'd rather date. A brother Danny DeVito is out even though he's wealthy accomplished cute handsome cute, not a fan, his work, I, don't think it's and you could probably not get some satisfaction huh. You could boil his head up and use him as a giant dildo I, don't wold either again. I know something you can't control, but very picky. I know no, but yes, six-one! No balding you're, like than enemy of men, everywhere, no I've, gotten some hot guys, so Larry David he'll, know he's tall he's a billionaire he's hilarious, Jewish, unfunniest person, I've ever watched in my entire life. I watched one episode of Curb in my ex-boyfriends, like don't like that. It's about okay, he's like you'll, like this cuz like Lynn Manuel's on it and I was like okay cool like let me watch the episode. It was the unfunny thing and I love Lehman Walmart. He can do no wrong way. I feel, like I'm, sure, he's talented, see, sometimes talent or something like that will override it. So anyways. So I watch that episode and I was like this is so unfunny and then I found out he created Seinfeld or Seinfeld is the worst show I've ever seen in my life. What the [ __ ] Pass, or what am I doing rate rating yes I, feel so bad I think you'd, probably rate me a zero, so well whatever. Who cares what he thinks? He looks like Elton John I'm, not a fan of the Paul brothers I'm, just not okay! He was nice, he's really sweet, but I wish to me. He blocked me on Twitter, though I mean he blocks. Everyone I thought we were homies I, see you're an [, __, ] I think you are like you're, so mean on Twitter, but you still were talking about like my [ __ ]. For so long like you were talking about that for so long and I was like what the [ __ ] well. Well sure yeah, but you haven't blocked me Mike. This is Mike Bloom. There is no Wendy Williams, just a wild card. I like her, maybe she's, see. This is the way I like Tom man but I. Like short women, did you see her rip ass? Okay, it's not on your guys's little Club! You can I'm gonna skip! Oh wait! What? Oh he on my podcast um y-yeah. What do you mean supposed to yeah I think he's coming on next week. If he came on to you, what would you say it's a PI? Would you take a ride? What the was is this is this the you know you just never know what to expect with a guy like that, okay, yeah I think I would with him. He cuz I, like wild I, like I'm, predictable, I, think the only person that could be with me of someone like equally crazy and I feel, like he's a little crazy. Do you like the face tattoo yeah I, don't mind a face that too, you know props to the Mike Tyson. He got this faced at a time when doing such thing was unfathomable. Now the face stat is very entrenched. People thought when they saw he's tatted his face. People were like this dude and now everybody's. All these kids are walking around with face pads. Aaron Carter has a face. Top I mean awful. It's awful. This is one of the worst I've ever seen. I don't mind it. I was hanging out with him. When you had the face, it looks like Anne Frank, who is a he tattooed on his face tiger really good tiger. It looks like a melted, little girl, okay, mr. McDonald, Mitch, McConnell, okay, so like when I say 65 I like like Dennis Quaid, not like this, like you, don't even mean like you have to have like swag so know which of the Kardashians. Would you none? Rob I guess none of those girls, Robert Godfrey's, coming over Mannis yeah, that's gonna close! This is like. Are these the people you're gonna get me because honestly, I quit I'm already walking out like I? Wouldn't just be single. You know, I, just don't like his voice. All right, I heard he's an [ __ ] I heard he doesn't tap like Rob, Schneider doesn't tap and I heard he doesn't tip. These are obvious: yeah Mike Meyer, oh god, you I, don't think, are getting like old school Mike Myers. Looking like fat all this, oh yeah I like him too, but like these he's, probably charming all right. Well, Papa, John, hell yeah! You said he'd sing, all right, I'm ready to me. He looks like someone he looks like someone who might want like a trophy wife like he probably wants tiny like perfect, like I. Don't like what about a mistress? Would you be a mistress to Papa, John I, think I'm, all too old at this point to be and what? Mr. as they want y'all? If Papa John got you in the bedroom and he was like, there was pizza everywhere and he said: I want to incorporate pizza in this sex act. Would you oblige Wow, like inside me, orders on me inside you? Let's start with and say he said, I want to put the slice inside you. It causes bacterial infection. So what? If he says you put pizza in you, not pizza, but sauce. Someone wanted to see like alfredo sauce, because it looks like um and like it gives you. Oh my god, wait how much alfredo sauce- oh we're talking about! Oh I, don't know just like drip it in there. That is putrid. You have good. It goes into your body like what does it matter if it's like up there, intravenously like it doesn't matter so what if he was like I want to do sex act with you, I won't put the pizza inside of you. I will smother your face and pizza while I have sexually I'll cover your face with the unsliced pie. Oh yeah, I think I've done I, don't know before -, not during sex, my job for YouTube and stuff. So I would do it for a sec okay and what, if he covered your whole body, except your vagina and pizza and laid on top of you and you guys had sex just like it's just his game? No, but for film us yeah, yeah friends of him or was it kind of like no, it's friends, weird dogs, you guys talk to each other, I'll, send him your bio. Did you tell me what a nine million dollar house so he's like all right, I'll, be your friend, no I can't tell him that I feel, like only rule, would be from other rich people. Everyone told me that soon as I got your podcast like what why people saying that everyone tweeted me at all, because I called you poor or something, oh, you did call that's right. Maybe that's why it's not a fifteen million dollar house song who was a 15-minute one company I'm, just kidding geez! Well, okay, there's no problem: Mick Jagger Oh! Is he dead? No, it looks like it, but no he's still alive, yeah Oh No, so these are obvious Jeffrey's. Are we just sex with Geoffrey, sir? Oh yeah for sure I very, very much attracted to him, but he's single now and you guys were just traveling. Was there any sexual tension uh? No, he likes a man. Man like he likes some more I'm with him. He doesn't he's not interested in women. Not me anyways, I, don't I! Think we just like a good friendship. I, don't think it's gonna be like that. If he whipped it out was like Tricia I need you right now, I mean I. Probably do that with anyone to be honest, anything yeah, but it's -. What was that? Why is it that you would do that with anybody? I, don't know it's like you think I haven't a somewhat of an addiction, or maybe it's like an addiction to like attention. You have a sex addiction. You feel like well I, just I'm gonna oblige you right now. I'm gonna help you I'm gonna whip their dick out or something in here. No, no I'm, just I'm fascinated by that like what's the limit, are you at the bus stop and somebody whips it out? No, it has to be like obviously so many more no way. I can't be like in a bus. Stop like one really. What about at a bar, I wouldn't suck at the part you do like go home. He's like hey I, want to take you home right now, okay, yeah, and it doesn't matter who they are. People I. Think no! Thank you, but I'm very interested by this see on one hand, you're saying six one and no Bowl at people, but at the other time, you're saying: hey catch me somewhere and I, probably [ __ ], you. If you show me your dick, it just depends on the mood right. It depends on which Tricia shows up that day. Have you had weird nights where you went with someone strange and it turned kind of like creepy or bad yeah I'm not almost been murdered. Somebody tell me: do you have any interesting Oh, we say the same story. They like I've, told them on here. I could always see the same stories. I've gotten like shot at a couple times. I haven't heard any of these stories. I, don't think I feel like I've talked about these I got shot a couple times. I got like a hammer like from me: yeah. No, we don't hand out. I, always say these stories, that's like kind of boring. Really people watch it. Okay, we heard this I had a guy that just like to like shoot at your head, but he was like [ __, ] up and so like what he likes to shoot at your head. It was like you got off like like almost killing you'll, be like I'm, not such a good shot like I'm, not going to and you're like shooter Roger. So tell me about the situation where I was standing again. The house in the house yeah yeah yeah yeah I was oh, my god I was only 22. I was like [ __ ]. Out of my mind, I mean obviously now some was like. Let me should have gone at you, I'd be like [ __ ]. No, but so where is there a house? You can shoot a weapon in Malvo, so it was like up in like it it's hard to describe like you know, you can go up like a hill and there's like there's like house on a hill. Like a glass house he's wealthy, you know who he is still do. I know who yes tell ya, you think he's murdered. Other I mean you know no, no, because he was shooting a weapon in your head. Yeah I know other girls he's on it too, though, so it seems only natural to assume that he may have killed somebody. Oh I'm, I, don't know, but I know that you think you should report that to the police. No because it was like consensual, it wasn't like it was I. Don't know that you can consensually murder. Somebody I think it's like asphyxia. You want people like to be asphyxiated during exactly, but if you kill somebody during a fishin, it's still man later trip. Tell me so. Will you tell me who is like the house like ruined after oh yeah, but like? Were you prostituting at the time? Yes, but I was not prostituting with him. Oh, why I just like like to him I should say: oh yeah. Well, it's like wow. Is he famous I hate, saying the story, cuz I feel like people start like putting pieces. So can you tell me the whole situation from the beginning? Like tell me? First of all, how did you meet this guy and tell him just let's start from there? Well I met him through I'm, it's gonna sound bad cuz. It's cuz I'm, like I'm backtracking, but I did meet him through the person who booked me for escorting. Okay go. It was that situation, but I told him. I didn't want money. I was like oh I'm, like really excited to like hang out like I. Don't I don't need money. I was just like into drugs and stuff. As I. Can we just kind of drug through the denim Oh God? He was doing oxys and I just did coke at the time we think and to me that was like expenses. I was like I need all he had coke for you, even though he was doing oxy yeah. That's a man who's prepared to shoot a weapon at Oprah. He had everything he was ready for Herron I, actually only shop here in one time, but he had it at the time. I didn't do it with him, but I was too scared. He has like I'm ready, like I'll, wrap your arms like this at the time I didn't but um. He had everything. So you go over to his house and is there anyone else there? No just you - and story more, but it just sounds so like stupid and quickly. I sound stupid, so I'm fascinated I want it all had like it was. It was. It was such a weird situation because, like we hung out after this happened, so as I'm saying like okay I went to his house, thinking like oh we're, just gonna like hook up and that's it and then after I kind of felt bad for Mike, I, just kind of felt. Sad and like we would go like this sounds bad or, like I know, you were say like report at the police, but like we'd go to like Chucky Cheese, but it wasn't for anything literally other than like. He wanted to be like a dad and I was like a daughter. I was like 22 or something so he just wanted to be like a dad figure. You know what I mean. What is this man um? Fifty I don't know I know forties. Maybe he was in his 50s when you were 22 at the time, though you're saying yeah he's 50 now he looks good, no uh I, don't know like in his 40s, probably okay yeah. Then he was definitely older. But tell me the events leading or the shooting I feel like people gonna know, because I feel, like a lot of girls. Have this story and I feel like a lot of girls are told it well I think this story is probably I. Think this guy's probably killed someone I, don't think so think about it. He's shooting a gun in here, but it wasn't like. Let me kill, you is what I'm saying. Well, it's pretty close anyway. It's just interesting. It's just consensual. Just so everyone knows everything. Yes, consensual, I want to know the story, I think yeah. He was then did you ever sign an NDA? Oh, you did but I think I can say it without saying his name. Why would he make you say anything about shooting a gun at your head? Oh I, don't know I don't be probably about NDA's and I talked too much about Indies are not that they're, not no! No, there's no way it would I, don't think it would apply when a gun in India it works when you're like in business. It doesn't work when you go to someone's house in your doing drugs and they're shooting guns here. You know what I mean yeah like there are limits to NDA. Really, of course. Obviously, oh I'm, like rethinking so much in my life this past year, I, could go to the police, but I guess like I guess. If someone does something illegal, the NDA is null and void. Oh, it doesn't have to course, and also you were too young, like the fact that you consented at the time doesn't mean there's much so many ways for an NDA in this situation. Yeah. First of all, you didn't have a lawyer you're, very young you're, an advantage of you. You aren't drugged, I mean yeah. You yeah simple fact that you weren't drugs when you signed it dealer gentleman really. Yes, of course, well I've got a lot of things to settle them, because, like this past year has been so crazy with NDA's and lout [ __ ], but like what this year I just signed. So many like under the I told you like last okay, I was sober last time. I was here, I had a little like a drug thing at the end of December, but I'm good again, but I feel like I signed. So many things when I was on drugs last year, all invalid. Really, how do they? Well? You know what trying to date and let's talk about the the shooting thing, because I am fascinated by this, so you go to his house. Was this on the first date or the second thing where he shot at you. First tell me about the evening from you show up at his house, just show up to his house and then like I. Just did so like I was just doing a bunch of coke I think it was laced with something cuz I felt so nauseous and sick I wasn't a coke expert back then I'm, still not a coke expert. Now so I don't really know I think it was like probably laced or something and I just remember, being really hooked up and I. Remember we had sex but like he wasn't getting like he wasn't staying hard. You just [ __ ] up on oxy yeah, but you shouldn't see heart with oxys right, usually like mollies and stuff you get [, __ ] up but or maybe not I, don't think I! Think drugs generally don't help ragazze, but you guys had sex. So tell me you guys you made up you're hanging out, you have sex and then at what point? Does he take out a gun? He just said he could get heart if he could shoot so, we've got to shoot a gun and I was like okay and I said: can you just stand there and I? Don't remember I, honestly, don't remember for me: I, like a left right away, because I thought he was going to kill me because I was [, __ ] up so I. Remember, I just got in my car like love, but don't, but your you're skimming that I. Don't remember. I swear to God, like I. Don't want to get this mixed up because, like I, don't I've told this story so many times about the guns. So this is the part we know he pulls up the gun, yeah and he says I can get hard if I can shoot my gun. Yeah he's like it turns him on to shoot guns which I've to be honest. I've heard that for like a few other guys that they get like turned on like shooting, so the like shoot cans like in their backyard or some [ __ ]. But did he point the gun at you yeah? He told me to stand over there and just shot around my head. That's what I remember! That's, how I remember it, how many shots three? Maybe and how close were they on like a wall yeah, it was like I'm literally trying to remember so hard because, like I can't where they're already holes in the wall- yeah- oh you know like if you go to Elvis's house, not to bring up all the sand, but like there's like holes in his TV. Still like you know, you shot the TV all the time like it was like Elvis's house and actually not ironically, this guy's a huge fan of all of us, and he talked about being an Elvis fan quite frequently. So hasn't me. Do that I don't know, but so you got up to a wall with other gunpoint and how close were the bullets? Could you tell were they really far over they like? No, they were close. That's why I was like oh I should leave, because I honestly thought I was gonna die I. Would too I mean that's like my only crazy, like shocking story that is shocking, I, don't I! Don't like this is my life, because, like honestly, this happened one time it's happened to like other girls, I, don't want to sound like. Oh, my god, so you immediately left. Did you tell your associate about it like the guy who's, your pimp, I, guess, yeah, there's a girl and she's like oh, but it's so, and so so I was like okay wow! That's why I went out the next day, cuz honestly! Well, it wasn't well they're like that's fine. They normalized it yeah and then it didn't happen the second day because I go to his house mmm, but he was I. Think that's just what people do I think there's just some kinks people have and I think some people are okay with it like I think that guys killed people know there was a youtuber. Remember those that YouTube couple that like held the book means like shoot me shoot the book. Do you remember yeah I know he died, but that was just they're bozos. Well, I put you up against the wall, okay, but what I'm saying it was consensual, shooting he's like shoot me and like okay? Okay, do you know what I mean like I'm trying to compare it? To that? So doesn't sound, so [, __, ], crazy, I feel like people are gonna, be so concerned for me, like, oh my god. Well, it happen. Well, it's been a long time right like what, ten years ago, like I, don't consensual. Shooting is a thing of the past. If even if someone has a gun, I'm like oh I, actually am scared of guns like truly like truly, but in fact it's fun for you to find. Not fine, fine I think it's fine for you to look back at it now and see how [ __ ] up that was I. Get really scared. People are gonna like commit me again. That's why when I tell these stories, I'm, like, oh god, yeah I was coming at last you're just telling a stories right now. Your mental fitness wow I was a long time ago. Yeah, but I, don't know I get nervous. You know it's such a scary place like I feel, like people can like arrest you on the internet. Now like like you have to do that. Like you've been committed before mm-hmm last year, who committed you February 5th 2019 for um. It was like an attempted suicide. Okay. This is not what this was intended. Suicide I ran off a gurney at cedars-sinai and they had a like restrain me and then I, like you're [, __ ], going to Al Hamra mental hospital. Why were you there? Um? Oh because I took too many pills? Okay, so they considered that unattended suicide, which it wasn't but but yeah, but you're still worried about people like watching this and then being like. We got a packer away, yeah my life, if you're ever in a mental hospital there, it's like the worst experience ever. They like treat you like, [ __ ], like there's other crazy people in there they don't check on you, crazy people just like come underneath the shower, isn't [ __ ]. It's like it's, no offense I'm, not saying crazy in a bad way. Cuz I was in there, so [ __, ], I'm crazy, but um yeah, it's bad anyways. How long were you in that yeah three days? You have to be in that three days, so you just kind of sobered up and then they evaluate it and let you go I said that to my second, because you get to a doctor and I was like I'm fine like I was [, __, ], drunk or whatever Wow. That sounds awful. All those things not awful, but you survived you're a survivor. Oh my god. No one's gonna want to date me. After all, it's well people like it I'm telling you okay, I'm up fried those are all my demons. They feel well. I have a lot more, but oh yeah, oh yeah, I'm sure, there's many many I'm just scratching the surface, I feel like I'm. Not so deep and I felt so weird about it after, like weird well shape. That's what we do here, everybody, it's good! It's yes, but you're, so worried, yeah, I, know I, don't know! I could tell when we got to that part. When we started talking about the shooting, you were really comfortable. You didn't want to talk. What, if he does come, tell me like I, don't know! Oh, so you are worried about him. I'm not worried about him, but you think he's dangerous, I, don't think he's dangerous! I think you just never know anyone know about me like that's why I got blocked by all my ex-boyfriends, like they think I'm, crazy, so well, I, I, I am concerned about whoever that is and I would like a name, no I'm just getting enough to name it. But you make you talk, ya, know: cuz you're, gonna name him I tried. Oh wow, your row, you can I, wouldn't name I, wouldn't break your confidence. I told somebody I was on a shitty podcast. As on until the story, I told her after, like I got out, only people like started like really also people are gone out and he didn't kill you anyway. Okay, this is bad god. I get in so much trouble on it. Cause I'm fascinated by this story. I mean it's crazy. Oh that's like way, crazier that than anything I've ever yeah cuz. You guys have been together. What like 10 years, were you gonna? Do that are crazy, yeah yeah, but even sad I watch. Her guys is how we met story. You said you never like one out or anything. So how are you gonna get in anything crazy? We've got some crazy, [ __ ]. Nothing like that, though. It doesn't even like to leave the house so yeah [, __ ] of a nine million dollar house. Why would you wanna leave? Can I come? It's not that's! It's not like I want to come. Where is it close to here? I'm like I'm, not gonna, say. Is it close by 30 minute drive in LA can I come. You know, I am saying no comment about our house. I can't come to your house. No I. Just don't want to talk about it. Mines up mine was out there. The minute I moved in I feel like I was just in there. Oh is that legal everybody knows about it. Oh [ __ ]! Well, you know whatever the pie come, kill me cuz I'm by myself, you guys at least have each other so and I'm out there. They put it out there right away like holla, yeah I know it's impossible. Well, we tried so hard to keep our address safe and other friends to who bought a house around the same time. There's I think there's somebody at City Hall who who they they tap for that info, because we trust yes, we use lawyers and accountants and we did everything like you're supposed to buy the water at rice and everything and they found out in three days. It's there's a website called dirt that always gets it and then it's owned by variety and variety publishers, I would like to sue them and it happened. So many other friends messaged me like how does this keep happening because we're about to buy a house? And we don't know how to avoid it, and it's like it happens to everyone. Let me tell you, no, that's crazy. That seems like crazy that that's legal cuz when that happened. It happened the day. I moved in like three days after we moved in, and you know what we moved, because we were getting swatted like our that's. Our safety was, was uh I'm, trying to I'm trying to show you something here. Cuz I heard that and I was like what the [ __ ]. Another thing we guys a Clive or something is how they knew where you guys were no. No, they just it just got leaked I'm, trying to show you something but yeah it's this guy who owns dirt calm. He has apparently moles everywhere, but variety which is a so they have this like they have this like shelter, calm, but variety does there'd, always ones that publish it. So I think it's I, think it's totally insane and I think that you know I want to show you the guy. This is the guy something Bad's gonna happen. I want to show you who these guys are because I think there's a should be sued. We could well I asked my lawyer, you know, and he says he says they don't tell you the address, but they show the Zillow listing yeah. They show you everything that in like it's like showing you one plus one equals mine, they show the number on the house right, exactly I know actually lives in this neighborhood and I was like well, okay, yeah. Why late? No I want to sue the modern I have to find a lawyer. Who's just got to get his [ __ ] head at us cuz. Some of these lawyers are just trying to find this guy's name he's. This is a guy who owns dirt and he works for a variety. This is the guy here. This is him right here and I just want to say how do you know that he owns dirt? This is James McLain editor of dirt variety, editor he's the guy who runs dirt. Comm, look! Here's article I'm, just saying this: guy's posting our house everywhere. So here's this guy's [ __ ] stupid face. Oh my god are you gonna put this out. There James been hired as editor at large for varieties, dirt publications coverage of breaking real estate news I mean this is the guy who runs dirt he's dope. This is the guy who gets everybody's address. I don't want to do this, I feel like he's gonna like something bad will happen. Why is a public oracle? Nobody knows James McLain, it's like me talking about the shooting like it just brings something up and like he's gonna get pissed at you. If we're talking about it, I hope he does get pissed to me. He needs to know what he's doing is [ __ ] up we're so brave I. This guy's, a [ __ ], he's in danger when you think about James McLean, a variety and there are doing some of the shadiest most working people in trains. We're doing this guy he's like the paparazzi. They hate celebrities, they're jealous of their success, and they want any I feel like this. Guy wants people to die. You have to we were we were our safety was in danger. That's why we moved to begin with. We didn't want to move, and this [ __ ] guy is cool with posting our address online. Three days after we moved so that's James, McLean the legend behind dirt, whose docks all of my friends who have moved and will be sure to die everyone. Every single person know it like gives me such a bad vibe like I, really hate it like you've been talking about it like makes me scared, you're on this website, dirt mm-hmm the day, don't bring it up, because you keep bringing up my house how much your house cost. Oh I, just rent my house, a rental base, docks do on a rental. That's why I'm saying and it's not under founder, my name: I have I, have a mail address, mm-hmm dude, that's so it's um and but the reason because I did I owned a house, and that was up there and said you know what let me just like rent this under a different name, all the stuff like that and that didn't work, good good. It's no creepy I want to find out his address and and make an article about James mcclain, editor of of dirt look into a beautiful new house. It's so gross see how that feels. Douche [ __ ] put your house on there yet [, __ ], so gross I got sick. I got Jeffrey security, so there's like lasers on my property. Now so after like midnight. No for real. These are users yields a people with a laser gun. You can't it's like legal, it's like okay, so I, don't know how I can tell you the security people later, but like they're like high-tech. So after Jeffrey's, like thing got broken into his like warehouse, he got hired this company, [ __ ] amazing Oh. What they're here so you have late. You have leave. What is that acknowledging awesome? I, don't kill people no, but you can thank specimens app yeah. You can like stunt people bro. You have a laser gun. When nobody told me I could get laser into my property. That's gotta be expensive and it's not like you're gonna become friends with Jeffrey's I know I, like his laser gun. I want to fight. If someone comes to my house, I'd like to laser their [ __ ] ass yeah, that's what you should do, especially cuz. You have like a kid and stuff. Oh yeah I have a weapon. That was why let me move cuz. We got swatted twice, but the story was with the kid right: oh, we were in a gated community with a guard 24-hour guard. Oh that's good! That I'll hold on your help, but ultimately the police are called this still better, I. Think so far the gate. The police know that our address, if they get a call, they know that it's likely a phony phone and the guards know and the guards know they do wellness checks on me so like mine, but they know now not to come because I was getting wellness checks on me like every morning, like 3:00 a.m. I was like okay. This is so much yeah. People like has, they know like me, history so like were they actually concerned for you or just no, no actually I've been fine. I mean in the past. Up I've been like crying I get it like. I've had one those checks per so I'm like oh I, don't want any that's up online anymore, and this specifically in this new place, I kept getting wellness checks and I was like. So annoying yeah. What if you actually kill yourself, then they'll feel bad? That's why I asked them I said well what if I was just like laying here dead and I? Didn't answer the door like? Well, we don't really do anything, they don't like kicking a door or anything. So if you don't know much of a wellness check more like are you a live check? Like you're looks like a flex finger you up you up yeah. Maybe they should just do that. Okay and then I told them when I got [, __ ] laser, so don't come on my property and you're, like you have to like have a thing that says it and stuff like that. I don't know it's like so my bro. What I know be like warning: you're on private rocks, like they're being called like it's loud as [ __, ] yeah. There's nobody balanced or was it an accident, false alarm, someone bounced cuz, you know and my neighborhood people like to check car doors so like I'm, gay, obviously, but like the meat was open when I first moved in I was a whole thing anyways. So the guy was like checking and he like bolted because, like it went off at that time there wasn't lasers, but then I was like. Let me get the [ __ ]. Laser is because then now I'm property on the property it sounds like lasers will go up, I mean it's like a stun. It's like a stun. It's not like a you're shooting epic as [ __, ], yeah you'd, have to put a warning, I think I, think I. Think it's legal in so many trouble that one told me I'm going to jail because I cut up money on my nails, someone's like that's illegal. He can't cut money up. It's like a felony! Oh well! Don't worry about that. You think I got really nervous. Today, I was posting assuming I'm cutting up a twenty dollar bill, I'm. Putting on my nails and I was like after I expose you, your own nails. No, no I went somewhere. I wanted the money inside after I exposed your earnings. You now know that I was right and that your channel was not he monetized right. Thank you, okay, okay, good Weibo, but to that I really really would see monetize for so long cuz again, why would I be like? Let me just show you right now like. Why would I do that? If I thought it was actually monetize I had no idea sure we can't really even debate this. It was obviously monetized the whole time. Nobody had a lot of money if I knew that. Why would I I think you didn't? You didn't anticipate that I could actually go in that easy and show your analytics earnings. Why didn't know eyebrows like didn't care like I could have been like no I'm not doing this I don't feel comfortable I, like I literally thought that well it's possible, you didn't know his monetize, but you were adamantly defending and saying that it was not monetized when it was but I got you a lot of views on your Clips channel. Absolutely like Ethan calls herself for a lie. I did you haven't done anything like that this time? What's gonna be the clickbait for that clip channel today, there's no clickbait, let's just get back to the dating. So we've talked so what kind of man you looking for penis size, four to eight, that's pretty generous I mean your your ket you're gonna catch a lot of dicks height. You like a tall guy but you're, open, I'm, open, wait, chubby, skinny, anything I'm up anything huh, you're, open to anything. I have a lot of skinny guys, which is not my type but like I, get a lot of skinny but I like muscular I'll. Take a muscle guy, you like it all I like it. Okay, great! What's your dream, occupation for them, yeah, that's I'm, saying I! Think you have to be like a billionaire CEO or no occupation, or just on the [ __ ] deadbeat yeah, like I, don't so what are you? What are you like? These guys cuz they work. They have jobs. You have jobs, someone who's, just gonna, be it's totally dependent on you, so anyone is thinking about applying quit your job. Yeah! That's awesome! We have a we're. Gonna happen. You saying tiny, dick any size, no job. This is gonna, be great I like I. Do like a guy. That's like super rich to I. Don't want him between us. What I'm saying I, don't like mediocre and okay? Okay, there you want to cure the other, so you have to be extraordinary, shitty human, being no prospects or Tony Stark personality. What's your ideal personality I'm funny funny mm-hmm I like a funny guy. So if you're not funny, if you don't look good sense of humor, don't don't get if you're a serious person I, don't think it's sooo! Many serious people would be interested in you to begin with no I, don't think so either. Well, not a lot of people are interested me period. To begin with, so might be hard. I'm scared. Okay, no I, disagree, I! Think well by the way GRE do you have any STDs? No, no, no herpes hepatitis, [ __ ]. Now I had a huge scare. Last year, with a youtuber who told my last boyfriend had [ __ ] herpes [ __ ] that [ __ ] I, don't have I, would [ __ ], say it I would say if I had only as sees you got more curable, I had chlamydia twice: oh it yeah. That's it: okay, yes, Oh! Technically HPV! Okay, that's fine! Everybody has that! That's right! You know! That's what I think if someone's like known everyone. Doesn't my doctor like it's like the flu and I like all right, I heard that 90% of everybody has HPV yeah heard that too and guys it doesn't affect them yeah only and women just get cancer from it. Not a big deal. Yeah, it's fine yeah I mean everyone dies, I'm well, I'm, just kidding. Actually, so we've got personality, whatever mukbang dude. If you want a guy who can MOOC Bank? Oh you want a guy who pulled put alfredo sauce in your vision. No I saw Swan your vision, no sighs, no sighs, um I I. Don't care much about MUC begging, because I'm trying not to do that as much, also trying to lose weight. You're. Trying to lose weight what's so hard because I was on your channel recently. It's all eating. You have not been making a very strong effort. I know, I almost got some that cream cheese right here is gonna bring like who even thinks to do that. You bought french fries, it's already deep-fried and everything breaded whatever, and then you take cheese at home and you milk, it's a popular trend, actually that everybody does that they put extra cheese. So you can get like everybody ya know. If you do mock, bangers eating cheese, compilation, that's a huge thing: they all, but the cheese you're, the better you guys, who even thinks do that it's not your world, you gotta, really be into the world. I love! My fingers, I watch what's in I know so how many times per week would you want to have sex Oh God? Well, my last relationship was like six times a day. Six times a day, you got those penis injections, I think it'll dry, the last time, but yeah do you mean a penis injection? You did a blog about it. I don't know it's like. He got his penis injected with like blood or some way. Who are we talking about Jason Jason would inject his penis. He got it done at like a doctor's I mean he talked about. This is not like a secret. Hey. Tell me more tell me what is it like when we first started dating? It was like sex like once a week, uh-huh and then I was like wasn't enough for you right. So that was like a couple times a week, okay and then like towards the end. He was getting these like penis injections and that was like sweet. We talked about it sound like he loved you, because I think that was everything he went got it done like 10 times, I. Think I, don't know if it lasts forever. Everybody you go to the doctor, you get an injection, your penis any, and how long does that last um I don't know, because we did it right at the end of our breakup, so for two months, I were having sex like six times a day. Also it gives you a stimulation for a while yeah he another girl, boner calm. Another boner like it was crazy, but I think I keep going back and I think it could cause like heart problems or something I. Don't know there was like something to it and yeah like killing the poor guy I'm for it he did it for a vlog and so I was like alright for a vlog. That sounds like an excuse. Well, how much of your penis getting shown a vlog, zero I think David's channel. He can show penises I think he's allowed to do whatever he wants. I'm, okay, I'm, pretty sure. That's not true! He is but like do I remember they like showed going to the doctor and get it's like a where they mix your blood and inject it I. Don't know that sounds terrifying yeah, but I would love to have sex time today before him. I had time today, I think my penis falls off after doesn't that's a few times know my last boyfriend before him too was like. It was maybe like three to four times a day and then my first boy for when his 18 I was like sometime today, 7 to 10 times a day. He was crazy, Anthony Michael Hall from Breakfast Club, okay, he was a sex fiend. He liked what no sex like 10 times a day. It was crazy, I, don't know how that's possible fit to do. That's like when you're at home and there's nothing to do. You have anything to do. This was after dark night and before he started getting popping again with like these I. Don't know these popping, but you say Anthony Michael, home I'll say it. Cuz I said all day long he's got a huge dick and he can talk for a 10-10 like this was your first boyfriend yeah type in our names together, Anthony Michael, Hall, Trisha Paytas. Who is this? What is it I saw? He was in Batman from The Breakfast Club he's from The Breakfast Club in sixteen Candles Edward Scissorhands, oh yeah I, don't know hands a dead zone. He doesn't do much. No, there was us. So there was me when I was 18 or not 19 there. Well, he was a bit older. He was 44, oh my god was he doing penis injections no, and he looks all creepy I'm not gonna lie I was in love with him. Did he like weird [ __ ] in the sack yeah? He was freaky he's engaged now, which is so crazy because he's been single with no kids for so long and I was I, don't he's like randomly and guys before you. You don't took my side, my side, that was my thumbnail. That was a couple I used. It was like how to look innie. Thank you. So I can look but don't wear [ __ ] was he into. He looks like he's in the weird [ __ ] um. He was just into really like, like Daddy Dom stuff. You know just very like choking in that kind of [ __ ] yeah. Why he's doing it he's cute like I was so in love with him. I was so I mean he he was had like ten girlfriends, but I was in love with him. Okay, I, don't know. Why did we bring you there? You have it I think we've got a good overview of Trisha Paytas mm-hmm I think that our target demo is probably give me more along the lines of a jobless dependence, but I wanna also want like a brad pitt. Celebrity -. Can we have a mix, and you said you wouldn't be interested in Papa, John, yeah I, don't think those hat in them as cowboy boots in the ring, but I asked oh he's freshly divorced, so it might be too soon. That's my job. One kind of girl, Papa John's gonna, go after yeah. Do we know what his ex-wife looks like I, don't know, let's look, let's find out. I always think they were married. Papa, John, ex-wife, let's see, Wow, yes, she's, pretty she's a good Kentuckian Wow, a Kentuckian en to me. That could be me in like 20 years how old she is they've been. He said they were together for like 30 plus years. Well, damn. How does he he's like in his [ __ ] 60? He look bomb, though he looked like good right or 50s late 50s and he also lied about not eating 40 pieces. You love calling people out on their lives cuz. He did not eat 40 pizzas in 30 days. Well, you know he says I had it's like what come on well, I just want to get to the truth. Trish um, so we've got, we've know Trisha Paytas. We understand the person, we know what we're looking for in this season of The Bachelorette. Now my question is: I want to have guys, submit videos. We're gonna, have you back in here again in like a week or two we're gonna have guys submit videos and we'll Whittle it down to the top contestants, like The Bachelor, you've seen that show yeah with the rose ceremony and everything. So what I would suggest these guys do is send in their own mukbang video. They can give us a bio about themselves. Tell us about themselves while doing a MOOC bank. Ok, and how are they submitting this like on YouTube they're gonna? Send us an unlisted video, unlisted or listed I'm gonna just send us a video I'm, so scared, no one's gonna apply people will apply, is asking for him. Welcome asking for a lot like was it for someone who's not used to making videos or Little Caesars, but they can't afford it if they're unemployed little so they can eat just even one regular date just eat your lunch. Do you think I mean it's easy to do? Mook. You can look thing anything french fries! You have suggestions very easy to move, Bank things flat, fries yeah! Just do your best just be eating something I mean you want to impress this girl right. People will apply, oh my god, I'm hoping that people will at least want to be on our show minimum at the minimum. I guess: ok, turn that happened that someone wanted to see Anna Nicole at her fattest. So maybe someone a one day me kind of looked that up and remember where she was fabulous. Remember and she like she got this loser. She was on Millionaire Matchmaker and he, like she happy any pickles on their date in the limo. Oh man, oh, is this real? No, now that way, that's photo shots ridiculous. Who would do such a thing, so her arms are enormous. That's me, my arms are so big got that thing, I, think kind of like insulting. So let's get these videos going guys send them at podcast at h3h3 productions. Calm, we'll put the put the email in the description. I was thinking that but I wonder if that will like do a weird like spam, just emails podcast at h3h3 productions. Calm, send us your a link to your video. Don't you could say whatever you want, but I want to know about you in the video. Keep the video I would say maximum. It can be recorded on a phone. You know write like and it yes yeah just tell us about yourself: eat some food. You know, we've heard it all, so you have a gem here. How much are you worth I, don't know. Give me a ring. I know how much when you have in my bank account how much a lot, because I'm kind of cheap I mean I'm kind of cheap I spent a lot of music videos. I'm kind of cheap but you'll yield is good. You'll treat for it. Yeah I'm, not a bad boy. You'll treat your boy. Oh yeah, we can live at least 20 years together. If we don't work, seven figures: oh yeah, I'm, ABS, we're all youtubers right. Eight figures, yeah I, spend a lot NES up learning. That's why I'm mastering out only bands how much you make per session on all of them. That's a lot I showed on my ID showed on my video. It's crazy. The amount of money I just started this like two months ago. Obviously, people are interested if they're making money on only fans. Oh yeah man, my only friends, is good I'm, not gonna lie like I. Want you to make first session. Are you comfortable say? Will you get pay like daily off of it? I? Think mm-hmm? Oh, you don't say: okay, it's like goodbye figures. Oh yeah, no I mean they won't hit. My profile down. I didn't feel like a year ago and I'm like. Can you think I'm good or they'll like keep you on there forever, even Chris Thalia? Who always has he hates game he's still on there he's like I, [, __, ] hate this [ __ ] and like no? They don't take your profile down once you're on there you're on there forever. Well, I. Don't want call you out, but I was just curious. What they did take mine down just was not even legit. Well I gotta I can get I can give you a contact there. No I know the main guy. He comes up to me all the time I saw that Beetlejuice on Broadway is like I'm. The owner I see Cameron whatever I, don't know what to take. My [ __ ] profiles, everything. How much is it to get a cameo from you, I think I used to do it and do people buy it still. Yeah I think you're almost getting expired, I'm like I'm. Not what do you do then? Do you deliver them? No, no! No! Well! What happens to the money? They don't charge them I, don't think! Oh, what the [ __ ] I'll do a shout out for some I'll just do it for free I. Don't care like that to me felt weird for like a minute: I was like okay, I get it I like okay, but if you want to see me like square I'm, gonna charge you, you know what I mean but, like you think, hi I'll say hi anyway, so you make over ten thousand dollars per only fans, masturbating shesh, yeah I, could bring in my computer on that one! That's good money. Do you think people pay me $10,000 watch me jerk off, maybe guys like that? No guys, you don't take a card of akkad. Oh he does it. He doesn't only fans and he's like a bigger guy and I think what makes pretty good I'm in the top-10 1% I'm like what is it it's a specific website, yeah yeah, it's like! Oh, my god, you're calm, it's a Kasai, it's like YouTube for for maybe it's like twitch twitch for for porn. It's not wife that we actually love. Now you can do like I. Don't do live so you just have private videos there. Yes, I do like oh I do like a have to pay to get access to it. Yes and then on top of that, you can send videos out for tips so like if someone wants this very specific thing like I, want to see you [ __ ] like a realistic, hawk or something okay, and that's an extra whatever and the alfredo video is on there. That was so that's a message where I sent out to all the subscribers so like a messenger is a tip. You have to pay us yet, but it's available for extra yeah. Somebody wants to see alfredo sauce coming on your vagina yeah. Only Trish comm is maybe end of the URL. Then is really interesting and well. Okay, we'll get you a membership for your birthday. Oh I, don't know when this goes up. None right because right now, I'm offering a discount did you did you get a lot of new subscribers after our last episode, so I wasn't doing when we can I was doing patreon and yes, so I was doing patron. A lot has changed since our last one. So patreon you can't like touch yourself, then I found only fans and that one full throttle [ __ ], do whatever and that's where I start make the money I still do pitch around here and there, but, like only fans like took [ __ ] over, it was crazy. So after that I got my podcast and I got the only fans, and it's very it's a weird situation, because people come on my podcast I'm all serious and then it's like right after, like Sheva dildo up you could you imagine like after you're done with the podcast, you like you're, like I gotta, go like master way and squirt all over the right. It goes on my phone, my computer, everything it's like crazy, you're, a squirter yeah, that's what they like on there. Anyone can you can I mean anyone being right. Anyone can, if you just stick one of those like massage head things right in the middle it like causes all of it to squirrel it just didn't ever didn't we just proved long ago that squirting is just pee. I mean it's an orgasm like I. Can't like are you just peeing, be honest: I think there is that, like when, okay, so sometimes girls like leak on a penis I, think that's being I. Think when you squirt it's calm, because you can see it, it's not yellow. You can see like the difference between P well P. It mom has a little bit of texture to it. A girl's. Calm has texture to it like a guys. Come does. Obviously a guy is jizz is different than P, but yeah I'm I think you put a tarp down. What do you or do you work? My bed is a way your back, get really wet. Yeah I think I sleep in it like three times a three times a week. Maybe I have like you, don't put anything down when you know it's natural, it's [, __ ], whatever yeah, but it's just wet. It's like spilling water on you, I think what do you come and if I can leaks out like it's on the bed, I prefer not to come on my bed. Where do you go I mean somewhere where you can not fester in your own bodily fluids? Okay, but like if you're on someone's body I could still leak over, it could score under the bed, but if you have some spillage or something that's different, but if you just straight-up squirting on your bed, that's a little a lot of, because I feel like it's orgasm but I love. It I think that well sure, but I think the texture that you're I mean obviously there's like vaginal lubricant when you yes doing a sex act, I think what you're observing is probably that mixing with your yeah. No, it is said that they say it's like mixed with yarn dan. Do you want to see it I'll show you the video who's, the single one out there I forget. What does anyone know? There's no longer, so is that boss, I'm not like well you'll, have to ask their girlfriends, but we're gonna take care of it. So do you want a guy who's into squirting? Oh no I'm, not even into it I just do it firm, I, actually, really like them every once, a very cool! Do you drink a lot of water before you? Do it to maximize your squirting? No I never thought about doing that. I can squirt pretty far so I don't need to it goes. It goes like down to the wall. Is that why you're so popular on there so insane? You know what I found the technique. It's that massager, instead of putting it on your clip, put it right in the middle and then it's all angles. Well, it's probably because it's just like a like a gardening. You know water all over the lawn like take your word, for it can I recommend something too yeah drink a shitload of water for your nose, oh, and just because it's that's what I'm gonna suggest can I give a pro tip and I think this is your body you're beat dude you're peeing all over your bed? That's what you're doing that's a pro tip so for blue squirt, drink Powerade I did that before I drink, a gallon of our aid and it was blue squirt and people were [, __ ] stuck. It was like Avatar in that [ __ ]. No, it was blue. It me my cuz I drank like they're like I. Don't know why drink two of those like big I, drank a Powerade and it was crazy. Oh I have to find that video that one you need to show on the podcast. No, you do drink a lot of fluids before I, don't but I. It was just so happened to that day, because I wanted my tongue to be blue cuz. It was a request. Like can you have like a blue tongue when you like, stuck like a realistic, dick or something I was like all right and so I is specific. Ass requests and I was like okay and so I had the the blue tongue, and then, when I did my thing, then I was like. Oh my god, it was blue. A [ __ ] score everywhere was insane so quick 30 seconds boom, then I think everyone at home just I mean there's all Franklin, there's clearly a lot of guys who are interested in and meeting you and well I wanna. Everybody wants, like literally every guy, wants to [ __ ] meet because no that's not I go bragh. That's cuz! I'm like easy. It's like! Okay, that's easy person to [ __ ], but it's like I've never had a guy, but like no I, don't wanna [, __ ] you I would pass every time and I'm not I'm. Only saying that, because you just basically claimed that I want to [ __ ], you cuz, you said every guy I'm saying like in the situation. Obviously you're. Obviously people who are married I'm, not saying like everyone, no I'm saying any guy. That's like encountered me and like we're already like hanging out. Okay, we're gonna, [, __, ], okay, cool I won't take that as a slight as a way. I won't take a person because you said every guy wants to [ __ ] me and I just wanted to make it clear. You think you could [ __ ] me. Thank you comment. I think. Maybe you mean that you don't have any like hangouts that don't don't end with [ __ ] yeah I've never had someone like no I'm not into it. [ __ ] you I could see that because I think guys who are hanging out with you generally are interested in you right and so you're up for anything I think yeah. Maybe that's the way to go. I've never had someone be like no right. That makes sense, yeah sure anyway. Well, we've learned a lot. How much time we've been doing here, Dan we're at an hour 22. Damn that's like the whole episode. I know we. Why don't you just be a segment? Is there anything else? Okay, I recently found out one other thing. This isn't her into dating is I guess: I have a fat [ __ ], which I did when I was a thing. What does that mean? So I would assume I, don't know because I haven't been with that many cyst females I've been with movie too, but they all kind of look like my, but like a lot of girls off like a coin slot, which I would assume yours is like a quick Volger, spinner girls yeah, so I just have like a fat upper [, __, ] area, I didn't know. That was a thing which I thought was your gut. So I was like yeah I got a gut, but no it's actually like below your gut before your hole, but isn't that what happened? When did you uh B? You get the football? Oh no, but looks like thin. Girls can have it too I guess but yeah, maybe I, don't know. The poop was like this area like before. The gym was like you know when you see people tucked in yeah. That's like this is no that's a gut. Well, this is my gut. This is a guy. So this is my gut right here, yeah and then the Fupa is this part like gut, so is that good or bad I have to warn people because, like I did not know, this is a thing that was like a weird thing to people. I've never had a complaint about it, but this girl got the lips the vulva, it's something outside the moment. It's like I learned what that is recently Volvo. Recently literally like two episodes ago. None of us knew what the Volvo was really I, don't know, I, don't know you put. You can put a little like littoral stimulator up into the bowl, but like Lay's there underneath the labia lips, but what's the vulva laser yeah? No, don't know what the Volt is. The vowel inside your vagina see she doesn't know what the move is. No, no. The vulva is the entire area. Yeah and I just did a scene with you, okay, the - from Adam and Eve. If you put it on the vault, no there's a Volvo, so there's a legend about the vulva I just researched this, because I went opens what the bulb is. Buddy apparently know what right, where your [ __ ] and your labia right there. You know you hold it there so I. Guess it's not the move, but go ahead. You've got to you got Fupa, you got, leave, there's a it. Is it a match? Would you consider it a mess? No, it's nice! No, there were things. I was fat, [, __, ], I've, already triggered by the word fat and I'm like [ __ ], now I got that busy. So I'm just gonna put that out there to some people. I get some people don't, but I've never had a complaint, but I guess a girl told me it's a fat [, __, ] and I was like, oh because I do only if answer like collabing with girls they're like oh yeah, fat, [, __ ], they might have like a keyway, but all that that's kind of a slate I feel like that's an insult to call girl. You got fat, that's what I thought you know so I'm just going out there! That's right! I! Don't think you need to put it out there. Well, people Authority out there I mean the picture. Does it more than the words ever? Would there you go? Thank you, fat, [, __, ], actual picture yeah when you were making fun of it, yeah well, I mean I would have to sanitize it anyway. If we're gonna use it I, don't, oh my god, oh well before we leave, or should we maybe we should save this for later. For because we're pretty much done, I guess yeah we can. This is Gwyneth. Paltrow's smells like my vagina candle. We finally got it we'll do it next Summa, you won't be I'm, hope, I know how to get a break here break before the next time. Why just be part of this well you'll be back soon. I mean you'll, be back really soon for the next round. H3 should be three people, not [ __ ], two people I, doesn't make sense. It's two letters to people, but what's the three H to the third power, it's a EE backwards. It's a it's our names like age. For me and three for the e you get recognized on the street, so yeah you want to go out and see who gets recognized more, that's fun, I, don't I, don't go I, don't go outside anymore, because oh I don't mind being recognized but I'm with the family all the time. Mostly. If you have a baby, you know what I don't even live in the house right. Do you like don't like, is I, think these guys get recognized more than the others. I don't like when people shake my hand now cuz I'm, always with Theodore, and so I'm super conscious about how my how clean my hands are. I like go to the bathroom, wash my hands really good and like get the paper towel, open the door and then I'm I'm really good, and then someone will come and say, hi and usually before theater I'm, always shaking hands, giving hugs I'm doing all that. But now I'm like I'm, like hey and I'm, like something hi but I, don't want to shake the hand. I'm not gonna be rude if they put the hand almost shake it, but then I'm like I've, got the [ __ ] on my hands. So don't please don't shake my hand really nice to people or you're, just like hey. What's up very nice I love them because there's some people are like overtly nice and then there's something we're just nice and then there's some people are [, __, ] overtly. What's overtly nice I feel like I'm overtly nice because like because I really don't want them to say I'm an [ __ ] so like I'm, always gonna be nice to someone, but I don't freely nice, like, oh, my god like follow me. I'll call you back like I, get really excited. Oh no, no I, don't know that's too much I just say hi, they say: hey I, like you I say. Thank you very much. I appreciate that I, like had people at my shows like me like kiss them on the lips. I'm like okay yeah. We have it differently. Yeah! Well, Angie. Oh kids, like I, agree like I. Think that's really rude like when I woulda got with Jason's kids like I hate him. If you lookin belt, like that's so weird, they don't want to like it was our unit, no I, don't mind them coming up and saying hi one more baby, but just don't shake my hand, I! Think it's fine! Honestly! Even if you shake their hand, I'll shake it's not like a newborn anymore. You know: listen I'm using Theodore as an excuse to not touch people's hands. It's like how do you know they're not trying to distract you to take the baby like that? No that's so paranoid! Oh my god! Well, that's why? What there's two of us, but even with his like grown kids I'd, be like I'm, like I, can't take a picture right now, cuz if I turn my back on them like what, if you're kidnapped, yeah you're right, you are crazy. I mean if that's how you go out a little. Your [ __ ], tough place, tough way to live man, [ __ ], don't even come near me like that's. How I would be I'd like to see that lets get me pregnant? Oh my god, you might know someone from this bachelor got me. Pregnant that'd be crazy. Another success story, okay, guys! So please so I may give you guys a cutoff okay. Today's a 21st Graham the email address. Do your pull your posting overlay right, then we'll add one! Okay, you gonna have one post cool. So here it is a podcast at h3h3 productions.com. We post this tomorrow and Saturday. You guys have two weeks to submit. Is that enough time or is that too long you have one week to submit I? Think two weeks is so the cutoff date is gonna, be on 20. So the cutoff days gonna be a 7th of March, get those submissions in get those mukbangs and get the tarp down on your bed. Control squirts, you squirt during an almost sex. Oh that's a thing so, but but but generally speaking, if you're just having sex pleasure, not come, I mean squirt. That's a technique like you, I, don't like push something in there to make it like squirt out so you're, not a squirter by nature. No, nobody is nobody's just like I'm gonna squirt at you. Yeah do funding, enhances your orgasm, yes and you're, the better chance of getting pregnant. That can't be true. Yeah I heard that for real, like if you heard that, would you hear that cuz you're expelling the fluids, yeah I guess you're, just like mixing it all together. So it's like better and then you know what throw your legs behind your head after sex also increases your chance. I, don't know I've! Never that occurred. Yeah Ely used to do that. I'm not buying their head. Oh yeah I took you guys a minute huh, no, no, all! No it just. It just happened all of a sudden, but it took a while. You didn't do anything different. No two years right, no no I mean well, maybe like a year and a half. Oh really, Wow may I stop taking the pills, but we weren't like actively trying trying right for the whole time. You know what I mean. I. Remember cuz you guys. We talked about that Niles like oh, my god, that's the same thing is happening to me and then you got pretty eyes like what the [ __ ] I hear. It happens. I feel like maybe not me me. I just haven't had sex in two months old on me. Wait. You first think you didn't have a spouse. Who are you trying to get pregnant from I mean it's? Anyone will come inside you, but really do you need the consent of the man I tell them Oh people ask me like: are you everything I'm like now? Oh yeah? Okay, so you want some guy to knock you up. The ones I choose so like there was a guy. I was like in love with like a couple months ago and I was like. Oh you just comes like me, and I told him. I was like I, don't know, I'm birth control, but you know also like I feel like I started people out at certain age or just like you, don't have a baby Wow I like the reverse, like NBA basketball player, so wait if some guy, not if you get pregnant by this guy, then I. Guess you want to raise the kid with him. Yeah yeah, like I, don't have this anyway, I. Don't think he's thinking that far? No, definitely not you should know like oh yeah now, I can scare the [ __ ] out of it use condoms, guys, don't leave it up to them no they're smart, because then they get like this matter line situation where they're gonna get $40,000 a month from me because they have a baby with me. The truth is yeah. Well right, cuz you are gonna, be the one paying child support. I'm like the LeBron James, have a baby by me, baby yeah. What's that 50 cent? That's not let him see the basket yeah, who is the rapper I, have no idea so you're wealthy, successful, seven-figure, yeah, well, I love that worth probably I would guess 3 to 5 million I, don't even know what net worth means. When people ask me out, what does that you mean everything together? Yes, alright, thank what is the property value of your house and all your assets, all your properties and that's your total net worth there. You go - any debt, you have well sure I, don't have that. I only have debit cards or one debit card, and my credit cards were awful, so I'd have no kind of hard, so I'm a debt so more than more than 2 million less than 10. Oh ok. This is kind of hard cuz I do have assets with my father, so maybe I'm more than that I don't know more than 10. Well, maybe with my dad, though, how does that work? I, don't know you mean with your dad. So he put it under like a lot of his properties under my name for like if he like, dice or whatever, then I don't get enough to be like legality. Your dad has money. That's got mega money if you, okay mo I'm really, but he never gave it to me. So people always think well, it sounds like um I. Don't know, I, don't like to think about my dad, but no he got a lot of money. When I was like 10, we were always really broke. His own company sold it to like Microsoft, like you could look this up. I think it was Microsoft. I could be wrong. Mk. I I, don't know something like that and yeah I mean like a [ __ ] ton of money, but he never gave me any I quit college I was like I'm, not helping you anymore and I was like bye yeah. So she's got it all. She has a lot of life experience and a lot to offer Oh cry. That's so sweet and she's easy to fly so um, so send them in. Let's go. Let's make this a greatest season of the h3 podcast Bachelorette Season 2 as I'm very much looking forward to the view as we get Trisha. Thank you for coming and joining us. Thank you for being up for this spectacular season. - love is in the air I'm telling you use a gun at this tank, so I'm gonna be really sad. Please watch this episode right. You should have said the beginning. People are alright, so we won't be today. So we'll see you guys next week and I won't be here. So Tricia will not oh right. Pewdiepie is uh, gonna, be armed cool as a guest yeah, don't you think, and he didn't he was supposed to be on today, but he didn't make. Oh you pushed him over for me, you don't like hell. No yeah. He made a video run. The same time you did all y'all came for me, so [ __ ] hard, no yeah, oh, oh ghosting, Nick, acaba, Katims, yeah he's going downhill, quick, like poor PewDiePie I made a video about you coasting someone literally sorry I'm, the thumbnail. He did the thumbnail you use, except instead of my after picture. He used the bald guy from whose lines anyway, as a Fred, his name. Do you want to correct the record correct the record, mom people, what PDF I said about yeah I? Have everybody said he did a whole video about me and I couldn't even watch it. I was in such a bad place in my life at that time and I was like I, don't wanna watch us, I watch a little bit. I, don't even know [ __ ] him I. Don't like him like he's, not a thing anymore. Mmm you heard a year. Did you buy his over yeah and you having him on your shows? You're gonna give a cloud. He doesn't need love for me, but he will be on tomorrow. Is that a oh, no good squeeze are no good, alright guys. We will be here next week and thank you all and have a blessed weekend. We love you appreciate. If you see me on the street, I do love you and I would like to say I, but please don't shake my hand or touch me all right. [Music] you [Music].