- hello: this is the greatest show ever made and I want to thank the Emmy Council, the Emmys for nominating us for best show of all time which we won graciously. So thank you to the Emmys that they get. Everyone who voted for us and congratulations to you know for Best co-host on the universe ever other powers, I think you totally deserved it and I'm very proud of you and, of course, I won the best host of any show that ever existed, which I'm very grateful as well. So thank you all and and the audience one they want best audience to ever watch the show they are the rest. So congratulations. We all want Emmys this year. They do to our sponsors, who want best sponsors of the everything ever sponsored a show: privacy, door, - and stamps calm. Thank you to them. We've got a lot on the dock today, my dudes, my throat is messed up by the way I think it was. The forest fires come on with the Disney trip, yelling at full blast for nine hours and I've just been coughing up. This, like putrid mustard green, like I, showed Ella I, saw it and looks it's bad wrong. Yeah. It looks wrong like brown, it's so bad I took a bunch at nyquil yesterday or not nyquil, but there's this beverage I was drinking ther. A few flew like a beverage I just been hitting a [ __ ] hard and I'm out of it more than last week, just disclaimer we're just gonna make excuses. Now. Every week no I will feel better. Eventually, okay and I'll. Let people know -. This is the feeling better episode, but this is the feeling bad episode today. We're gonna talk about Tricia. She made an apology, video for saying that she was trans. Just so called me out. No, no! That's all see my reaction, video to ice, yeah, I'm. Sorry. She made a reaction video to me to the claim. Now she says this is an abstention. She ated claim that she has a 20-inch engorged [, __ ] that goes down to her toes drags on the floor when she walks she actually post the pictures of itself. She tweeted them to me. I can't show you guys it's! It's disgusting, I said I respond to her tweet I just said gross Wow, but it's funny cuz. All of their responses are people like dude. This is horrid. Well, we're not even talking about it. Yet, oh and then more exciting. Just the preview Ian, the intern ran into Belle Delphine at the white at the can I say it Awards the awards, the pH or Wow. The pop Awards adult industry awards either tone-tone sandwich friendly, show yeah adult industry awards Ian ran into Belle Delphine. He got a photo with her and he's got a story to tell us that's coming up. It's all here today on the h3 podcast experience. Did that work again this in a minute, doctor yeah? Why don't you have a seat right over there boom and there? Who else has got gazebo game like that? Nobody, now before we get started, I've got another scooter, video, surprise, surprise, Ethan, wow, you're, obsessed with scooters, yeah I am watch this video. If you think that it's not hilarious, watch how it's perfectly framed, this goodness look how it's perfectly frame door. Closing it's gonna! Stop this man, man, no [, __ ], this am/pm I'm gonna, take the whole [ __ ] out and he does like a crazy 180. The beam does a 180 around his neck, like an Olympic sport, I love how it looks like he barely touches anything but the whole store fell apart dude he takes out the entire store, like it's perfectly lined up and there's no dude. You should have started slowing down all right here, like he didn't, even touch it even consider break it sleek, it's incredible how much damage you did like he took out the case next to the door. He broke both doors and then, like a beam, fell down. Look at out the amount of catastrophe. That's good. Yeah looks like a Whole Foods or something right. Yeah! Look at this! It's all the people and scooters. It's like hey, slow down after you, it's like. If you let a kid drive a car right, do you understand he didn't even slow down after he hit the damn door? Yeah like what is he thinking boom I'm still going baby? That's rad! It's crazy! How that beam did like a 180 or on him. It stayed balanced on him. It's amazing right, yeah, watch this beam. You see this beam. It rides him all the way through the store and does it yes, [Laughter] scooter logic. So there you go, and you don't even dare tell me you're over scooter videos, because this [ __ ] is funny all the way everyday people on the streets are saying they love this good or videos yeah everyone the same yet everybody's talking about scooter visit lucious. You guys know this artist. He does like gorilla spray, painting, he's very famous, very reputable, probably the greatest art living artist alive and he did a meme. I did an insta story where I had the Joker snapchat and he was so inspired by me that he dedicated a wall to me. I love it so shout out. Gosh six [, __ ] awesome I found that I've had that effect on several people. Throughout my life that I'm so inspiring either you could attest that uh I've heard it from people on the streets. Did he they're, really good job I? Think he's getting even better. Yeah, this is I really like a high level, [ __ ] yeah, but it may. If the Joker looked like me, but that'd be more or less scary. If the Joker had my body compared to Joaquin Phoenix, it would have no effect anything because your body is totally normal. I think the Joker has to be like starving cuz he's like this anxious like. If he's fat like me, because that applies. You have a good time. At least you enjoy eating. He enjoys nothing I'm, the penguin, if I'm a Batman, yeah I'm, the penguin yeah I love the penguin too, but the Joker is my favorite Batman villain, yeah I haven't seen the joke. You know is just gonna say we should watch it. Maybe we could see it um tonight. Maybe I want to eat a joker movie review. Okay, the in cell uprising is here. Finally, so lush six is the man. Thank you to him. I guess this. Is it I guess we're at the Trisha moment, so I have a tap first of all, an apology, video that I made I know that apology, videos is kind of Tricia's, then, and so I wanted to take a stab at it, and I wanted to make my own apology, video inspired by her to her for her, so we'll go ahead and roll that now guys. So this is my apology, video to Trisha Paytas, hey guys, it's Ethan here again, I just wanted to come on really fast and apologize to everybody. I totally did not expect the backlash from our last video I wanted to basically apologize to Trisha Paytas, who is such a sweet, genuine person and I. Just really like I, wanted. First of all apologize for saying that she looked like she was at an open-casket funeral like she was the corpse inside of a casket. That's not true! That's just not what I meant all you're, so beautiful you're such a queen and I also wanted to apologize for saying that you have like a 5 to 10 inch and gorgeous [ __ ], that's bigger than my dick I mean there I mean that's. That would basically make you a guy. That would basically mean you had a penis and well I, guess I'm kind of confused, because you said you're, trans I, don't know I, just I'm, sorry, cuz I, don't want to offend. You I know that I'm sorry for saying that you're, not trans god, man, even though you have like cup F jugs that are always on display and not that would make you I, don't know but genders all in the mind anyway and I shouldn't I didn't even go there, but mostly I just want to apologize to Trisha and say that I think she's really hot and it definitely doesn't look like like. Oh, she definitely doesn't look like you know. She's she's been passed around as much as a bowling ball and she's gone through as much as a bowling ball to like she's, always hitting pins and being washed back up, and then people putting shoving their fingers in her and then throw her down the lane always AJ. She comes back and more fingers and throwing doesn't lean, doesn't look like that: she's, a sweet she's, hot and she's empowered female well anyway, guys I'm, just really apologetic and I hope. Y'all can forgive me so with that being said, let's uh, let's go ahead and start the podcast. Thank you please forgive me so. Do you think that she was appreciated that apology or that she'll be upset by that apology? I think that was very touching right, I teared up a couple of times, yeah I was getting emotional doing it. I was like wow. That's super real, like the analogy of her being a bowling ball image of a bowling ball in my head, I think of something to get around and then the bowling ball came on my head and you know it's it's a really special analogy, because when you think about the pins as penises as well, that she's being thrown into just getting every hand with penises wellhome, she comes back fingers jams in her head thrown down, laying a bunch of more penises and it's like. When does it stop and the ball comes back and it's throwing us I got what does it stop please? So, hopefully she accepts my apology and we can move past this. She did ask for an apology. I do hope that she accepts it and maybe she'll still come on the podcast, even though she said she would never reservation only erased her tweet or something because I yeah, oh man, which one did she erase so she she anyway I said she she can come on the podcast. If she's man enough a joke to her here, I can I can actually show this. She said reacting. H3 is video calling me nasty. She says the video is called. H3 is worse than Donald, Trump Wow, very political. She knows some people like him right, okay, well, whatever I said epic, somebody said you should have her on the podcast I said. If she's man enough, she shouldn't come on I thought that was pretty epic. She said 18 million dollars. I'll do it I said you'll. Definitely do it for free. She, by the way reached out to us first and then she said apologize and then maybe she says apologize for all your dumb ass trolling. So that's what I just did yeah I want to bury the hatchet and I want yeah I want to I want to bury the. How do you call those loca tops, but they the baby doll or something? How do you call those Oh like the stuff? You sleep in that's baby doll. What was she wearing where her tits were like 75%? Oh I know I remember when it's very the baby doll, yeah Perry, the baby, doll and I want to I want to move on I want you on the podcast and I just want to make amends so and in spirit of that, let's watch, let's enjoy her her response, video because she she made some claims here that I think need to be addressed. She she said a lot of things about ela. First of all, you know how we feel about that. She said things about dan, which I can't let slide. Personally, you know I am very entertaining so she just basically washed my clip, which is what I did with Tiger belly the other day. I found myself just thinking to myself. That's the very thing, though, that's her main channel set up I didn't realize this is our special occasion set up so kitchen floor. Is man channel? That's the main course baby living room floor is apology, type videos yeah got it and then like. What's like third channel yeah, that's the garbage you don't want to when you know the frit, when you see the fridge Brian or you know, it's good got it in general, even if they're boring are not really my flavor I like podcasts, because once bony [ __ ] people talk because I'm alone all the time. This should be called thing in the life of a loner, because I'm always alone. So that's fine, but just rambles on I'll just skip to the I did timestamps. Then we can kind of be more precise with this 30 minute idea: [ __ ] insane someone's at you, but can't keep my name out of your lips and your mouth. And yes, you invited me on your freaking podcast, so I can't be of that insane. First of all, you asked first off. Do you want to come on you tweeted at me, publicly I seem to come on the podcast. So let's set that straight at second of all me, you being insane has nothing to do with being in my mouth and I know you yeah I mean yes. In fact, that is a lot to do with being in my mouth, I mean you're in it. You're entertaining you're, interesting you're entertaining oh yeah, baby I, don't call her baby. She get the wrong idea. She's got a thesis that I want to [ __ ], her I think, but but I'm not much of a bowler. Okay, you're funny crazy you're, not like homeless, crazy. First of all, we need to start dating, but she's, beautiful and pretty and and I apologize she loved coming for you come for you on this kitchen floor. Eola, very scared, speak for yourself, don't dumb! You just said: I can't make fun of you because you're crazy, you believe she doesn't cut or anything she just puts it all out. She comes on it's gonna, be such a great episode. That's why I know she's got to come on. She's gonna come on for free. She loves. She likes the back-and-forth. She gets few. She got something to talk about. It's great. She loves it. Those glasses are huge. Do I like the glasses, you do. You could almost see her ears in them, they're. So big, like that's a little wild, you don't mean like I, can come for you, but I do about it for coming for you all right come on. Let's say: I got more time stamps this. She doesn't like go anywhere. She got 30 minutes of [. __ ] is ASA. Here we go median time by the way. Median tight aren't synonymous and roast beef sandwich is not an synonymous with tight I do okay. Does she put horsey sauce on why'd? You do that she's funny I give her props it's funny, that's why we want her yeah I'm, not I'm, not I've, never said anything bad about her. Everything has a positive spin median. It's like biting into an Arby's roast beef sandwich without any curtains off Oh without the beef curtains. They trim that easy. How much before delicious and I make my own mail. She makes her own yeah. So there you gotta answer. I, don't even know what that great I think her vagina juices. She makes her own mail to lubricate the sandwich. It's pretty graphic, I'm too young. For this conversation, what age is appropriate. You know you can see how much Russia Lane that college I'm sure you have already seen it I'm sure you've already PO. She thinks I've been to her website because you're so concerned about my genitals. It may make me tea class. She erased it. Ma'am I wish you guys could have seen the the comments cuz she erased me like a Raceway. She tweeted me a close-up of her vagina yeah. It was gnarly, bro ow, just like coughs, I'm too fat don't fit under the table. Yeah I didn't know she would look up or actually straight up. Pornographer like she has a porn site where she does everything. You could think that a porn scene does Nene vagina here. She says I'm worse than Donald Trump. No, no! You smell me. You haven't seen me in person like you, nasty, Donald, Trump, I. Don't why I'm not really sure, because he calls people nasty I, think that was the connection you didn't invent. Calling people nasty, that's true, but it's the best, though too. Why did she go straight turn mouth? What about the roast beef that you so gloriously described their own man is yeah, what their own mayonnaise come on. Well, the rest of church is about healing it's beautiful. It's nowhere near me, your mouth. We can both happily say that we have no interest in having sex with each other. Well, there you go I'm worse than Donald Trump. Oh here she goes after ela. Now this is when the gloves mask comes off chime in she's, so sweet and she's like you're on the pack. You don't chime in you, don't defend agree with what your home says. That's the only issue with her is that there's no real opinion Wow coming for her, but it's not like it's kind of like my issue with Spencer on the impulse of podcasting. There's, no there's no added opinion, which is fine. People don't need to always give their opinions just you do no [ __ ]. What do you think about that? Your response, no opinion. Oh I, don't know. Well. Clearly she doesn't read the comments. Cuz everybody seems to think about her she'll watch the podcast. In my opinion, she probably just yes. She doesn't get okay well, she goes on to say that she were her seed, Hasidic Jews. She does she's not familiar at all with her content at all, but I think it's ironic because I remember even in that segment, you spoke up in her defense. At one point you said she said when she tweeted at me: I knew you had a tiny, dick and you said and I was like well I already said that dum-dum and then you said well she's just saying that I confirm what she already knew yeah. So she you already did speak up a defense of her tweet I did well she's, making an assumption that a lot of people do they I, don't know. Yeah I am more quiet than like a normal co-host right, so she's expecting like loud I, don't know she's a loud person, she's, probably expecting something like that from the co-hosts. But our friends know what we do here. It's not what we do here, I think we got our own style well, if Trish I want to find out she'll come on the podcast she'll see what I have to say. Oh [, __ ], damn that's right: yeah dude, we're talking about Trisha. How dare you well I think it's just evidence that she hasn't watched about tests yeah. She goes on to say that I railroad you out into submission. So here we go Railroad ela into submission. Can you let me talk? You male chauvinistic, Pig, ass, [, __ ], just my husband's on that I didn't say that she says were confident clothes, [, __, ] and I mean she's. Trans I really is a guy who people have always thought you're, trans you're, so transparent entrance both, and so maybe that explains. Could you were saying you, you identify a fob which will see what I'm saying this is like reaction inception or so and I think but I feel like she talked boy yeah that I guess. Does she say anything about this I? Don't remember: I, don't know. I was sleeping when I did this sorry Tricia, just not interesting enough. I was literally sleeping when I did this I don't know how I did this I was on night quo, because I'm, sick mm-hmm and I was like I knew that I couldn't watch this video flat, cuz, it's just so dull and so I know I had to do two timestamps and I I mean you. You were next to me, I sorry. You were like following a slave Regina taking time, Stan's writing stuff in there. Fine what's going on here, that's some interest but I. Actually like the stuff, you did we're making sense. I know: I'm I only needed 10% of my brain to watch your video Trish, maybe even less I, don't know how what percent I'm using right now but I'll tell you it's not 100 uh I! Don't I, don't know, understand my note on this can't make on people. You can't look at that, be like that's a female like she looks like a frickin open bro. You can be in a casket and a female. You know I'm saying you can be a cadaver and have tits yeah. It's like an overall in generic judgment that you just can't make them people. You can't look at that, be like that's a female. Oh you I've been like. She looks like a frickin open casket like what is it do I, look like a hot female or do I look like African, open, yeah, all I can say hot. We just she's what wears one this shot was crazy. I just said your cleavage is odd. I didn't say it was hot trust me, that's not what I meant. That's not what I said. You know I'm sure there are cadavers. There are bodies with big tits just because that's how they died with big debts. I mean I love how she tries to be here that ambassador for transgender people, and they don't want her. She made the dumbest statements when she was like I'm, transgender yeah. Was that an opinion? You know how dare I? Okay, so don't know ela. Please don't talk over me. Let's move on you're ruining the show gila, oh yeah. This is great you'll like this I'll. Let you respond to this point. She says cleavage, this isn't Israel. She says she thinks that's so crazy. Does she know that you're from Israel she's just trying to mock your yeah birth country? But you know that you don't have to cover you. Don't you know, you'd have to cover yourself in Israel. Right doesn't appear, so that's great yeah, yeah, well, Trisha. Here's a PSA! You can wear your tits like that in Israel yeah, and that would be totally fine. If you want you can do everything you can do here. Mother, it's not a yeah. It's not! Yes! Exactly! Thank you! Lila! It's not a yes! That's very normal! It's a comfortable women are allowed to show their cleavage here by the way. That's not a normal amount of cleavage. That's like! Basically every knows everything am I wrong. You guys know it's a lot of it's a lot of tit right, Ian and Zach yeah Zach, yeah Zach I mean yeah. We've we've all voted unanimously. That's a good amount of time. I mean I could see. Maybe someone in like the Walmart, like trashy Walmart people subreddit going around with that money, so much cleavage, maybe females around you, don't show cleavage and that's cool. No, no, shaming those who like to be conservative, no conservative, shaming here but like show. No, my did your mayor makeup. I slept in that is comfortable. Like show bra. You did a video though anyway, that's that yeah and then she goes on to say she loves when people call her dumb. You know long yeah, let's just watch all these I'm just go to their City choose moment. Just easy in salt I mean okay. That doesn't offend me because, like I know, I'm not done, obviously I mean being like. Chubby is a little bit of a trigger. I want to call her fat I, never called her fat. What did I ever call her fat did I ever call Trisha, Paytas, fat or jelly beached whale at some point. Was that her someone else think of it. Someone else has just been so many it's hard to remember. I would never call Trisha Paytas a beached whale, not sure about that. I. Never and my whole life would call Trisha Paytas a swollen, Twinkie I, don't know I, wouldn't say it about her I, never called her dumb either I call I said if she ate a one: stick of deodorant she's like one stick of viateur away from having the IQ of shoenice. Ten IQ points is a lot. That's a big difference, an intellectual capacity here. She says: let's just skip to the Hasidic Jew comment: you like the whole, you know when the hoax I wake up over it yeah. You know when, when the Hulk tells the secret he goes, you want to know my secret I'm, always angry. Yeah eel is always over it to where they have that relationship. Well, I, don't think so. Anyway, they seem a conservative, I believe they're Hasidic, Jewish people and I'm trying to be a serve it up. Let's see which is fine. Jewish men love Jewish people like I'm obsessed. She goes I love how she goes I'm obsessed with Jewish people. What I don't like that she's obsessed with Jewish people. You know you know who's obsessed with Jewish people, Adolf Hitler, but okay. She thinks that we're Hasidic Jews, based on what we're wearing conservative, has sit here. Hasidic Jews. Let me show you what Hasidic Jews look like there. You go just just the testing of yet her Israel trivia. Here these are my people, look good. They [ __, ] and also Hasidic women. Wear wigs by the way. Mm-Hmm look at these guys such gangsters. His seeds stink like mother, dude, oh yeah, they wear this all year round. Why dude there's the greasiest looking people ever? They don't shave, they don't shower. They all got these gnarly suits bro. That hat is out of control. You look like a lamp. Imagine wearing this in, like a hundred degree, weather day, yeah, it's really summer, 90% you who made it tea. Mmm yeah the seeds, this I'm Marissa, dick bro. There's me at my bar mitzvah I. Had the Jew curl and everything look at this. That's at home, baby anyway thought that was funny and in summary, she says she does want to come on the podcast, forgetting that you were the one that started in open, casket funeral. She would rather shield the day she does. The podcast as they shall suck my deck now she said that she'll come on ela if I apologize, which I did already do so, do I having permission, do I have your permission to hot, to receive fellatio from Trisha Paytas, no I'm, just why I don't know where I'm going with that? Well, she keeps bringing it up, even though we never make that comments. I never expressed interest in her. We just like you for who you are Trisha we're. Oh, you need any sexual favor you're more than a sexual object to me. Don't you understand, that's why I think, like all these comments about beached whale open, casket funeral, these are not sexual objects. These are objects that have value and love in this world. Like have you ever seen what happens when a beach one of whale beaches, how many people come out and try to save the whale and bring it back to the ocean? Like that's all I'll I still can't remember. If it was hard that you called that yeah I, don't remember, I, don't think I called her Beach. Well, maybe it's somewhere else and they it may have been her, though, let's be honest, I put a screen shot. Are you here to expose me, but my analogy is really what is the conclusion from your guyses? Well, you didn't use the word whale, but you made a joke. Well, you had a song inside Oh I said you washed up on the beach. It doesn't work by the way. For some reason, I said it looks like she washed up on the beach right. Well, that does that doesn't say anything about fat. That is not charity, compose yeah, I, believe yeah. She just looks decomposed I'd say, but but if I did say she was a beached whale which I never would that's a beautiful compliment because a lot of people care about beached whales and the same with the open, casket funeral. What's wrong with that everybody comes and honors you at your funeral, there's love and beauty and peace, and definitely nothing sexual about either those images Trisha. So all you bringing up about me fellatio and all this I just want to come here and talk to you. I want to talk. I want to talk shop and have a good time, and just you know, that's it well, we'll see we'll see if she's willing to come on now. Well, I made my peace, like you literally put me in the title and the thumbnail. So why are we feeding the troll' dan, whoever you are dan? Who would be a no Dan? Why you see the troll because you put it as the title, the thumbnail? Oh you make bo3 videos about me not having only made two videos about you. I wasn't responding the final one another like I'm, so over it so over. It's like kinda, like this week, I'm still over I'm choosy, there's anything else to say man I'm over it I want to keep this going for as long as possible. We got I am over it. Wait. Do we really yeah it's pretty okay, yes, I'm! So sorry to interrupt. We got yeah dan I! Guess Dan is over you, Trisha Dan, just no new! You Dan doesn't like Trisha. Apparently he wrote. She knows some really harsh things about her. It's not that I! Don't like her! It's I! Don't care! Would you what would you rate her on a scale of one to ten in terms of attraction? Be honest, I, don't know, for a 400 dan is mildly attracted to her honestly. Back again, what would you rate her on one to ten ahead? Come on all right, you dumped yeah. Let's go to break they're, all afraid of the girls. Yeah he's gonna come in one day and they're gonna have to meet her face-to-face. Do you got you guys should be scared of her I feel like she's gonna strangle me when she comes in here. You're gonna have to get security. I'll, be your security. The silent Israeli make sure to cover your shoulders, though, and don't talk over me. You know how it is like an Israeli law. Privacy. Calm is the place that you need to go to protect your identity online. You use your credit card for reoccurring payments. You use it to buy stuff on PayPal, you even use it to buy furry, suits and weird hentai porn from Asia, but you don't want to use a real credit card when you do that, absolutely not that's! Where privacy calm comes in. They give you the ability to make these virtual credit cards that are tied directly to your bank account so that you can purchase play things and that you, with your credit card, without any risk of identity being stolen or reoccurring payments. Being joking, you out of existence, yeah, there's no issues, there's no problems at all. Look, for example, I just go new card, which I already made here it's easy to do: Ethan's Amazon card there you go Bob's your uncle here, I'm going to use it on I'm gonna. Show you guys how easy it is to use on Amazon I already got the plug-in installed. So all I do is click that here it is Ethan's Amazon card. It's a real card use this frickin right there boom there's no problem, there's no risk. It's privacy, calm, and here he gets even better with privacy head to privacy, calm, /, h3 and you all are gonna, get five dollars free on your first purchase for a limited time. Only guys, that's five dollars for free, that's literally free money, go to privacy, calm, /, h3 and sign up now you are gonna love the privacy, the ease of mind and you're gonna love that five $40 plate. There's plenty of Daisy. Look where you just want the food. You don't want to cook. You don't want to go anywhere you're over it. All it's been a long day or you just want to treat yourself I, don't need to explain any further. All I need to tell you is that door. - connects you to your favorite restaurants in your city. They make ordering easy. You open the door - app, you choose what you want to eat and your food will be delivered to you wherever you are ela. Not only is your favorite pizza joint already on door -, but there are 340 thousand restaurants at 3300 cities and you might just find a new favorite, -, ela, okay and with door-to-door delivery in all 50 states and canada, canada, the 51st state aka order from your local go to Zoar choose from your favorite national favorites like Chipotle, Wendy's chick-fil-a and the Cheesecake Factory ela. Don't worry about dinner. Let dinner come to you with door -, but here we go. Let's get interesting right now our listeners could get five dollars off their first order of 15 dollars or more when you download the door - app and enter promo code h3. That's five dollars for free off your first order of 15 dollars or more when you download the door - app from the App Store and enter code h3. So don't forget! That's promo code HD for five dollars off your first order from door. - ela ela like death, mailing things is something we all have to deal with eventually and that's where stamps.com comes in. We don't have time as human beings in this fast-paced life to go to the post office. You got a park, you got traffic you've got to lug your package, it's ridiculous! That's why we need a futuristic solution. That's that's good for everybody! Stamps calm, the most popular time-saving tool for small businesses and individual stamps. Calm eliminates trips to the post office and saves you money with discounts. You couldn't even get at the post office. If you went there, Wow Sam Cellcom brings all the amazing services of the US Post Office right to your computer, whether your small office, sending invoices or an online sellers shipping, our products or even a warehouse sending thousands of package a day Sam comp can handle it with ease, simply use your computer to print official US postage 24/7 for any letter any package, any class of mail anywhere. You want to send it once your mail is ready. You just hand it to your mail, courier or drop it in a mailbox. It is that simple, with stamps I'll come you get five cents off every first class stamp and up to 40% off Priority Mail, not to mention a fraction of the cost of those expensive postage meters. I, don't know what a postage meter is, but I'm assuming somebody out there does Sam Cellcom is a no-brainer saving you time and money. It's a no wonder that 700,000 small businesses are already using stamps calm right now our listeners get a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a digital scale. Without any long-term commitment Wow they have truly lost their minds over at stamps. Comm click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in h3 that stamps comm enter h3. Welcome to the Ethan is late from the bathroom episode. That's all I got now. We just wait silently we're live even we're alive and we're bored sitting here. Five minutes, there's like a fan outside I. Don't know if he's a fan, but he was I hate it and I was like a dude and I walked the [ __ ] door on him, but he was looks like he was waiting for another office, but I, don't know he looked kind of suspicious how long you been life just a few seconds, not that bad yo. So we talked about Trisha that was exciting. Oh, there was a write in from a fan, a trans fan who wanted to finally close the book on this hole at Trisha being trans thing. So I'm gonna read this now they said uh-huh, oh god, my throat is so [ __ ] I take a little sip of water. Does it sound [, __ ] up yeah the horse? Remember how we did dead air last episode. She'd! Do that again, mm-hmm cuz! We only did it for like 20 seconds yeah, because I always ask him. I couldn't even ask cuz that ruined it, but I was wondering if you, if we can't laugh, there's no like a laugh. No in a contest, you can't laugh. Okay, just silence the thing about dead air is that the audience needs to be confused. They need to know is anyone even there. That's dead air, okay, I'm ready. Whenever you are sure you won't do a dead air off. Do we want to finish this? I'm fittin read this email? First, yeah? Okay! No, let's just do it now, we've already set it up. Okay, okay, here we go Ian's life switching was was making me, laugh, you're broke cuz, he keeps with me and you and the lights game. Good I, don't know to long I started to feel bad. Did you start to feel bad? No I was getting into it. Love to do a whole episode just perform. We gotta do one wait: everyone, okay, hey guys! I love the recent podcast and I just wanted to give some hair here's a hidden message to Trisha. Trisha of you are actually family washes. They just say: Ethan said methi, vagina, flops, hey Trish is not really trans in and then the timestamp that I said it, and you told me that and I'll apologize for everything. I ever said to you cuz. You are true fan of the show. Alright glad I got that of the way, hi guys I love the recent podcast just want to get my input on a Trisha topic, some background. My trans male who's been out for about four to five years and I'll be medically transitioning soon. A lot of the stuff she was explaining is just regular stuff. Women go through like ela said: Trisha was just talking about not dressing, overly feminine and wanting to lay low with makeup and not want it to be sexualized by men, which is funny considering her content. You just got slammed the majority of women feel that way exactly Trisha mentions no feelings or gender dysmorphia, which is the medical edition that identifies someone who is transgender. If she were to go to a gender identity therapist and asked who medically transition she would most likely be tonight because she has no gender dysmorphia. She also mentions a weird fixation with Gaiman and the past. She has been obsessed with game in which many find weird. This doesn't make her transgender either. It just means she's, fetishizing homosexuals, like a weirdo very well stated her explanation of being transgender is wildly and correct, and she should not be considered a representative of the transgender community at all. Well, yeah good point: it hurts me to see Trisha talking about choosing your gender when you cannot in fact choose it. Your gender is with you since you're born. It cannot be supposed to change the reasons. Transgender people are transgenders because the gender doesn't match their sex. If I could change my gender to female to match my my few sex organs, I would do it in a heartbeat, because I would no longer have gender dysmorphia just for ya. Oh I'm, sorry dis for you, my bad. It makes me angry to see her inserting herself into a group of people who struggle with this medical condition and the same time get clowned out by transforming people. She has no idea what being transgender is like she's insane bro. This was hella long, but I hope it gave you some insight on the situation. Keep it up and I look forward to it and I got a group from Grayson a super trooper that was actually a really insightful explanation, agree: yeah, exactly I've, never seen her actually describe anything like that, like feeling that her gender doesn't match her sex yeah, which is what trans yeah, but then again, you know like she like Grace, had pointed out dude, you just have a fetish for gay men. That's just a weird thing about you: she's obsessed with Jews and you're obsessed with Jews. Can we talk about that? That's the strangest thing, I ever know. That's the weirdest thing. I can know about anybody. I'm jus, obsessed, hi, I'm, Trisha, Paytas, I'm, a vertigo I'm, a Virgo I like walks on the beach and I'm jus obsessed, oh [, __ ] put that on your tinder profile. Okay, let's get to the bottom of this now, a lot of you guys have been wanting a conclusion to the bachelor with Ian. Yes, I'm, sorry back here, I, don't think we're gonna have that conclusion. We were slated to record it tomorrow. Now we had a big argument argument about this. In the last episode and the third girl, the the wild card does not want to come on. The show is that right in that's, what's been expressed to me yes, and- and why is that? Why is it not on the screen, because I told you we need then to have I, see Dan, just eating chips, all I see is Dan eating chips and I want to say yeah yeah show yourself when you talk here, go ahead, why she don't want to be on the show. Dad almost looked like that gay for dating popcorn like watching the drama. Okay, you know, just not everyone wants to be on camera wants to be a big spectacle. You know. Ah you already told me the reason why you play hard-to-get. Are you only the reason that she doesn't want to be? She doesn't want him to think that she just wants to be on the show. That's that's why we're very specific we already talked about this and now you're telling me what I think right yeah. It's both. Let's just keep it low energy. No there's! No low energy here on this topic, but I feel like every time I bring in on and we have a conversation about something I'm like okay. Let's talk about on the show, it's always like. Oh she, just not. Everyone wants to be on the camera that not always said, there's more information than that. Not everything we say has to be a big okay. My problem is the third girl because she found you through the show. She knows exactly what we're doing here. She can't play that innocent. She knows exactly about the bachelor with the three. What we do here, she decided to you know, talk to you see. What's up now, she ruined it for the other two girls, the game and she won't come on on the show at least say hi. What's up here, I'm the girl that ruined it? Why would she want to do that? You guys have demonized hurry, she's, not go ahead. Zach no I agree with ela I think she totally [ __ ] this up that me. What did you say in I said I don't want to hear from Zach on this. What does that mean? What are you talking about? What is that? What is that? This is low energy. We all are good positive, but not happy, and that caused a lot of a lot of game I'm, not quite sure what what what his advice is invalid him wait. Can you you have to expand on that? Please just I don't want to hear from Zach. He doesn't know cuz. He hasn't he's not on the camera, with this he's not having his dating life. Put all over that alright, that okay, that's fair! That is very fair. Like say, we just start yelling at you, because your girlfriend didn't want to come on. The show like is that very valid? No, he done now hold on hold on, but then again, I am in a relationship with my girlfriend. Stop stop. Why am I on the camera? Having a conversation? Thank you, I committed devoted relationship. This is someone you're talking. Then we have to fix this. You have to have like an override switch er. You know what I mean yeah. Okay, alright go ahead, so don't okay, I feel like that's completely different, because you're you're dating correct you're, not in a relationship I'm, not dating anyone. Yeah, okay! Well, for the sake of the show, I feel like it's been completely messed up. Yes, the integrity is gone and I think we're gonna have to call it so I think we had it. We didn't fully establish so I wasn't supposed to go on any dates or talk to any girls. As long as this was ongoing. That's you know: okay, if or those girls like I wouldn't be upset if either of these contestants were date going on dates right now, because this is so strong out. Okay, let me let me tell you if you found a girlfriend that became serious I would expect you to tell us and then we would call it off your happen, okay, but you have a third girl who you're more interested in you've, been talking to. You had like a few hours conversation but I feel like if she was in this. If she was you've talked to her on the phone in, if she was in this competition with the other two girls, you would choose this third girl Brooke right around just go ahead. Tell the truth: I don't get I'm, not that's irrelevant, though, because why that's not part of the show, but she, but she she came to you through the show. No, she came to me through my dance. If she came through the show we miss, but where did you [ __ ], where how did she find out about you? She is aware of the show actually find out you're single she didn't. She mention the dating how'd. She find out you're single. She on the show. Look at the end of the day. You got a you know, give back to the poppin mama Ethan Aniela, and that's what it's all about. You have to respect and say thank you he's right, no I actually I feel for the other girls. First of all, I wouldn't now bring them here for a pointless date. It doesn't sound. Well, I, don't know if he's in love, but it's more interested. It sounds like in the third girl and one of the other girls, so she does want to come out. That's a whole new thing: I guess it that was the one you were taught Ian start talking. His girl apparently she's like I, don't even come out anymore. After talking to him right hand, I mean it didn't play out exactly like that. Well, I, don't know what I got I, don't feel that it's so and all the for the viewers I mean we're not just making like fake content. There needs to be some realness to it. Well, yeah, and in goes so he goes well, it's just content, isn't it and I say no? First of all, how dare you I, don't know what show you're trying to emulate, but that's how they all operate? No, but the pretense is that they're there for do. You know normal way too many people. Do you know that there's like at least three or four couples from the bachelor and bachelorette that are still happily married to this day? That's not even including the bachelor in paradise, couples that got married and had kids. It's not is it's about finding true love with the third girl, but she won't even come say: hi I'm, calling it off I'm, calling it off. I said: okay! Well, why don't you just? Let's just claim this third girl, the winner, bring her out and record it for the show, see. That's where you know everyone's being a camera, I respect that I, don't know you know. I was all excited. I wrote a flamenco guitar piece. Thank you, Dad yeah, oh my god see. So what I'm thinking of doing is that I want you to have a date now, I'm doing me an email of a date and Zach will serenade us I'll, probably be more romantic anyway, I'm gonna fingers, [ __ ] you're, not on board with this. No well said what do you? What do you want to do? You want to do go through with it with these two girls that claim a winner, especially when we know that one of them doesn't want to come now. So what am I supposed to do on our planned segment? Ian I mean I, don't know with welcome that, didn't even want to come. That kind of botched it anyway, with only two. What happened wasn't working? Can you describe what happened with the girl that didn't want to come? I think they just felt a little uncomfortable to be flown around the world for this and you're talking getting honeymoon, suites and stuff for people that have never even fantasy suite in now. Imagine can you see why that that might make her was weird to be I mean our intentions were were made quite clear, lone around the globe and said here is a honeymoon suite for this person who us for the show, but Ian you're a catch. Any girl would be lucky today. Yes, did I claim Zach the winner. Can we go I got the hair for it. Apparently you don't need our permission in I, don't by the way Ian I'm, not I'm, not forcing anyone. Just bunk with you I mean that's how rageous that's what you said on the flyer out, we'll get her a hotel room and you I'm kidding I'm, not forcing I want to stay in a room with you, so these are things that we should have made clear. Oh wait, that's what that's all she knows. Okay, guys watch the show Dan for more details, yeah the one who's organizing the event, not you any girl would be lucky to come out here and date. You thank you, sir. Don't put yourself down like that. Thank You Zack do I, have any roses for you. Zack I think there's one in the fridge yeah. What do we do about this yeah? This whole thing is a disaster at this point. It's a disaster. That's a disaster. I know. Do we just move on to season? Two doesn't want to participate in this [ __ ]. Maybe this was just a pilot season and we don't even call it tomorrow. This is the pilot. Well, if this is the pilot, the networks definitely not picking it up. Here's the next bachelor bachelorette should we unveil the next back. I. Also feel like I saw people in the comments saying I'm ungrateful for that, for what, for I don't know going on a date for the opportunity Leah, but since day one I was never stoked. I said I was single and then you guys said yeah you have to approve of all day they do falling tripping over their feet. Running to you, you've got women all around the globe sour points for you before calling you an insult. You already moved into the new PDF you wanna be celibate to be an Enzo. You went against the family. That's the part! That's hard about this! Exactly you want to get daddy. What do you glad you answer that charge Ian you sad, those Google shits and you just moved on. You went against the family. No I did I, think you guys are making it worse than it is. I was down to keep going, and then you guys, you know, because we're not fake Ian I, don't know. I feel like this. Their girl threw a wrench in it. Okay, I'd like to think that that you being the model employee that you are a member of this family, as Zack said you would say to me in a perfect world, you would say a third girl approached me. She learned about me on the show I like her a lot to be talking to her I, think that we need to end the end. Up so say: I met a girl that wasn't then I, don't know over the last two months and I I have to disclose that to you. No that's a little different. No, you don't have to disclose that I, don't see how that's different emori moody, [, __, ] stupid. She came to you through the show. What's the difference, no you're not stupid, you're playing dumb right ela. He turn off his mic. Bad air goes out bad air. Put it back on dan he's in charge of his own destiny. Now Ian I didn't mean to call you stupid. I meant you're playing stupid. Okay, there's a difference between a girl who found you through the show and a girl. You randomly met unassociated I'm, just saying we were at Disney having a good time and I said: oh I kind of been talking to scroll little she's, pretty cool and I thought you'd be like oh that's, nice, and then it's become like a huge awful thing. She's called me and she's like I, felt a little uncomfortable about that I'm feeling, weird and I. Don't know she's not happy with these kind of conversations. I, don't think so. Is it souring her experience of being a fan of the show? No, but we could just talk about the adults Awards if you want to do that. Instead, you want to come in here. Is that what you mean? Yeah, okay, come in here: okay, I love! You in I shouldn't have called him stupid. That was rude. That's not what I meant not cool I agree. That was that's not what I meant I meant to say, you're playing stupid. You wanna get on the kitchen floor. Yeah I owe my paw at it. Apology, Ian I apologize for calling you stupid. That's not what I meant to say: I blurted it out and I and I and is actually very, very intelligent, he's very sweet. There wouldn't be the first time people have called me dumb. That's not what I meant I should I apologize that just that was wrong with me. It's okay and you're catchy thank you, Thank You Zach, but but you do acknowledge that I mean you can see the difference between what I meant is like. It should be obvious. The difference between I think we just really the show and not to the show I think we just didn't get all the ground rules at the show that we probably should I guess we need a lawyer here. Yeah we need someone in our greater yeah. Well, we've been through a lot these past 20 minutes and I feel like I snapped a little bit there when I called you stupid, I'm, it's fine I'm, all right, and you know it didn't, take a lot for you to do that. I'm low-energy because I'm, sick I'm, Sarah I'm, low-energy but I just I, just feel so bad I gotta put on that bra and apologize on the kitchen floor. Do this I would be nice, but yes, I was serious about feeling your [ __ ], though I know good well. Ian is here to present to us. Ian was lucky enough to attend the pornhub Awards this year. Yes, I did that to come about someone reached out to us extended the invite to all of us. The two bet in the back didn't really weren't feeling it and you guys it was kind of last minute. So I don't know yeah you know, I mean I would prefer to send a correspondent yeah, so uh I told her yeah sure I'll definitely go I got a plus-one, so a friend of mine came with me and it was. It was a lot of fun. It was really cool, so first of all, I'm interested in both Dan and Zach denied to go on the grounds that they did want to offend their girlfriend, which I thought was interesting. Oh I think that they thought it was disrespectful to the girlfriend. I mean I appreciate how how classic they are, but if it's for work I feel like they should get it past, I'm, not giving it people more [, __ ] today, I'm leaving everyone alone for the rest of the day. Forget I brought it there I feel like I, got a cha big to issue with yeah chill out I'm. Sorry, everyone I'm just trying to entertain everybody here. So this is the pamphlet very nice. It's a high-quality uh. So tell me about the porno Awards, though, did you walk the red carpet? So they gave me the wrong ticket. They gave me a general admission ticket and they had said I'd be lean impress. So we had to sneak in to the red carpet which wasn't too bad I, just kind of pulled a random email up and went Oh, as you can see here, I have to be in there. Oh good job person was kind of like what do you need to do and I'm like I just need to take some photos and she was like okay. I would do that twice: Wow good job, one night, cuz I got kicked out again once you get kicked out well, like then I. They moved everyone upstairs. Who only had this ticket and then I had to get back in. So my friend kind of distracted, the security guard and I, just like, oh my god, snuck in good job, they didn't work, but we have a lot of fans in the oh really in the community. Anyone notable say I do I, wasn't familiar with them, but six different people all came up no way yeah. We have pictures, yeah got a cup now these uh Monsieur where's, the pores and Belle Delphine, was nominated for one. Yes, she was nominated for best celebrity so apparently that categories decided based on searches on pornhub, yeah Oh interesting. So that's why a lot of the names on pornhub yeah, that's weird, so Belle is crushing it on the library. A lot of those people don't do porn. Yeah, Kim Kardashian was nominated. Eople are just searching, her name yeah. Oh that's funny! Um Bella Thorne was nominated. She won the visionary award, not quite sure what her vision is. She directed this. Like short film, that was pornographic, oh really, yeah did they show it. They showed like a couple clips of it. No, when they show stuff on the screen, do they show like it going in. You know, or they just like well op list what about when they presented the award for backdoor beauty top anal performer today, something like that: no anal. What about what about the category as top bbw? What do you see, or you know doing- see a whole lot on that one? Either they buried the lede a little bit. What about the splash zone top squirting performer? Yes, I thought I saw no splash, no splash, so they didn't show any hardware form No. Did you see any titties on the on the screen yeah, but they were dressed yeah which, as last year, a lot of people were naked, but the venue got they moved to like a lot nicer venue and I. Think no nudity I think someone had said you have to work. The email I got, dress code was like please, no nudity, mmm I think the venue required that it's like the walls could talk. What are they afraid of like having some titties in their will? Will lower the real-estate value? What about the category all at the same? Damn time top double penetration performer I didn't see. Any double doubles going on highly experienced top milf performer yeah, of course, yeah, and they had a lot of musical guests a lot of cool artists performed and it was actually a lot of fun. It was cool. I can't find that album. Damn I don't know if I have a time stamp to it here in my document, if you could just send it on this court, but at any rate um. So you so tell me about the process you ran into so funny thing about running into Belle. Delphine is that you were wearing the I own Belle Delphine hat yeah this one here, I put on cuz well, I didn't think she was gonna, be there. I knew she was nominated, but you didn't yeah it. She would fly there from England, so I figured I. Just wear and to represent right and then we were sitting up in the balcony and they said: Belle Delphine won the award during like a break when they were setting up one of the stages and they went she's here in the audience uh what they did. They didn't present it to her. So then my friend actually spotted her in the front row and he was like is that that girl that you mentioned she's dressed as a Grim Reaper? She was like big scythe and her coat said like I, eat children or something it was very sexy, very elaborate costume. She had very easy to spot and she had her pink hair and all that, and so the moment the show ended. I was like we got a run down because you guys were like you got to go, find bet long, yeah put a lot of pressure on you, yeah I found out. He was there. Why not believe that she was there. I was actually excited, we were get. We just got done, giving oh [ __ ], but he I mean it sounds like he really put it all into this. You see through security, you went through there, you caught bail, so yeah, so I ran down there. My friend distracted, the security guard I got inside and then it kind of ran up to her and I was like bail and she looked and she was kind of like hi how you doing kind of like okay and then I just pointed at my hat yeah, and then she saw it and was like holy [ __ ], where, where did that come from and I told her and she was like freaking out about it. I was like. There's like this is the Hat I was like yep that jar right over there, and so she was. You know very stoked on that. That's so awesome and she was so nice really cool person about that. That's really cool, so you said that she didn't accept her award like most people will go up to the stage and accept it right yeah she didn't. They did a bunch of awards that weren't on the camera that they showed so they were kind of like while they were setting up Oh Belle Delphine won best uh. You know kind of told everyone, that's celebrity, so that's interesting, so she wanna know, but she doesn't have actually porn on pornhub right. She just did those trolls yeah, those 12 years old people. She she had enough people searching for her from that yeah that she won the award for best celebrity yeah I. Believe that's how it was picked you, and so you didn't see any tats. You didn't see any sexual activity. No, you didn't see anything interesting, I did go in the bathroom upstairs and there's a photo of that, but you probably can't show it but yeah. Can you send me the dang all the album I did I, don't see it in this card, it's in this court or any are these all safety show because I know some of them had a lot of tittie in it. Well, we can kind of hide the screen and then here let me see, let me uh how come there's, no videos in this right, there's only one video of an acceptance speech for best squirter. Oh you wanted it. What's the reason you captured that one and I just thought it was funny because she said she just thinks like a guy named Mike, probably who makes her squirt, you know that's what she said. I think just number three yeah, that's when I race yeah like that. Okay, here we go so here we go Ian's journey through the pornhub award. What was the deleted? One? Yes, okay, yeah. So here's Ian and ablaze me on the scene, man, great outfit, Wow I was gonna really goof it up, like I was gonna, get out like a fake mustache and like big aviators and a Hawaiian shirt. But then, like five minutes before leaving my friend was like he was like some things came together and I'm looking kind of fly and he came in a suit. He was gonna, do it with me and then I was like well, no I. Don't want to actually look good. Yeah me me and I was like well I think this is way better. This is pretty good yeah, so I was like well shoot and then I had to change quick. But you know this makes the Hat. So tell me if these people- oh here, you go yeah, so that was the carpet and you're upstairs. Oh, so these are fans that came up. Oh so these are both pornographer. So the one on the right is the one on the left, I, don't believe so sheet. That's just her boyfriend by IG. There are a couple people that, if you can cycle through these are all fans, all fans will all work in the industry. I wrote down some of their names already Elyse Kyle, hi, May and Chloe, and her tail yeah. So shout out to all you guys he's got a cocktail in your hand. What's that you're holding yes drink, you know you were making fun of the venue for doing like no nudity, but I think it makes it a little classier yeah yeah. It does, but it's kind of words but I think it's kind of cool to make it like a classy, mm-hmm, fairly stated, and also we won't be able to show any of this right. At the same time, - yeah totally so yeah it was super classy, the it was well what the [ __ ] is. This oh yeah tell me about that one. So I went okay, it's just a sink. It's a bathroom sink with blood covered in blood. I went in the back, so tell me about that. I just walked in there and it was just empty, but those blood everywhere cut from cocaine use. I was thinking like putting on you know the nosebleeds in the nosebleed section. What do we see here? So this is just this was my view. This is a animal age. Look like it's a nice stage! Yeah! It looks great yes, so that was the host um asa akira who's, that she's kind of oh she's, like Japanese, yeah I, know her she's. Just Bobby show a lot yeah, so she was the host and she did a good job. The the puns were out of control and the whole thing. Every I'm like wondering how you write for a show like that, because it was a lot of jokes. It would be like here's. The top performer and I really mean top. You know like horny. You know like that, like non-stop so Bella Thorne, so that was accept her award yeah, so they were really hyping up. Her movie wasn't good for her Rogers. What did browsers mind? What didn't they want? Yeah, they wanna I think just best best. Oh top channel they beat out Black's. Oh yeah I have a hard time believing black to beat hey. They won the that the what's-his-name Weinstein they won. The Harvey Weinstein award. Well he's a big producer and they pride- and you know Pro I- would imagine the peruses they're, probably [ __ ], some of the girls I, don't know if I'm making everyone seen warrant. Let's move on so here's Danica Warrior little speech for really good orientation. They're young well done [Music] the tux burger op squared. Congratulations there Steve! Just congratulations! Thank you to good jobs, and thank you to Steve, especially, is that everything was more so here. I. Think you smell how close realtor I wasn't close enough for smell. You can smell it from that distance. I was a little sick, so you know maybe I'm asking for all the people watching who are says was there? How did she look up close? She looked I mean pretty similar. She looks the same yeah you know. I could see her her wig and stuff that she's rocking, not natural curls but yeah. What was she wearing? Is she wearing lingerie I can't tell I think maybe under it yeah and then the big cloak. She had that she was wrapping this big cloak. It's pretty bad. Everyone was really excited to see her like as I was right after this Riley read-write came up and was like sorry to interrupt your guys conversation, but I just was wondering if I could get a photo with a bell and and I don't have like a halt. She was very gracious. She took posed with a bunch of people, but he seemed to be very big hit there. Oh yeah she's, dude, she's I, don't know that I mean I, don't know much about what she's done, but I don't think she's ever gone out in public. Like this he's very mysterious. That's all I was taken aback by you know how how open and she was very sweet. Yeah I'm surprised, there's not more video I know you had an idea for a sketch to like ask interview, porn stars and asking what they thought about the Kurdish situation. Whatever happened with that I guess didn't really get the access. You didn't have the access man yeah. So this is afterwards. You went and chased her down. Yeah so I was in an area was a realist style access. Yeah I was really like Michael Moore in there charging people and you know, did you ask her any specific questions? Did you get to the bottom? I asked her um I told her that we'd love to have her on. Obviously, thank you very good. Clearly undid that direct I asked her. Did you really get arrested and she was like I can't speak on that yeah they're enough, you know, I, don't remember anything else. Just a couple rapid-fire things I said you guys obviously, would love love to have her yeah. She was wondering where you guys were yes. Well, so not there unfortunately have a baby yeah yeah I can't bring the baby I, don't think I feel like I feel like in a parallel universe. We could have gone to that I, don't mind going to this event. Yeah. It was fun in the maze. It was great, a parallel universe where we didn't have a it was all comes. What I mean well, because we don't know anything yeah not with that. We would just have to plan for it, and this was all kind of very last minute yeah. Now it's all like. We need to coordinate who's watching theater or watch day. Uh who's got the dogs well 2020, pornhub. Exactly this picture is this is yeah I'm, so glad I found her yeah I was worried, I'd missed her I was like waiting for a while. Everyone was leaving. The security was kicking people out, jake, paul sprinted by oh, my god, what the hell and him and that guy from impulsive like Logan's, sidekick yeah and they looked all like frantic and crazy, he's- probably hit a lot in the bathroom yeah I think Tina was Tanner. She was nominated for something yeah I think she was no mood for best top top celebrity. That's that's amazing that Belle won even without having like actually anything on pornhub except those gags yeah. Well, what does Tana have important? People are searching, tannaz name so yeah and then at the very I'd been in there and I was about to leave and then she finally came off. Yes, so glad you know who you were no. No, that breaks my heart, no idea we're following it all alive as ian was updating and it was very exciting. I think she would even be there and there yeah she's there well I and I asked I was like I'm, really surprised. You were here, and she said that it was kind of very last-minute opportunity, and then she took him up on it and then she was leaving back to England like the next day. So she kind of came in knew the word. So it worked out. Well, that's disappointing. She didn't know who you were cuz I always assumed. She was a super fan. A super fan, yes, I guess it means she's just been watching. Get her part you know of the podcast mm-hmm you gotta know who in the Internet well in we were just so good out. We were so proud of you that you got out there. You got the photo you snuck in and you really you really made it happen, and so on this day we supplied a little something special to honor, you, okay, so first one dollar bill, oh wow, and what this symbolizes is that you are no longer an intern. You are a salaried employee that you've officially been paved okay and then also here, we've got ya Employee of the Month into salaried employee. Right here, and here that's for you well we're gonna, put it up on the wall, and then here it says, Employee of the Month awarded to Ian the salaried employee awarded by the ashley podcast well done excellent work this month and you are an example of you. You are an example to your colleagues. Keep it up proud of you and that says employee, not intern. Oh have you noticed, so you are no longer known as Ian the intern. You are here for known as Ian the salaried employed congratulate to spend it all at once. Don't blow up, you can still get demoted. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, salaried employee everybody. We appreciate it incredible. Yeah get out get out yeah! Thank you. That was awesome and I am really glad that you went yeah. This picture is fantastic, I mean damn. Now we have to address Ethan every time we talk about. Bill people get upset. Why and comments because they think that I am upset. Oh you're upset because they think that you're obsessed with bail well I personally you're gonna make a joke, but I personally have no I, don't see it that way and I don't know why people see it that way. I think people just I mean I play it up like that I joke yeah I asked Ian. How does she smell, which is I? Think for anything to ask, but do you feel that, oh, why do you have to ask that one I say to you: how did she smell I? Don't yeah you shouldn't cuz I'm joking and you're, not insecure, you're, my wife of seven years, and you know that I'm just kidding around that I don't actually want to [ __ ] bail, I feel like, even though what she does is pornographic. We can appreciate the hustle Oh, which is worse, we boat and by appreciate you mean no, no I've, never jerked off to bail delphine point: it's not my cup of tea the whole. Although she scares me honestly, she scares me a little bit. I feel like she's, so freaky that um, like on her patron I, said she's into daddy. Dom I was like, oh god, I, don't even hey! She wants me to roleplay as her daddy. No no dad's involved here. Well. Actually, when we have sex now illa it is kind of daddy Dom, because I'm dad now but yeah I mean I, don't know if people are serious but yeah I don't know, but I keep seeing it every time. So I feel like I should say something just so people know so I I kind of feel. Like it's hey, I, don't know to me. It seems clear, but I guess it's not to everybody. I can't I, don't know if they're kidding either, but we're all just having fun here. Obviously, in some of them aren't from what I've seen it seems pretty serious Oh for real yeah people getting upset about it, yeah Oh. What are they saying like just like that? You're the US would hurt yeah I didn't know about that. Yeah, oh well, chill out idiots, find yourself getting offended on behalf of somebody else in a relationship. Take take a step back. That's like it! That's an insult comment. Yeah who's like I, wouldn't if I had either I, would never treat her that disrespectfully it's kind of insulting to everyone, in my opinion, to assume that we can't, first of all that we can't appreciate what she does, because it's pornographic and immediately means that you just are obsessed with her. You know it can be separated and, second of all, I don't know I like what she does yeah it's the same. People who are like anti twitch thought is. This is crazy and sell these. These dislike really toxic thread through these are lonely. Pathetic men who, who think that having a pair of tits, is the ultimate trump card in life and they're, first of all, pissed that they're able to make money by being hot girls and, second of all, that they don't get to [ __ ] them, and so they see you as a hot girl. First of all, on top of all that and how dare I disrespect you? If you were my girl, I, would fist you every night: that's what they imagine. It feels good dancers. Yeah I mean it's got. That must be someone who really has no maturity on a relationship level, we're here in a podcast we're having fun we're having last yes, if Belle Delphine was close to me, I would smell her hair. That doesn't mean that I, don't love Elin, that I wouldn't cherish each I want to continue the church Eli's, my wife hard there. You say that doesn't mean that if I heard Bell Fein like pass gas, that I wouldn't pretend to go. Tie my shoelace and smell her ass, that that doesn't mean that I, don't love. My wife doesn't mean immediately that I would cheat on Belle Jaden he'll I mean I feel like we've talked about it before we. We appreciate what she does. I think she's, a really funny entertainer, you don't see a lot of strong powerful females and that I think that's what she is and I don't and I think it's just full. Well like there was all these super angry in cells that master an Instagram account yeah, it's like bro. Why are you angry just get like seriously get a [ __ ] life, if you're actually angry that she trolled you with the fake porn bro? Oh my god, try explaining that to a significant other. Why are you upset because this poor girl I, like trolled me on the internet, she's just gonna post porn, but she only posted a picture of her actually eating the cream pie, so I'm getting a cream pie? Bro you have you know in cells. Is the new terrorist organization there's more shootings performed by in cells? Then freakin Islamists in this country confirm that to agree with that Dan, but there's more in cells than Islamists doing mass shootings. No doing mass shootings in America, oh yeah, I, don't think there's been any Islamist area, so mass shootings I mean I'm, pretty sure. That's not true either, but you're, probably right about there being more I can't recall Oh. What's there I can't recall it's always so many nice, you know yeah. Oh yeah, you're right now. If that was an Islamist, so they do get one point for that. Congratulations! As long as I look, it's unfortunately hard to keep tabs on them all. Yeah I can't rattle off the top of my they're out there. There pass dude yeah I, don't get the whole insult thing, it's just it's! So it's like bro, just if you weren't so pathetic. It's almost like the chicken and egg they're so pathetic that they can't get laid. It's like just stop being so pathetic and you will get laid yeah. Do you know what I'm saying Zack? What we're off the rails here, yeah, congratulations! Bel the rails just broke Dan yeah, we're off the rails. We're off I want to show you guys a Turkish. My boy sees the end. Did some crazy, watermelon gags? Look at this [ __ ] dude. The force that comes out of that watermelon is crazy. Oh Miley way exciting development. Here. Did you look at the description to watch description of this post? What he's got English? Can you guess what is inside my watermelon, oh [, __, ] I think we're single-handedly responsible or him branching out to the English community. You know I was I was on his page and he deleted a lot of his videos yeah one day ones with the sad face. Bro I've noticed a lot of people on Instagram. The only on the soft brain I've noticed a lot of people on Instagram deleting their old pages. That I don't understand why Oh Instagram you're really gonna play like that. Alright won't eat my dick eat it. So what was this a watermelon video? Is this a science yeah sinus channel he's branching out we're doing it all man, but I'm I'm shocked at the force of that explosion? Oh yeah! That's that's! Really something step back there. Damn look at that! [, __, ], alright I mean it's still blowing up thanks man I did it. It's probably just uh like the mentos trick, but look at the foam knots so much [, __ ], it's falling. It's so much fun and it looks really cool. Graduation is czn for stepping up his game. Once again, can we try that? Yes, absolutely down looking to that I? Really, we should for the charity stream, make Joey solid stand over it. Looking in I, don't know there have been questions about Joey solids. You know if to include him yeah white, just because he's like a neo-nazi and well. We always humiliate him as part of the show. It's always that it's always to his detriment like he suggested he wanted to set himself on fire this year and make it look like an accident. I was like I'll. Let me see if that's covered on my insurance, Joey yeah, what's to dislike about Joey salads, there's no incited race, Wars I, like how he's become like a trump reply. Guy now, yeah exactly because applies to everything. Trump ever posts he's promoting his run for Congress or something cuz he'll he'll like suck Trump's dick immediately with some like immediate comment and then under his comment. We like support me for my run for Congress and then under that is just 500 pictures of him. Pissing him naked pissing in his own mouth. It's so funny. It's the best ever but he's getting out photos a lot. So if Joey actually wins a seat and Congress I think what do we do about? That move? I'll have to run against him and then, following a like that, no not moved an action starts here. We must be the change that we see in the world. I will unseat him that would be [. __ ] loves off. We might need to do a vote or something and make a decision cuz. It's becoming a big decision if to have Joe, solid, yeah, I think the vote overwhelming yes, but I'll. Let the people decide mmm good. There has been some concern expressed from the understood participants, their life stream I want to help them like that. I didn't say who yeah I went out like that, but I mean from fans as well. That's ooh! Why don't we make a strawpoll and put it in the description and everyone who gets this deep end go to the description unfold it and then you'll see a strawpoll will say: should Joey salads be included in the next charity stream? And you can vote yes or no just remember. If, yes, it will be something like humiliating to him. Maybe we'll make him drink. His own piss again well, maybe eat his own doodoo when he was when he was puking. That was some funny [ __ ]. You see Thank You Zach. He was in a damn pool of milk. What do you guys vote Danny and Zach? You know what my vote is: don't I I, don't think politics should be brought into it. I don't think so. If we keep it a non political arena, yeah yeah we got a no. We got it. Yeah he's funny I like Joey as a person on a personal level and I can't think about it. Um I'm not sure I got a mullet over yeah weigh all the pros and cons on this. One I mean if people don't want him here than that I feel like the vibes gonna be off, you know, yeah, it's all about the vibes Ethan come on arguing because we want to be happy charity all right. So then Zach you've all heard of eat. Uh, -, uh, Joey Danny, you Altair old Antony, the mayonnaise cake yeah. If, if it's for a good cause, I will yeah I'll do something I'll do some crazy. I am gonna, puke live on it. Maybe maybe we should all we we can. We can donate for you to taste it and then donate again when you're pure mmm cool. We should devise maybe something terrible for all of us to do yeah and then so at each milestone. We yeah do something horrific like somebody should hit me. Full yeah I heard that that's okay, we in your own mouth I mean how can we show that? Do you planning on ever running for Congress ya, know if you do it anything for the show you're planning to be Attorney. General like what I'd like to do is maybe hit the Gatsby full-speed into a wall. Oh man, that's old news, dude, no, but you're right, but it's been done, but nssj huh I'll. Do it harder, but not like retention. No, like straight into a wall yeah intentional straight into a wall. Faulty people should suggest what each of one of us thank you. Yeah I, don't know what mine would be but I'm down to debase yourself in somewhere, like that something yeah something all right, but if it is for a the right dollar amount and anything for the show I will take a sip of urine. Was that I? Don't think anyone actually wanted to see that but I have a dollar exactly I wanted I wanted to have touched on this last episode, but we had this wonderful moment from Bobby, Lee and kalila is where Dan interrupted to go to break. During one of the most touching heartwarming moments, the Bobby Lee had used to pray and really believe in God I used to go God. Please kill this [ __ ] [, __ ]. You know hey guys, I'm so sorry to interrupt. We got to go to break [Laughter]. That was such a fantastic moment. I could tell you we're in on him by the way you actually yeah, yeah, hey guys, I'm. So sorry to interrupt. We gotta go to clean sound bite. I got hate for that. It was so hate POTUS on the subreddit, but not really did they get a lot of traction, no I. It was my responded. Actually you did a rookie Missy, don't respond owner up, we gotta go to break [Laughter], I, definitely pushed Dan to do it, but his timing was like superb. There was no good time there was so heavy yeah cuz I I was the I knew you need to go to break but yeah only it was like he was really getting some heavy stuff there. Actually we had I had people who were fans of his shows who are friends of mine who were saying they've never seen him get that real before even on his show, yeah and so Dan kind of totally [ __ ] that up it was a great episode, and but it was a great moment then thank you for your service. You did hey guys, I'm, so sorry to interrupt. We got break anyway. We had a it generated, a lot of great memes review with you, oh yeah, the Walter Cronkite, the president has been Dan. We go, we got to go to break the answer to life is, but you should hit me with the soundbite Zach. We got to go to break you got it hey, guys, I'm, so sorry to interrupt. We don't know right, we gotta go to break. Do you have the technology it just says: yeah we've got acknowledge it to cut out a go to break yeah you ready, Zach yeah. The answer to life is so sorry to interrupt. We got to go to break coming a little bit earlier. A plane has crashed into the world, I go to break there. You go Epstein, didn't commit suicide, Alan came yeah, Epstein didn't commit suicide. What's going on you're just pushing a button. I don't understand, interrupt. We gotta go to break what is really happening at area. 51 is so sorry to interrupt. We got to go to break Zach. You gotta cut him off. You gotta cut him off dude. What's going on, Obama's last name is already interrupt. There, you go I, don't get that one I think it's just cuz it's stupid because his last name is Obama. It's it's all I've seen people repeat: oh my dad dies already interrupt. The P is stored. I'm having a stress, Abraham Lincoln is already interrupted, a break four scores in all right now. You just push that here's, a Kanye interrupting was it Taylor Swift yeah I include the little caption so sorry to interrupt yo, Bobby I'm, really sad for you and I'm gonna. Let you cry, but we just got to go to commercial make right now. Ela can I drop the n-bomb? What's the n-bomb, just no Ethan, don't mozzarella break time. Wow write this here, all right. We're duty bound to report it. So that's a new one. Eh I like it honestly you like that I love it can we get done with honestly. So that was a great thing for that. You don't have any sound bites of me and I. Don't know how I feel about that. I have the the what up big pimp! Sena! That's true! That's true, but those are all good. The gun shot is so good. I can I can find them just like yeah or what is it? The people say you say: yeah right, yeah, yeah, yeah, honestly, there's a couple of those stories here. I saw this I was browsing. Facebook and one of my friends, mom said: I grew up with Thomas [ __ ], you guys fail. Oh no I can't open it. Cuz Facebook makes you log in all right. That's the dumbest [ __ ]. There was a deep, fake I wish. I could show to you guys it was a scene from The Shining, where they superimposed, Jim Carrey's, face over Nicolas Cage's face, and it was obvious that it was a deep fake because it was like scene for scene and I had like 20 million shares of all these Facebook moms going Wow Jim Carrey is so talented he totally and I'm, like god, that's scary and I'm like yeah, it's scary. It was all these moms that didn't know that it was fake by the way sorry - I was done. Talking up, we gotta go to break yeah whisky. You skipped over the Halloween planning. Was that on purpose, or did you forget because no Halloween planning? Well, we are gonna plan for Halloween special segments how's that going to end we want to get I want to send into a haunted house to get into like one of these really scary ones. You know what I'm saying where they have like chainsaws and [ __ ]. Are you okay with that Ian, yeah and um? And thank you he's into this and I want to spend the whole crew to the Queen Mary absent clearing. All of us yeah, all of us, so I'm gonna, go, although in fact I'm thinking even to get a cameraman, so we can all be on the mime row. Yeah your bro is gonna record. Are we gonna sleep there? No I just want to do a tour. I want to find I got time for this [ __ ]. Where is it the Queen Mary thing that you're talking about is a haunted house. You can all it's kind of the same thing: oh, no, no there's! No! It's! The boat itself is supposed to be creepy and weird, but it's not like jump scares. It's just like during Halloween that it is like jump scares. There's normally like the ghost tours there yeah, but during Halloween they turn it I. Think it's I! Think it's outside the I think it's there, but outside the boat. It is haunted. Well, if it's a jump scare I don't want to do it I'm not doing it. Why I just don't think we would be able to capture that -? Well, we got to do it within by like all of us. It's good point. A lot of those I worked one years ago at Six Flags a couple years in a row, and they they don't let cameras in well. We need to reach out we if anyone works at one of these haunted houses. Please reach out to us, because we need some special permission to record there, but I wonder if you could give them a call down and see if anyone's down just say: hey we're from they shoot podcast. We are the most popular show on the planet. We have all over the streets, they're saying that yeah yeah ask anyone on the street: we've got millions and millions of views were highly respected. In all entertainment circles, we've had bill, burr brock obama, george w bush senior, really we've had Roseanne Barr. Would that be like, though we do the whole episode from the boat or I think it would be. It I think we would make a segment and then we'd have an segment at the haunted house, and then we will comment on it. So it'd be like 50% segment, 50% us commenting on the segment. Okay sounds fun: yeah, Halloween spectacular! Let's do it! We don't much time so I guess so we got to rattle this a couple week. We have all the DAGs, so it's a day trip it's here in Long Beach, oh okay, yes close couple hours, not even it's yeah, it's relatively close. I think I'm unspookable so I'll be interested to see me too I mean not jump scares and chainsaws. I, don't like all that stuff, but like in terms of like creepy ambiance, unless yeah I'm, fine I think that I'm unspookable so I'll be going in there I think all three of you guys are gonna get extremely spooked, though, why I know I, know Ian and Zach will dance, Dan, I'm, less sure about well I got a question: I, don't believe in ghosts. Oh no! Not really! You guys asked like ghost story questions, but like do you guys believe not now, if the show that's, why we'd never like that segment, even though the fans like it, because it's always the whole time you're just thinking this is [ __ ], yeah I'm, like yeah I'm thinking this person's before all crap and I, always preface it was saying I, don't believe in any of this [ __ ] and it was a deal with everybody got angry at me because I wasn't taking it seriously yeah. Well, we went to like the scariest place. It was so dumb. The devil's job doubles devil's [, __ ], some scary places in the middle of the night, and there was nothing there except some critical noises and crickets and and then what they do. Is they whip out these like apps, it's like yeah on the App Store is gonna, be picking up. Ghost sounds and it's like over, like the extra backdoor detectors ago, I I second bells when I was a girl, whoa crazy. That goes just said. He sucked balls when he was a girl. I said you think it's so stupid. Why you want to do this? Queen Mary I, think it'll be funny. I think it will be funny. I think that it will be funny. Cuz I'll go there unspookable where I went with post. He wanted to be spooked. He wanted to believe. I did not want to believe I'm unspookable, but what, if I, do get spooked? That's funny, that's ten! So there's a lot of happening, but Ian and Zak will be scared, I think Dan. The ghosts will get to Dan I. Think that really gets me wet. How? How are you and Zach feeling about ghosts? I, don't think. We've ever discussed, not um yeah your spook. Well, here's something Halloween is my favorite holiday, but as far as like Paranormal Activity I, don't know if I necessarily believe in it I'm just scared of it, scared of it being real, hey, no he's something! Well I mean yeah. He entertains you can have a hard time in there. Ian I, don't believe in any of it. I think I'm, unspookable Wow. Well, no it'll be interesting, we're all unspookable except Zach. You know we should do it going through and then all of us stop walking and then Zach starts wondering like for a minute by himself and he goes guys and then we're all gone. Just [ __ ] with Zach yeah. Do you think that place you went to cuz you were in a group, it made it less scary. They were trying to be scared. I, don't know, I mean if I was by myself I'm. Well, if I was by myself, I wouldn't even know that the place was being haunted. I'm, more scared of homeless people know we're in the middle of the night. Yeah I'm scared of tweakers hit is stabbing with their AIDS needles, I think more than ghosts. You know what I mean yeah yeah I won't do like the jump scare haunted house as well. You know [ __ ] that yeah always [ __ ] I. Don't have a hard to turn that [ __ ] is not quite Ian's. Can do that the salaried employee right hand yeah right well, I, think the Queen Mary will be fine, has a better suggestion for the Halloween episode leave it in the comments. If you do see what you got, I think the Queen Mary will be fun. Maybe we all go trick-or-treating I just go in at diaper, I'm, trick-or-treating, I'm, Bobo. Okay, what else we got here we're off the rails. Fortnight is offline and people are freaking out. I! Guess it's back it's back now, but there was some funny things that came out of they I don't give a [ __ ] I can't talk about this I really don't give a [ __ ] people were crying. Kids were punching the screen. Here's the kid punching his screen. This was funny. I heard this is what's going on here in the world, went four nights down. You see you uh, wait. He didn't even break the TV I thought he broke the TV, it's just a black hole, pretty cool! Oh it didn't break epic. Well, here's something we can end on where's Noah Friday, because we're moving it's you know the guy. Who did the stop I'll just turn it down the guy who did the sub sub sub calm? Did the data every cop I've ever done, and it's guys got a lot of free time. This guy's got so much free time. I was telling the guys here. This is just the soundtrack of my life. There's a lot in that video dude. There's a lot of coffee in that video really doesn't like Ethan scoffing, like the dogs, can bark and is unfazed and then Ethan coughs and he's just like every time he gets startled by it. I don't know why this is pretty interesting to watch. I'm not gonna lie it's like a buzz for the path. This guy really went through all these huh we're back. What's the duration on this video we are Wow, not even I mean we're only 1/7 the way through 7 minutes. So that's it hey this. It was a tube. This video only has 300 views, 295, not a lot. Apparently people don't want to watch this - all right. Well, this way like we could use this guy's uh expertise, yo I, wonder if this guy wants to do highlights for us Dan all right, ribs, Tibbs, right, -, right, I, see email it podcast at a space. Reproduction comic, damn we'll reach out. We have work for you, you're hired. He says in the tub in common. This took four months of watching every single issue: I give them a dollar coughing clips. This is insane I need it's dedicated in my life. Can you imagine working for months and it just has two hundred ninety five years? It's a super, fine, really yeah. We need this, maybe just published it. I got some news after this it it was published three days ago. There you go. That's not a lot of use for three days of work, but anyway, I need someone this dedicated in my life for sure. Okay, let me skip to the end and see I'm College. Oh, he went through Ethan in yellow too so we're not gonna. Have some Friday cause we're moving, we'll have a little scoop on that later, better I'll tell you more about that. I'll talk about it later yeah, but yeah we're moving, and so we're not gonna be unfair. Do you have any guests next week or anything damn well and we were supposed to have Tricia I, don't know, that's I! Think she'll accept my apology. We'll see yeah! Well, it was hard film uh-huh. Well, what's the first cough ever, let's find out, let's go to the very end, shirtless the tie, wow, that's old as [ __ ]. It was always there that was it yeah bell, pepper, oh yeah, that was it Wow when I was a there's the first time. I did anything funny I feel like with the bell pepper and we've filmed that more like. That was pretty funny, and there was like this bell, pepper. That looks like an anus that was like so putrid and it was making me gag every time. Look at our room, I kept wearing a torn shirt. Look at my desk can't even fit anything on there. He said I Nate it we had so little space. You know damn it was a real one you could tell, but she was with me even back then yeah. This guy went deep. Damn the quality is so bad all right, that's it guys have a great week. We can keep slamming keep bow. I am and keep slamming keep blaming. I have apologies to issue I apologize to Trisha Paytas for calling her hey, I, don't believe I called her beached well, I think I just said she wrote. She looks like she washed up in the ocean. I apologize for that I apologize for saying she looks like an open, casket corpse, I apologize to Ian for calling you an idiot. That's not what I meant all that was very rude, very abrasive! That's not! Who I am it's not? Who I want to be? At least it is Who. I am, but it's not where I wanna be so Ian I apologize, I, respect you and I I, just I I mean the show won't be the same without in the salaried employee. So thank you to Ian. Thank you to Dan, take it as AK, then what do I? What do I call them? You described him as grizzle Grey's 'old right apologies to Dan for describing as grizzled and old. That's fine! Oh! You have Pete apologize, yeah, I didn't think so. That's real I thought people made some funny analogies to the office. If I'm Michael Scott people are saying that Zac is Ryan because I was referring to him as young and green and Dan is Toby and Ian is uh who's. Ian, oh he's gem. Then you know who you are Ella, you're, Dwight, you're. Definitely the white! You have to be I, love that I [Music] thought I was gonna, get where I'm Michael. You have to be Dwight, that's the perfect honored to be Dwight. So we need to hire more people to complete the analogy, hopefully like 20, more yeah, we're definitely missing a Creed and we're missing a I mean I think without a costume, pretty much yeah, but that made I think we got the majors covered. We just need a Creed, so who is Toby then Dan, stubby, hmm for sure yeah! Oh well! Thank you guys. If you want to extend this analogy, please feel free to leave a comment. If you I don't know, there's a pen, I, don't know I, don't know guys I. Just what can I say. Hey guys I'm so sorry to interrupt. We got to go to break. You want to say anything. You know mm-hmm, damn it Zach Ian and won't got anything to say have a great week, everybody Ian great week, great week, everybody that's the net. That's though Nate word of the week great week. Thank you everybody for listening. This has been another episode of the HDTV podcast worldwide Tata [Music] [Applause] [Music].