Three two well well well Friday, who would have expected we'd be here the day after Thanksgiving, yet here we are because we recorded this on Wednesday, but don't let that fool? You, because today is a landmark episode of the h3 podcast I guarantee. This is something that we will look back on for years decades to come, maybe even millennium, to come when we get our brains beamed up to the cloud we'll be looking back for thousands of years now. Let me describe what we have planned here today, because this is not a usual episode of the a street podcast today as a special Thanksgiving themed Zach. Can you slam the door as hard as you can? Oh it didn't even work. Yeah I tore the door off the hinges in the last episode. I think you just tore the top one off the door is just totally. Okay, no worries Brock. The hinges here. We're good today is a Thanksgiving themed episode. Man outdoors, we put like a stopper like a doorstop yeah. Maybe a stopper yeah I'll work on it today and what would it be at Thanksgiving? Themed episode without the whole gang here with us is, of course, Ella the beautiful the gracious Eva Klein. Thank you who for clapping, yes, we're clapping we're thankful to thank yeah absolutely with us, is Zach nomads. Well. Thank you. Thank you very much. Who was donned in a big lebowski shirt. Donny's last moments on this earth rest in peace Donny with us. We have Ian the intern who, despite his face, is happy to be here. He's happy to thank you thank you and, of course, Dan. The producer was there. He makes it all happen. He fixes doors to Gatsby's and everything in between the reason that we've all and Sarah who, by the way, is on the life switch. Does she have a camera life switcher? She does okay, it wouldn't be possible without cero, and we also have our host. Thank you now guys. Oh we've got an shredder, and so why are we all assembled here today? Well, here we have a pumpkin pie, as is tradition, but beside it we have Cool Whip, a time-honored topping and yet another giant jar of mayonnaise, oh boy, somehow males becomes a tradition here on the HD poxy I, don't know how? How did it may I become the judicious, but was it the horsey sauce that started? It know what start yeah? We watched the world-record mayonnaise, the woman eat all those German. Oh and you thought you could take yeah. You made a valiant effort yeah, but that's so so began the legend of mayonnaise. Well, today we have a special episode where we are playing: try not to laugh everybody's on Rue of favorite genre. Videos on YouTube I thought. Here's the deal. Each of us is presenting a collection of videos designed to make everybody else laugh now, at the end of the round, I have a tally. I have five notepads for each of you here, so you keep a tally of who failed and the loser. Everyone else gets a delicious taste of pie with cool hwhip. The loser gets a taste of pie with a huge thing of Mannix and guess what they have to finish it or they're fired something's got to be at stake, hold your feet to the fire Dan. Do we have a sponsor, oh yeah, and today's episode is sponsored by manscaped, also proud and happy to announce that it is Black, Friday and Teddy. Fresh is Black Friday 30 to 50 percent off everything on the website did I stutter, yes from color blocks to new releases to time old classics, everything 30 to 50% off. If you want at any fresh now is the time you will never see prices this low again, the color block has never been on sale before it's 30% off. It's outrageous. You better get over there quick before, while supplies last, isn't that right. Ii, though that's right a lot of plugging H pastry shop as well. We have a lot of time to plug the a shoestring shop, but we'll talk more about that later. Let's, meanwhile, just get into it dan, the wizard is attempting to fix the door, he's putting a he's, putting a lens cap underneath, but it seems too thin what about yeah? It's, not the Jeremy. Oh there you go. We shoved some used Kleenex under this. Alright Dan have a seat, I guess: I'll go first and some here, I have 11 videos lined up and I have to tell you guys, I'm, extraordinarily confident, mm-hmm. Okay, the rule is going forward. Is that you can smile, you can stifle a smile, but the moment you like make a noise. You giggle, you cackle, you exhale through the nose right. What's the verdict on a smirk? No, no like a no, you know no, but if it was a silent, but it's okay, you know if you're like smiling I, think ultimately the presenter needs to be the one who who draws the there will be a clear winners and losers here. Yeah I think it. Somebody will merge who's gonna, be the weak link here. I feel like I'm in a laughable moment. I need to like wait. I think Jax is gonna, be the weak link. I was gonna, say: Zach -, yeah, I I laugh at everything, so in Ian's, a tough cookie, Dan, there's so much at stake for Dan Dan's. The only one I usually I'm, a hearty laughter as the audience knows, but but I'm gonna be trying real hard yeah. So I don't know, what's gonna happen with damn button, I mean guys, it's gonna be tough. It's gonna be tough, even for me. So well. What? If you laugh at your own video yeah, then they're not allowed and I'm [ __ ]? Oh, you can laugh at your own video. You should definitely be able to so you can kind of just goading everybody else into it. Absolutely! Yes, oh there's everyone I agree. I can laugh at my own videos, so you're like in flats, fun, yeah, I, think that that makes it way more. Okay, so Onishi on recently had we're starting we're starting we're starting I'm presenting you guys, cannot laugh, get it out now get it out. Next to me, are you guys ready so in tasting? What we do is take a classic right here: I'm gonna invert. The spoon cover all 9000 tastebud area warming up driving up that top go I had a great band there, vanilla, smiling I'm, trying not there if I had never seen this before I would definitely be laughing Wow. Okay, that's good I mean there's a lot. Okay, this one I feel you're going to do a spoken word for us now right right and tell us what we're about to hear. Oh you're, just a free staff. Okay, I'm, just gonna pick it up. Is there a style? Well, let me sit back. Go ahead. Marshall, okay, classics years ago they tried to exact slap years ago. They tried to [Laughter] laughs. Did you try to read something from your book? Yeah yeah lost it I feel like you left. Do you but like do? What does it say? I think he just gets one ding yeah, there's no, there's no scale here. Well, how many times I went Apple laughs, no one impervious it then it's dealer, slipper has the most dings at the end. Is the one that only one yeah, okay, you're right right so like since the zach has more laughs. I can laugh on the next one and he'll still there's a lot of rodeo save yeah, okay, okay, gotcha! Is that one ding? For me? That's one! Okay! So those you add an ins, a couple: okay, okay watch closely. Everyone watched ever do right, I'm! Sorry, let me do that again. You guys watch this. Oh no laughs, mm-hmm account. If it's after the video, yeah daddy's lap was the thing I can't about watch it again. [Laughter] because you already are you? Are you laughing at my line? Wait! What are you doing, though? I was keeping an eye on you. He looked like he was. Had you had a chuckle, you had a chuckle, very end. Zack's laughs got me. You could get me in here. Okay, so you guys go okay, so everybody were full focus now. Okay, what really happened on that Thursday here at Augusta, high school that led to Chris Wood's death, [, __ ] flying in my mouth, [, __, ], I can't see pilot and kid get the [ __ ] out this country, [ __, ], okay, I'm doing it again, so you guys miss I love that led to Chris Wood's death. What are you doing? You can't look away? No! You are looking away during the funniest moment in the video look. Would you watch that TV? What really happened on that Thursday here at Augusta high school that led to Chris Wood's death? They don't know I feel like you just exhale from your nose. Okay, dance, great I, love this video and what's the laughing up to that one Garrett. Did you guys know this video yeah I didn't see? No, you going all classics! Yeah yeah! What's going on here, I told you I'm, not okay, fresh died, I'm here to come here to kill watch good evening, I'm Ken, Bastida Dana is off tonight. He was murdered and then set on fire while celebrating his birthday one more time. This is like the best you ever [Music] seen: Dana is off tonight. He was murdered and then set drying, so that real is that there was supposed to be a comma between those two yeah. He was just reading the teleprompter and they're kind of two-sentence man together, they're, okay, I just remembered another one I'll show you guys. Oh, come on [Music] [Laughter] [Music]. What you that we all do with that huh, the pink ice cream, looks pretty good. The Baskin Robbins [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Laughter], like all this guy I've seen this guy before I thought, people, posters and say this was we got? Is this another ding I got a ding. Everybody along this guy is the ultimate there. You go very good, very good, yeah, remember him! Okay, this is come on. This is a deep, a 100 yeah, there's no other one like this particular one in the world, and you can see the tracks go this way and it's really cool because it records much more accurately. Nothing I've seen that one, a bunch I knew exactly when it came. Even so, I was able to brace myself yeah. Also, I think that I think that's fake I, don't think it's fake, I think the old man I, don't think there's an on it. I could be wrong that all guys know in that comments. I think he's just acting 'I'm office. What's the current score, don't worry: [Applause] [Music], [Applause], [Applause] [Music], you never seen it. Why are you putting up cruller [Music] [Music] [Music]? The determent is now lasted. The trolls [Applause] see flashes from people taking pictures of them. [Music] can't do it proud, even though most popular super partner, it's just a spectacle. It's just a spectacle to you it's just funny, because the cops and they're always right right. You wanna, go. Why don't you go [, __, ] off with your camera and stuff, stop Phil I'm, saying I'm not getting permission to film. You closed? No, this! Actually a privately-held, really you're going to explain it to me will tell me why they're closed I, don't know Cadillac favor! You doesn't want you in ok, I gotta, say: oh man, you're annoying me wait what's the score, what is oh I need to know worried about the score. Ok, this one I feel like is uh. This one might might I mean this I, don't know you guys [Music]. Are you laughing you uh, hey good, really, you know he's into it. Oh, this is a good one, and are you smiling you're laughing yeah? The joy that this brings you is making me laugh. This one is just more confusing to me. How does this happen he's at 14,000 views? This is the deep cuz I'm voting for 2010. This is one of my all-time favorite, video, okay working. It doesn't views for the 2010 meme of the decade. He's gonna get him off. He's gonna get every last balloon. Oh he's struggling on this one. That's a big one! That's a big one! Oh that's a big boy! It's a finish: yeah [Music] balloons, old people, popping balloons finish! Oh he's he's a veteran he's been popping those balloons since 47 yeah, a champ got more damn whatever happened to totally crap bomb I'm, a popper, - email chat with me here on Yahoo I am whoo. What is that I've heard of that before I'm wondering what the of the balloon popping yeah but I'm wondering what the what's the pleasures derive: ish yeah yeah, maybe the sound especially there's one more, but it's really fast I want to make sure that it's it's set up properly. Okay, so when you open it, it plays everywhere on YouTube, actually, I usually open it and then I drag it really fast. That time stem to my stuff. So I'm wondering you base bar immediately deposit as soon as it's open and you can so it's closed. I'm gonna tell you, there's someone who's losing right now, but it's very close mmm that connect [Music]. So here we go interesting. Okay, everybody watch closely. Nobody blink want to know the behind-the-scenes, video, okay, there's one more wild card because we're actually in a draw right now: wow I'm, not gonna, say but this one, you guys, let's watch it three more times and you guys were tired and you continue both and we go do this and then we got to do the Adria broman. So why don't you guys do that and I'll? Do that? Read beautiful coup they set it up and get a nice pumpkin pie with mayonnaise on it. You know there's somewhere somewhere that in the United States that actually is into that. Probably someone somewhere yeah, there's someone somewhere. That's super in the mail I'm pretty proud a lot of election. What do you guys think I'm gonna go good? What does it matter? I was purposely avoiding all these I've threw in a couple. All these, but I tried to find some fresh content I'm here, basically to introduce you guys to manscaped, which is the best products, even though you're, not a man who needs to escape, who is the best and men's below the belt grooming manscaped offers precision engineered tools for your family jewels jingle balls to the walls. Fellas untrimmed pubes are a thing of the past. You've also trim your pubes sure hundred percent. You know when I was in college. I didn't trim my pubes because I never thought about it, but I think I turned a lot of women off when they saw what was going on down there. Yeah, like I, remember, one girl, said even made a comment to me. She's like why you have a lot of pubic hair I swear got out. Yeah I was like I was like yeah dude, it's crazy, but I never shaved it like you needed manscaped I. Thank you for bringing it back on the manscape to him. It's time to gear up and get yourself the gift of shaving this holiday season. I am talking about the manscaped perfect package too boy. Oh I've tried to manscape using my tools that I have and I have to tell you. I always cut my shaft and it's traumatizing me too. It's it's so traumatic, yeah, now I'm afraid to get that clothes clean. That I want, but the rebbe, but man escapes is changing all of that, because they're lawn mower 2.0 has proprietary advanced skin, safe technology, so that this trimmer won't Nick or snag your nuts or your shaft. It's also waterproof, so you use it in the shower. The lawnmower 2.0 comes inside there perfect package 2.0, which makes for the perfect gift this holiday season. It's literally everything you need to keep trimmed cut. Free and smelling nice down there well I, don't think any products gonna make me smell nice down there regular chair and don't use the same trimmer on your face as you're. Using on your balls. That's just nasty I'm guilty of that I. Do it too, but I do it before I shower so I figured what the oh yeah I mean: listen because I have my beard trimmer and that's what I use down there. You have two beard: trimmers. Are you a manscape I have manscaped yeah hello. We all need to get manscaped ASAP. The manscaped perfect package. 2.0 also includes the crop preserver an anti chafing ball deodorant and moisturizer. You already put deodorant on your armpits. So why the hell? Don't you put it on the stinkiest part of your body? Yes, your ball sack the ball, sack the stinkies part of the body, oh my god that llegando [ __ ] gross with the mayonnaise on Dan's, not good. Where was I stinky balls, yes, stinky balls speaking of sweaty and stinky balls, I'm thankful for the crop Reviver this product, along with the crop preserver, keeps your balls from sweating, smelling and sticking, and these products smell, good, they're, manly scent is attractive and it will help set up the mood. If you know what I mean mmm I recommend just showering before I mean the perfect package will also come with a pair of manscaped boxer briefs that keeps your junk feeling fresh all day. It's time to upgrade those overused pair boxers to man escapes high-performance anti chafing boxer, briefs tis the season to manscape. So get yourself your dad, your brother, your friend, can you imagine, hey Dad I got you man scale. What are you trying to say cleanup, -, I? Guess it's a good gift for everybody, your dad, your brother, your friend, your best gift of all. It's manscaped, perfect package 2.0 so get 20% off, plus free shipping with code h3 at manscaped calm. Your balls will thank you 20% off and free shipping with the code h3 atman scaped comm, that's 20% off with the free shipping at manscaped. Comm use code, h3 clean up your nuts and make Santa proud of you this year. Alright h3h3 shop, comm, you guys know it. You love it. It's limited time: HD, podcasts, merch. All the proceeds are being shared with all the cast members here: the Shalom everybody Elom over at dan honestly into intern kawaii sally salaried employees. Scuse me and Ian got any Mayo Jack. Why do I always do that on this specific shirt zakian made? It is why yeah Austin your head, maybe you're, right, I'm, you're, giving me the benefit of the doubt. It's the same manager for the photo. Oh, no, ok, good! So this is a nice and age. Okay, yeah so head on over there and Black Friday, including the color-block hoodie. Never before done never done, never will be done again. There's lost their mind. Okay, we've all got Cool Whip except like that. No, but you have yeah, that's we're good yeah! That's fine! I got I got more than that. I mean. What do you think? A lot of cake, though, could take some cake out of there. No that's so! Then. Dan has never before eating mayonnaise. On the show gives it mayonnaise phobia he's not doing well, but he's got to swallow it and he should mmm-hmm talk to me. What are you guys feeling I mean: let's go through your mind: I'm, not your over. Oh! This is good with the mouse bow. The first moment that you taste in May or your brain is like wait. I reached that almost came up that. How are you feeling proud of yourself? I? Guess so? Are you gonna know we miss of it? Yeah good I can't wait to win another round. How does it mesh with the pumpkin flavor yeah good, only pumpkin pie, oh I, like to actually like pumpkin pie but says Chris might ruin it for me. I'll switch. You see and II like hey Dan yeah. Here those felt keep tally wash it down with some coffee, I'm gonna you take your disgusting mayonnaise cake with you. The smell in here is pretty gnarly I feel like I'm. Not even gonna laugh once with fun beans. Okay, I'm, just gonna casually heat pump, wait what oh I'm just smelling the mayonnaise. Oh yeah I panicked, so I tried to find new content, but some of it does some of it did end up being a classic buckwheat. There was no rule that said it had to be new. Oh okay, your job is to make us laugh all right, fair enough. No one's ready, already I'm ready, no eating yams. Oh no, heaven I didn't recognize it interesting. What is this you all right? That's it! Some mark, Gormley vibes right there I mean I, was certainly entertained. Okay, that's something! I'm have a renewed motivation here, not to laugh after night, so I'm gonna be a tough sell. From now on, no more I'm gonna worry about my list mmm. Then you pull up the plunger and lock it in place on this low match and let it sit for a while. They say wait about 10 minutes. Then you take off the slow in Saturday, but let some air in then you push it back in again. Oh, do you find it? No I went old-school dip into you, three minutes for WoW seal itself. In pan you got the whole thing off. It's so simple. Keep it going, cuz I mean I lose track, don't don't lose hope, because the ultraviolet rays are what ultimately cure the resin but I'm, not a patient man. So UV like accurate much faster. What is he doing? He's fixing a broken glass rack in your windshield. Wait if they're big like this one forget it, because if they start big like this one, there's no hope at all. The crack will just grow, especially when you put the defroster on when it's cold in the winter and the heat gets to it. It'll shatter like mad in a product. They can help ya. Just don't expect miracles, more quick fixes on the Scottie Kilmer Channel. So if you never want to miss another one of my new Chi repair videos remember to ring that Bell, then slick you were close. Dan I was a little smirk over there to you. I can smirk well that smirks or a lot, but yeah I mean you know, don't feel bad I almost laughed I did I mean it's a bummer, because I want to laugh terrible fate. Actually, if you don't make any of us, laugh I think you do. Can I claim immunity from hello. No that's round. Oh, that's lame! So don't get insecure. Just like he'll be confident and anyway it's fine cuz you'll have a mouth. You know if you lose, it's still fine, because it's insane you just gotta have a mouth. I have no problem. If the look, if the presenter loses state I'm, so screwed as my pleasant side, just go back, don't push me. It's fine, restarting no pouting, I'm interested I like that. What I'm so good at gives me hope. I break here. Yeah like the Bligh's you're, not into the pie, I'm, assuming down no I'm good I'm good. Are you know, chewing look at your cute boys in your house. Can you pass me the coin what'd you put so little Cool Whip. What was that about? Just a little dab? A little dab will do you. You know not me little dad close -. They put in here dab on them. You know this is what I'm talking about whoa, that's yeah, the bucket! That's how you use Cool Whip, that's more kulit than pie! Well, wait, but well yeah, a lot of use a lot of big whip! Oh! Is that real yeah war? It's like you drench it I've, never seen I mean it's just um whipped cream! Oh, can you show you a ratio? First, where do I show it? Where should I show that's a plate, a clue right there yeah it's [, __ ], awesome mmm! What's going on out there, we are getting a package delivered and I think this is high-quality content I think it was time sensitive. What can we talk about to make this more interesting? We have a dead air dead air. Oh we got shirts. Let's wait till the next presenter down. Oh my god, it'll cool, wet, hmm, okay, ready! My bad side is as bad as my pleasant side is pleasant. All right. Thank you, I like to keep things informal in here as much as possible, but where the difference between informal and in Politis and I won't tolerate in polite. If I hear one more of these overly loud yawns, what you're outside what class whatever it is? You need to do to get over it. I want to know why two hundred and twenty other people in this room don't find the need to do that, and you should be it's probably like an 8 a.m. class, guys hating on someone yawning. Don't push me to this point again that guy beats his wife cuz. You don't push me to this point again, like they're bolts to anonymously. Tell me who it is whoa. Did you end it? Anyone wasn't anonymously, tell me who that was yeah Dan, the part that got me it made. It should have made you all. Laugh was and watch him. Cuz he's smiling as he goes my pleasant side. That's right as pleasant as my mean side is, is as mean I'm. Its party line and Marsha okay, [Music] you're, confirming our us being soul, mates because I timestamp that and when you pointed it out and I appreciate it, because this room is cold I'm. It's a tough crowd and I'll. Tell you what us I I'm riding for you to. As my pleasant side is Pleasant, you want to let it we didn't. Have this blade above my neck I would have been just guillotine. Yeah problem played again EULA. We got a lot more to go through all right once the Ethan double back and reinforced that moment it did give because I'm hoping I'm, you know I'm riding for you either yeah. So only me and Ian are on the board right now, like the guys, never squirrely your [ __ ], that's a good! That's when it's gonna play it again, though, and just look down [Laughter] [Laughter], [Music] [Laughter], you know I'm so confident, I finished my pie. Oh this is this is one of the best when I'm not looking for is some big. Oh, come on. Okay, I just know somebody in this video I don't know when I'm not looking for is some big overgrown monster. So wait. Do it again, just stare him, you do, I did laughs. Did you laughs, you know? Do you know in this video then go ahead, ela, Sara and I both know he was excuse me Zak, look at Zak go ahead. Just look at these. Was it cool bad people back then no I mean that was just like. So uncalled some big overgrown monster. That's always thinking about food he's describing me. Do you understand that all right they're over it, let's keep moving yeah I gotta make oh man I hear up. There is getting closer, maybe I! Don't know everyone watch good, I gotta get cereal, you can't you cuz! That's high I'm, getting serious I'll go okay, I'm done I'm done. Let's see the Statue of Liberty from here. I can't stand it when she touches me. People say that time, heals all wounds, [ __ ], play it again and just look at him though he wants the lava. So does Ethan I'm good you're in first the one. Do you watch the TV, that's Ian goth me and the water is warm or just woman. What? What is the point of this video yeah I'm, not sure what they were shooting for, but they're always the same thing. It's like act, a shoe. My name is Carla, so you can stop at five or six stores or just one. Oh I, don't need friends, yeah, maybe I. Just never got that deep into the video you could stop at five or six stores or just run. Yeah I feel like there's an audition, the headlights of love honey. You smirking a little bit ears on the board. There I go just you could stop at five or six stores or there's a little smirk action going on over there. You could stop at five or six stories good or just one Oh Dan laughs. Are you trying to find like stuff that you guys haven't seen before the whole video got everybody even serious? The beginning, I've seen I get this off the screen before I left. This is like some connection there. You go I feel like I just saved myself, maybe okay, so we have one more. Is it a tie? There's three people here at I/o, Wow I. Think, like you know, in there no I think it's Ian, oh maybe okay hold it. Is there hold it together so now I wonder if I should show the whole oh yeah this one is the whole let it breathe deal and for an attack where you see weakness. John I want a divorce. In this one to divorce, it's a magnet, it's not Connie John and you know, what's been coming for a long time. Well, divorce. Why do you always laugh when I'm upset Oh every time you say divorce? She just looks so cute. I'm serious is time John serious, I'm, absolutely serious when you're treating this like some kind of game, I'm tired of it John. We love games, not anymore, not your kind of games! Your games are cruel. Divorce stop laughing. This is not funny. Things haven't been working out for a long time and every time I try to talk to you about them. You laugh tomorrow, I'll drop the papers, and that will be it. We can go our separate ways. No! No! No! No! No! It's just not it's just not well! You know, I, don't know six minutes. I! Think we passed the question: is we hiding like a poet I yam? Was the closest I? Didn't let I didn't laugh in life in the rules? Is there a wild card possible even break that who's tied? There's a question am I one of the ones it's time because I think you be it Ian. Well, that's it's a problem. Cuz I got to go run. Get that thing from outside. Right now went to another school Canada. Alright, so do you so? Is it me Danone in yeah, yeah I, like it yeah do this? Do you want us all to eat a slice or xerath? We did last time. You did last time so Wow I, don't know. If I can do another so soon well, you're just gonna have to puke, then you shouldn't a lot yeah. You should have held it down. You can't you can't say no I mean this. Is our Thanksgiving special I'll do like the tiniest. You did a big ass, but I did a huge dollop. Last whiteman will have to yeah. Gotta do like that and a small amount of cake, though no needs to be mad. It needs to be mad. That can you and you that or I'm not doing? Okay, oh yeah, just give me set me up a bite yeah. You want yeah I ate it all. I'm, a [, __, ] monster, so just car you could take money, yeah, I'll, just use Ella's here and there's okay, yeah I got me. Well you like a slice of mail either. Would you like to plug Teddy fresh black sail a back Friday sale, twenty thirty to fifty percent off. While we do this? Okay, so is going on right now, and this is all online, but the way I imagine it in my head is like everyone is like fighting and there's like nobody's crazy going on right now, yeah gremlins are fighting. Kids are screaming. It's a lot of. Oh that's, a healthy right! No he's he's good he's good, yeah, thirty, thirty percent off does that include the color-block hoodie and all styles. Everything on the website. You said wow, really yeah, really Wow. I trample over someone for that hell, yeah, I, wouldn't literally cry I would probably I would kill my cousins. Yes, my name yeah. Okay, so I've got something else. Your cuz I'm, a good one Dan, let's see I mean Dan, is taking like the biggest bite of pumpkin pie. Ever didn't: ask the flavor I mean it's cheers everybody a chance. Oh, this looks so [ __ ] gross, oh, oh, oh hmm, that is so bad they're. So wrong, especially like my night was like 50/50 Oh uh-huh. Oh my god, that's so wrong! Just my water rats that time like I, didn't almost throw up look again Durham, but it's still. That was still really yeah. Well, your fight first bite was I, might um next yep. How do I keep ending up here with this man he's in my bro? That was so wrong. Yeah yeah, don't like that. Not a fan I feel like the rule, needs to be. It's a 50-50 buy. Okay. Fifty oh come on well, you've got immunity. Well, yeah yeah! You only have two more rounds to survive. Wait here, we wanna did you have to go grab something? No, no he's good, okay, I! Wonder! If we want to do it was literally there was legit. If what arrived weld in something? Oh, we can real get we're good. Well, okay, is this the best or worst show of they should certainly a Thanksgiving special? It's a special one, I mean this beautiful piece has been ruined by my eat. It off that was so [ __ ] gross. This is, without a doubt the worst episode of the issue. A podcast for the audio listeners is exclusively watching videos that they can that's funny, because last time, when I try to did not show video and just describe was that because I can't show fights yeah, the video listeners lost their mother. I'm like well audio listeners deal with this all the time. Yeah and then the video listeners lost their damn minds. Well, I mean I will include all these videos in the episode description, I. Don't that's a lot of clicking on links just go to youtube. One yeah, just just just watch it. Okay, so yeah I mean similar to ela. I pulled I mean I, have a lot less like long ones meant a lot more and I got a hold it down this time, yeah I feel queasy. Yeah yeah, that was just awful I mean everything was wrong about that. Tell me what you guys think about this guys, inspirational speech for this football game [Music]. You is that when you, when you eat a double you yeah, they lost by like 20 points. So if there's one more time so he's hyping up his team is just get him ready for the bad context. Is it for yeah? They lost it's a bad hype. Cuz it's like eat, I might I was like yeah I want to win I, don't necessarily want to eat a W right. I'm gonna, see it on everybody's faces, they're, not uh, they're, not yelling it, but all right. Well, you know up crowd tough crowd. I, don't know that one the other day, damn [Music] good physical comedy right here. Oh man, I guess EAL Allah he's got it. It should get the same on it. Back now. Look at the TV. You can't look away. Did I feel like you, looking away from the TV one more time, I feel like that's a violation. Just real, quick, just and and just look I mean it's a kid just got slammed in the head of the lid yeah. Are you not seeing this [ __ ] Zack you're covering your mouth? You look going away. I didn't hear the laugh, but the NASA D. Are you doing where's he taking that thing anyway. Stay there? Okay, though everyone but Ian left yeah, that's some [, __, ] yeah! Sorry, that's the game, he's good! That's the game! This one's, a classic, amnon Suzy everyone's, probably seen this one, he uh uh. That was a really good one, though damn yeah I'm not losing you understand. This is from a classic tone. Are you show me those before [Music] I'm, just like thinking of my mom dying or something while she hit just once more yeah watch this closely? This guy was actually nominated for an award right. [Music] here look closely. This is the bar steady one for the old it together together, no latching, it's close, damn alright moving on. Are you good, though? That's a classic? That's a classic! Let's see what movies up fro, it says, a description. I forget called Silent Night deadly night part 2, part 1, many people say the sequels are rarely best but shows an exception. Here we go. This is just this is just a quickie. This is just a quickie [Laughter], but through a lot of effort. Just imagine you first understand what I was seeing. Take it everybody lost, and that means I'm probably still come on. Ethan pull together. You think of this Nic Cage, [Music] famous right. Yes, before the tax fraud. Look it's wrong! [Music] I love the dollar bill out what a big and they don't leave the state either love. What kind of like I gotta I want to see Wow? Who would have ever expected that that guy would have been like fifty million dollars in debt? He just didn't pay taxes and spend all his money and now he's like dead broke. It does a bunch of shitty movies actor of all time. He is a very good actor. Yeah, like the crazier. You are the better. The Act I mean like I, like Tom Cruise. You know I, like Mel Gibson, as actor used to be my favorite. Just so happens that he's in he won't, you know, doesn't like Jews or black people, yeah I think it's just the Jews right know something's not down with it. He got. He was doing that drunk. He he said to his ex-wife drunk on the phone. It's one of the best things ever. He says, I, hope you get raped by a packet n-words, whoa and record it on a record at home. Wait wasn't that his girlfriend did. He have a kid with her yeah and she who used to go on these drunken rants and call her name, and he said that to her and she recorded it. Isn't the best I still play that on Howard all the time crazy? Oh, this looks promising yeah. This is gonna, be tough. I could tell bit up so the long or the the accelerator is gonna be hard, is the same fun taking Florida backwards and it kind of gets in a runaway [Laughter], [Music] [Laughter] [Laughter] [Laughter]. It's kind of like a runaway chain reaction, something wrong with in the momentum of him. Jerking forward is setting it into reverse other directions. A three-way tie. Is it me I, remember, I passed one I, don't think it's me, hmm I think I. It's not me. We've watched a lot, though I'm holding it down. I'm, not eating mayonnaise. This time, Dan's gonna eat. Mayonnaise we got here contagious laughter, that's cheating, Dan, that's brilliance is what that is, don't say so myself, speaking of which another one by the way, the ones that I chose works great for my brain, no subreddits just saying I went a good amount of those words like that lawn mower. One I had found a long time ago and I went seeking that out, but then that led me to find this one: okay, which was on the same cell friend but I. Just can't stop myself at this point. [Applause] [Laughter], [Applause] [Laughter] impossible not to laugh was that the girl that the dating dude was talking about dating dude was talking about. Oh come on. My 600-pound life was that show everyone that face she made was amazing. This one I gotta come on Ethan hold it together, dude, okay, come this one I, don't know you may tell me: I have to take this one out why I'm into it pony fetish I mean we had talked about it. There was like an h3 video about this before right, I mean it doesn't show like yeah, [Laughter], [Music] [Laughter], what they call Pony space and I put the gear on that actually turn into horses when I think the baby his mouth, it's like a ritual between us and I can feel through the [ __ ] when he actually kind of changes from the human space to like pony space space. He came out in for the reigning competition for us during play. If I just put him in the gear and then we go immediately, do it, it doesn't give him time to transition. I was the first to laugh, yeah. Well, you [ __ ] me up because you keep playing the other cordis. Sir yeah a lot to take in here. People are proud of him. They can I'm sure it's a lot of craftsmanship gone. These people find each other, it's also very to the Internet. This is the downside of the user. So interesting taxpaying citizens Monday through Friday, so to get to the weekend. It looks to disturb I'm keeping it yeah I'm, not horsing around. On this one [Laughter]. You look like Milton from office space [Music] with my stapler yeah. Might like this one. Just cuz you're a fan of his dude I got a keeper together Ethan. This is not a good showing Oh [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Laughter], very good, the motorcycle, let's slow down one, especially the second set of motorcycle. It's really yummy yeah, yeah I thought I would get him, but I guess spoil together. You got more I. Think I have one or two more here I'm on do not even one of the my credibility's on the launch. I get this ready. That Mayo is coming your way, I think I'm, sure I mean well I'm, definitely either in 2nd or 1st. That's for sure. Let's see, no I think I've survived one round. Only dad knows only God does mm-hmm zach has it had any yet you've been holding done. You never had any mail, no wow, Ian, hey even had mail yeah thank God, so um, what's going on over there, that's gonna, be tough I'm, just making sure I don't spoil it by it. Yeah, okay, Ethan! This is your moment. We are not losing. We are not eating mayonnaise again come on, come on hold it together. [Music] bought the wrong firewood. [Laughter]. Now I only show this one cuz I made sure to research it no one was hurt, seriously hurt. Who cares? It's hilarious? Well, cuz, there's, kids, I, know: I, don't want anybody to be illegal. That's [, __ ], the kids guys you can just show it again and you exact yo. Why? Oh, my gosh, let's go! Look: how excited they are. I can't laugh it because I may have seen it the other day. Alright! Well, everyone else left, Wow, okay, [Music], I! Think I have one like one last one I need if I win, if I don't laugh with Tony, this is a classic I have a feeling. You guys have probably seen this [Music] come on Ethan. Unfortunately, it got it's weird: it got deleted off YouTube just the other day and it had been on YouTube, for it was posted in like 2012 or something like that. Oh it's not Scarlett, Johansson from that's, definitely not yeah. It's from that. What's it called ghost in the shell' movie, okay screen it first and then let's do that trying to get it. You know it's close enough. They go to it. This was from a Paula, Deen and Oprah special I. Don't wanna see that okay yeah, he does know what he remembers. The mayo made us laugh, no I, don't know he did not laugh. So we ever gave a smile and it's between our wonderful to co-host. Why couldn't I just know? I was I hate saying this, but I really gotta pee. So you say that on the day I can't hit this I know no, we got to do the mayo and here's. Another thing is the time you guys have to probably go soon. Quick, so can we do like a power round? I mean if one I want to have well, then I can fire off one cuz I, don't have that many I'll give breathin first of all. Well, in goes if nobody laughs you eat okay. Well, and then you guys wrap your mail. Let's go and by the way do we mention teddy fresh cop, Black, Friday sale, 3050 percent on putting the color-block hoodie right now, only a teddy fresh car, bloody and everything you buff in stock. Everything gets blur, so it must go. It's probably going already. We got what color, but what? If 50% didn't present hey fish calm? So actually a leads from that cuz! That's mine, yeah! You said equal parts, male! Well, you don't you! You said that not me! Okay! So you will. You lose you'll need equal parts. No good I said alright. I do whatever you want. Do whatever you know, I'm going equal parts, that's not equal parts! That's what you dude bro, now you're gonna, say: okay! Is that not equal parts, but it's deceptive optical illusion! It's not mayonnaise! That's a lot of [ __ ] man. That's all anybody! Much pie right now, yep! No! It's not look at all that mayonnaise bro! It's like mixed up to! What do you know you? Don't even laughs all right hit it. Do you have yours yet I'm gonna eat from that Oh got it. This is Oh God! Oh god, it's so wrong. I, don't like it! No go. I need my water too. Why am I losing big ol spoonful, all right, yeah power round right? What happens if erm, not bad? Oh, she says she will stay a little later. You'll remember a little later now now Ian told us this morning. I have nothing and though he knew for weeks he was supposed to be looking out. You can do any look I'm, just saying what Wilde said. Why are you the only one they can't find something funny: I, don't laugh a lot. That sounds really sad, but I. Don't ok! If this isn't funny you're eating. Okay, okay, alright, go ahead! How's that going down for you, oh [, __, ]! Oh no, yeah, it's bad! Isn't it it's bad! We're doing go ahead! This is Soulja Boy on twitch. All of his people were telling him to. Please turn the volume down and he refused because now I'm breath, you know [ __, ] burn I, don't care if the music loud and they get I'm, not the I'm, not your daddy, [, __ ] trying to speakers now, [ __, ], [, __, ] y'all. Stop complaining like some hoes is here all night doing camera shaking in this. Does this thing where he hits smelling salts? Do you want hit smelling salts on the camera? What do you you were just what helping you wake up to stay stay fresh! Well, cuz! You said if you guys have any props already. Oh, these are the shirts by the way, as that get set up. Where's look great. So everybody show off your shirt. H3H3 shop, calm, limited-edition, support your crew support your nation Shalom everybody in the salaried employee, kawaii Dan, honestly, the wizard Elon I'm over it Zak anyone got Mayo. The Joker h3 shoe shop, comm limited time only will be in time for the holiday seasons. Let's go Zack, let's get it okay, so how many can I show? Okay, let me go to you: what time is it yeah? You got like 10 minutes I'd like to that air [Music] they're dead air, this meme that I just start off with that carving up that white meat I think. Are you almost laughing damn? He wants the line. I'm offended. Frankly, I! Don't I'm offended by this okay, more like a okay haha, that's done! Okay, but you almost laugh! No! Well! You were fine I think you should have to eat some mayo for that one yeah! Well, is he the only one that hasn't eaten meal? Yeah yeah? So am so here's the deal, nobody laughs! Male perfect, let's go here- is a video of a digestive tract problems, quickly called manga Kazakh there's a miracle for you, no problems being delivered from the no I didn't I wanted to, but I resisted, I love that I didn't laugh. Okay, we've seen it was a great okay. It was a great I wish. I was saw it okay, I've seen midgets grow up I delivered from the colostomy bag. Here is a crazy musician on a train, always a good Jonah [Applause] [Music] [Laughter], tough crowd. It was a good submission. I just want know. That was a really good yeah we're on there. You are gonna eat that maybe that was a very good submission. I never saw that. No, that was a new one, kiddo I smell today's okay I want cool mark we're going to make a Dan and Ian laughs. Mmm shouts of European settlers still live. You hadn't played this for us every day, yeah you're, gonna laughter. You will explain this every single day persecuted for their faith at home. The Amish began coming to Pennsylvania in the 1720s in search of religious freedom. They settled into a rustic way of life here, guided by a strict set of traditions, known as the ordinance or order out smoking, big joints and Amish. Those images from Pluto were stunning, but now a new offer 100 million dollars worth from one of the smartest men on earth. There are billions where intelligent life might exist, and now the world's most famous scientist says it's time to go, find it wait. I, don't understand necessarily what I was seeing you're not familiar with young King, Dave young Dave, or if he didn't go, did anyone laugh? It was really hard not to but but like I said, thankfully you had spoiled it by showing that video, so that guy, who who are IPE has now passed on was sort of an internet meme. What like five six years ago, maybe four: what do you, you, song singer, doing laughs on the video anymore nice to try? Let's move on, we don't put too much time. We're gonna we're gonna have to do it. Young king Dave, deep dive, I'm surprised it's faster, I'm interested, that's rich, rich territory, I'm, definitely interested, but mostly I'm, interested in watching Zaki Manny's. Before we go yeah. Okay, this might be your last one yeah. This is a choose why we're die right now. This is all right. Charlie, Sacha, Baron Cohen won this award. The one of the Charlie Chaplin award [Applause] come on. No one will happen. I've seen I've seen I've seen it many times very good. Damn might be laughing we've gone through. Okay, give us one more. This just set is getting. This is getting sad that way. We said that was the last one. It was a good submission. No there's lots of good submissions. I'm just really want to see you eat. Thank me. It's find one good one. Now cuz the tide has turned against you. Dude we are holding firm, I just saw Sacha Baron Cohen, pushing old lady offstage bro, that's classic, though okay, one more chance here, while the sack serves you up a big dollop, okay in light of big dollop, big dollop, you scoop huge and late in the mayonnaise I'm about to eat. Why is that Joey's world and man am I dude, okay, so I'm kind of nervous, whoa, the tails every thing that he came up with? So let's try this to see how good it tastes. Okay, here we go. This guy's something [Laughter] [Laughter], [Laughter], [Laughter] [Laughter] for another he's gonna go for another buyer down dude. He likes it. He's eating it now. Oh damn watch this because how could I not Ajay world? Well, thank you for my yeah welcome. Now you have good submissions. I don't want out there like ya know. There was some good stuff in there you didn't I did we were trying in it's like my band? Never laughs! He's a disappointment to everybody when, when it comes to this game, not in real life, I got a good amount of points out of him. You gotta say that's true, I feel like I made. You laugh the most yeah me me. Laugh no yeah yeah, alright Sam I eat enough. Yeah yeah spend too much time within in this office. I know my god is this. You nice, you are. The mail came whoo yeah, you earned that shirt. Okay, we got to wrap it up. We got a run happy thanks. It's off Friday, happy Black, Friday! Hope you had a great Thanksgiving I have no camera to look at. You have your Thanksgiving, everybody I hope you had a great the family time now, spin, all of your money at Teddy, fresh calm. We have a Black, Friday, sale, 30% off. There's, probably nothing left there at eight straight, a shoe shop, calm, all the proceeds to shared amongst all the cast members get your shirts in their limited time. They will be there in time for Christmas for sure, and they will never come back ever again, so hurry up and get it to commemorate your favorite cast members will have more time to promote these as the week's come. The sales will stop, probably in the early this first or second week of December, or something like that. I think they're supposed to ship on December 16th, so probably just a week for that or something so we'll have more time to promote these guys. But you definitely gonna want to pick up probably five of every one of those once you've spent all of your money at Teddy fresh calm, because this has just been a did just been a huge plug. Basically, but I had a lot of fun. We ate a lot of mayonnaise. We had a lot of laughs. Thank you. I am gonna sit here as it's Thanksgiving, I'm, gonna, say good thanks and I'm gonna say grace form one wonderful team here, Zack the sound boy from whom I mean mobility, Mario's great, has been a part of our life and Zack has came in on the sound board and it's I'm actually I got a fee so bad it was born from that. From the mind, it's actually you know. What's funny is the first time Jack played that we were kind of annoyed because we're like like. Why would you do that? Yeah? You got a customer, but then, but then it turned it out that it was genius, and so the genius of Zack was born. Andy Andy actually does have to be so bad I do and and of course, Dan the wizard honestly, as it says they I I'm, looking forward to December and then we're all taking a break I'm season. Three is coming around right around the corner, so Wow. Here we go guys. So thank you all have a great holiday. We will see you and actually we're not missing any episode, so we'll be back as usual, but we're having a long break hi guys thanks, we'll see I [Music] [Music], you.