- welcome Super, Troopers and mom army today. Welcome to it's a good way to start the show, excuse man welcome to the number one place for news, viral hits and weekly gaffes. Do you like that approach, I'm, trying to brand the show and, as a current event, show welcome everybody to the number one place for news viral hits a weekly gaps on your own ethnic line. What do you think I don't know if I like it I'll have to think about you on it, because it's true, we are the number one place in the world. It's not the most humble intro, it's not! We are the number one place in the universe from viral hits. Well, who else is competing on weekly gaffes, specifically those two words competition, so I think I can claim without pomp or posture that I am Number One. Today's episode, we don't have sponsors so guys. We're gonna need you all to enjoy our very special made, a video by to promote Teddy, fresh coms newest summer collection, of which this shirt is a member, as well as the bucket hats and what he was wearing. We put together a whole Teddy fresh show with the crew we don't run. What's fun, is it's actually fun, so you're gonna want to stay tuned for that we got a lot to get to today. This is so. The Belle Delphine story must can always continue to develop in some way, and we had a really interesting email from a fan who, who kind of did a little Sherlock homing on why her stab it may have smelled of alcohol. So we've got a test. We got a actual blood-alcohol saliva test that we're gonna do a test on her saliva and see. If is there alcohol, and how much is there and we're gonna try to dye solutes and also I sent a sample to 23andme, no, no I'm kidding. Would that be creepy, though very creepy we've also got a Linna tea, throwing cats we've got cats that trailer cats everywhere, but before that guys, you know, apparently, if you're listening on the podcast, iTunes or Google Play or whatever. If you leave a review, apparently that makes a big difference. So mom are me: Super Troopers, it's time to mobilize get out there smash that five star leave a review. Apparently it makes a difference. I don't know, I bet you. If you all go smash that we'll be number one on iTunes, they don't care about actual streams. They just want reviews they want. They want to see Super Troopers mobilized to interesting, yeah, I. Think that really does matter so help a brother out. Next up, we've got okay. You've all heard me talking about Instagram food I'm, obsessed with Instagram food I'm, always finding the weirdest [ __ ] on there, specifically the Turkish guys are up to some weird business. Every time on, Instagram and I have been polling examples for months and I have to ask first of all: what's there's David, they eat this food in Turkey. That I do not know it's very popular people like this, and it's looks so disgusting and I, don't even know what it is like if I had, where yeah. If I had to guess it's like a well after watching fear, factor affecting everybody know what it is well like a penis yeah or like it definitely looks like the cow intestine. It looks like some kind of like it looks like a sperm sac or something yeah I mean it looks like some future body part, but I see kids getting down with a girl like everybody. This is like a like look how he presents it damn. What are your thoughts on that as a vegetarian? Look, how he's touching the block I don't know what it is, though. I always license music, that's playing by the way. Okay, how do I meet it? Okay, everybody for you, everybody wrote in and said yes, I know, I did mute sight where's. The listeners are very smart. Well, I, don't really have options so very funny. What am I gonna mute sight? Does a mute, I! Didn't you say: that's it then. Yes, they're the best. They have huge dicks too, and deep, and if they're women tight, narrow, vaginas the fans. Yes great, genitals, that's very true! So what is this so low meat you eat? Out of that? If you eat that, do you get $50,000 cuz? No, you bury him in a fear factor, that's what happens the company there are EULA like you pay him to eat. That I mean bro. I mean what is that other than a dick, but what's with the folds and the way he touched, the flaps? Oh okay! Well, that's just that's just one and it's like steaming. You super rabbit. That's just one! Guy I have many examples of people eating. How did you come across them? I see it all the time on Instagram food. It's recommend me all the time, I'm always like what the [ __ ] God's name. So here's some more of it on Instagram food I mean Dan. What the [ __ ] was going on. I mean those look like penises I, don't what else? Well, this is just a stack of [ __ ] question marks. Oh yeah. We need a translator to tell us what's going on in the comments. Oh well. Homie here is not imagine the smell in that room. Yeah probably smells bomb cuz. There's like a juicy tomato broth right, probably smells great, just gotta close your eyes, I mean look I'm, not gonna judge you, no, it's good that you're using the whole animal and all that, but you do that anyway, like this [, __, ] all ends up in hotdogs or whatever in America, and they just blend it up, which is fine, I, just don't eat that just look at it. If you're gonna blend up like you know, people always try to gross you out about eating chicken nuggets. So, like you know, there's beak and eyeball on that I'm like I, don't [, __ ] care. If it's blended up and tastes good I, don't give a [ __ ] this I'm out on I've, never seen that piece that looked like that before fear factor. Well now, you've seen people that actually sell it and here's more I mean it doesn't stop. So here this one is actually. This is all Turkish food by the way like I was first impressed with like these [ __ ] know how to cook, but now I got into the weird part of Turkish food. These are balls. They even show them cut them right off the ana and hitting you know how they make like in pizza commercials. They have like fresh tomato hitting the counter yeah, that's their version of fresh tomato, crazy right, lots of use. You know orange it Oh kabob of testicle, damn that's so gnarly spiced it up, and you wouldn't even know those are testes man. That's true I, wonder if dudes eat that over there for, like you know to get to help their situation, cuz I can China they eat. Like do all this crazy [ __, ] yeah they like killed. They straight up like have extinct extincted like rhinos for their tusks, because these Chinese dudes can't get it out. It's supposed to be appetizing yeah, that's bomb. 400,000 people watched it. This is one I see a lot too and I. Don't know what it is. This one I see a lot and part of me thinks that oval, it's like some kind of SH warm, oh, but I, don't understand what I'm seeing because it seems somehow attached like it's one unit right. It's not a bunch of Units like schwarmann. It looks you know what I'm saying like what is this. The consistence is strange too, but this this one tuna or something it's like. It's definitely nice I, know I, know yeah. Just the texture of it looks bizarre, but this this is very popular in Turkey. I, see this a lot on my feet: homies getting down with it right now by mmm, so I'm saying that um, my mom never learned all this amazing right recipe. Well, maybe she knows this one ela back to the. Why were those ones so big by the way these ones are tiny, see that looks like a penis, but the other ones were like mmm, so someone's buying this like their pastries? Do you see yeah he's putting like ten of them in just straight on a paper like this is a really popular dish. You see how he's just serving it up on a on a parchment. Yeah someone eats it in this one too and I was expecting it to be kind of chewy, but he just crunches right through it. So yeah he's seasoning it perfectly I mean what does it look like? It's like a long fleshy tube with flaps Oh I. Guess it repeats, I mean. Am I bright? This is fascinating. Yeah, it's weird and wild. Oh here you go either I should excite you I'm telling you it's a phenomenon. Do you see how many of these I found it's the same? Weird body part: do you guys have any thoughts back there about what possibly this is I mean, maybe intestines that one looks like yeah like on these in particular. Look like intestines, but like this, do you want to eat that I mean? Isn't it full of [ __, ] I? Guess they probably like squeeze it out? First, as long as our intestine our case with that I don't I, just dis, [, __, ] trips me the [, __ ] out I, don't know what it is here. The homie takes a bite. Now you can see like it's like really softer it's tender last time when we, you know the what's his name cz and the smiley guy hmm. Whenever we watch videos of those we have some Turkish fans right in and give some context. So we'll probably get an explanation from join. If I had an S I mean I, don't know what those flaps are. You think that's like the nutsack. It's like been because it's inside that would have to be the skin. It has to be some internal organ. You know what I'm it's got to be like bladder or some weird [, __ ]. They wouldn't expect, and my humble opinion, as a connoisseur, strange turkish cuisine and then just to top it off. We've got her voice easy in here there is a class. There is a muted yeah. Okay, here we go. This was making recording it at home. Oh no, you need the audio [ __ ] yeah he put in a glug glug sound effect. I wanted you guys to hear it's like not HP pouring out over that sound. What is it I? Don't know what it is, but I just loved an ostrich's like the glug glug glug, so it looks kind of gelatinous and then it goes to no sight, no sound. It goes no sound glug, no sir, and it's just boring, but yeah sometimes, but it's nacho cheese. It's gotta, be not you I, think, there's nacho cheese in Turkey. This guy's not full of surprises like this guy. You see when you get what you see and say it might have nacho cheese. One thing that kept coming up on the on the emails from our Turkish fans is that turkeys they love cheese. That's right! All of it. I know that about them: mmm, okay! Well, there you go something to get you warmed up. Everyone hungry, there's a lot of hubbub over the cats trailer, the movie cats based on the famous play cats I've, never seen the play. I really know anything about it. What's all the hubbub, why is everyone crazy about cats? The play first of all I mean I. Think it's like one of the longest-running, if not the longest running, show on Broadway ever oh, so it's a good play. Andrew, Lloyd, Webber, that's questionable! What's that Zack Andrew Lloyd Webber wrote a heroic family off okay, so it's um? Okay, so you will you probably have seen the play cast they've they have these kind of goofy, looking characters, cats the play. Let me pull up some images and I guess what happened? Is they tried to convert the look of the place? Somehow you have these, like humanoid cats, dad I like well, it's cool right for a live, a yeah, but what they did actually I mean. The movie should have probably just had them. Just like this right, that's true! That's where they miss made the first mistake. What they did is I, guess they had they CGI'd and tried to make them look like cats like human being human cat, that are actions that are cats, which is a weird route to go clearly, and so a lot of people have had an issue with how they look starring a lot of a lot of superstars. The other Swift is even made an appearance as a cat and cats one night one chance. What does that mean dan you've seen the play? Why is it so? At one night one chance I haven't seen it says I've seen the trailer and I could tell you it takes place over more than one night. You know, I I did I didn't see it live. They made a like a film of the theatrical version at some point which I think in like middle school, like a music teacher showed to the class which big mistake, a bunch of middle school I mean we just made fun of it the whole time, but from what I remember I mean the plot is really loose. It's just kind of like the cat's, a showcase of all of these different cats. Yeah it's one night, one chance I went to go, see it. Oh guy, Jack I want to go, see it. When I was like four years old and I left crying because I dared shitless. They are kind of spooky I mean it's pretty uncanny well and some of the cat there's like bad cats. In it, you know: okay, [, __, ] yeah did some scary, [ __ ] sake. So here we go. A lot of people have been saying: it's like a furry porn which we'll get into afterwards, but one night, oh there's they're like moving like cats. So it's just it's not a human yeah, the I guess the lead. The one that keeps showing is is a famous ballerina or sometime right, it's kind of interesting how everything is our look more. We go so it's interesting how everything's just scaled make them look like tiny little cats, - I, don't know if that's in the play, but I don't understand the approach. The weave culminated all the technology and everything we've come to in filmmaking and technological advances AI on the brink, and this is the best that we've we've developed as a human species. Just looks bad. There's nothing appealing about it. I, don't know why the visually it's like awful I, don't know what is it about a person looking like a cat just doesn't work so apparently, even the furries are unhappy with it and you would think that anyone James Gordon by the way this sounds like it was recorded in like 10 Studios removed from sounding real, like the mixing sounds awful right here we go here. We go he's like so far away from actually feeling like he's in the screen: [Music] yeah, the badass cat, so this cat [ __, ], [, __ ] up like he's an evil cat or he just [, __, ] I, don't know if he's evil, I think I think he's like a pimp. He just [ __ ] or he's an actual pimp. Again, it's been a long time since a I mean it's there's a seedy underbelly to the cat world that they all live in, so - I can pay to [ __ ] a cat. You must do that. Oh yeah yeah can I pay to [ __ ] a cat, a cat brothel. That's one of the saddest things about the cab on to go to a cat. He's not changed bond, but they want he. There was a whole debate, but I mean he's done a lot he's cut. You know. Yes, I mean he was stringer Bell. What do you have more than that? No AJ Idris Elba's is amazing, who, even though his name's al oh [, __ ] Idris Elba's his name's, all [ __ ]. What do you want from me? What's his name it, it's elbow, elbow elbow! Let's go ahead down just elbow Edge's elbow yeah! That's the big deal! We've got a [, __ ], crazy name. You can't walk around like your name's Idris Elba and not and expect people to get it right. He's like the only do with that name in the world. People at home were like you're so ignorant. Do you know that, like half of the people from [ __ ], whatever country, the aedra is the most popular name and elbows the most popular surname shut up? Okay, I want to see him as James Bond me too I think he's fantastic, I love him. I would totally love to see him as James. They should just if people care that much about it just make a new character called like James block tube literal [Music] in Macau, [, __, ] Gandalf's in this [ __ ], Taylor Swift. It looks so down. I mean look at this [ __ ]. So, oh my god, it's like Ghostbusters level of comedy like the female Ghostbusters one I hate the way they look her face. Don't look [Music] kind of makes me want to go, see them play things that I think I'm like test. How am I supposed to like the cat's, glad I, even liked cats? Well I closed costumes. There. You show those look good edges, better, look at her face, I mean. Do it my whole? You know you can't have it both ways. If you're gonna CGI a human into a cat, you got you can't have it both ways. Have them give them a more cat-like face or put them in a car at a real costume cuz. This is not good. They have a human note. They didn't edit their face at all. They have a cue. Why didn't you wait at their face? You made the breast of their body, look like a cat, but you kept the human nose, but even the body isn't doesn't look like a cat. Just looks like I've. Well, it looks you know what it looks like they're wearing a suit green Saturday CGI'd in so that, like fur texture, yeah right, why it doesn't make sense. It's like you didn't, go all the way, but her head she's got the first got the ears, but she has human teeth, lips, eyeballs and nose and eyebrows okay. What we need an Ethan Bradberry production here right hit me with that owl midway to the movie 30 minutes in it with that out, should eat them. Bradbury made this her face, looks [, __, ] awful, like I, don't understand what I'm look. Apparently, this actress is black and people were upset that she's a white cat by the way -. Why I don't know it's acting but laughs, but look well also, there's no race in an cat, at least not that I'm aware of I. Don't know cat culture I don't want to assume their identity, but her face is slit, transplanted on really badly and then it looks like they changed her nose. I, don't understand the whole argument of like a non gay shouldn't, play a gay character right, they're acting well. What isn't that their job? Yes, Sheila, and if you're gonna make a movie about cats? Why are you gonna cast human beings? Why not just add a display? Why don't you just film a bunch of cats running around a [, __, ] room, I, would watch I would watch the [ __ ] out of that too big and call it cats movie. Oh I, agree it's insane, it's like um. It should be about cats daily KATV and a bunch about eating pastrami I'd start that Scarlett Johansson gotten a lot of heat. First of all, she was gonna play a trans character and then people like well, you have to let a trans person play it. Then it's a documentary, isn't it well? Thank you wisely about I mean if you really want that level of realism. Watch a documentary. Well, the right thing, I don't understand. What's the problem also I think part of the? If the, if you're acting a mob, what are a serial killer? Do you have to have experience killing people, apparently so yeah you're, like bro? How many people have you actually killed in rapes because I'm you have, we have to go to prison and get but I think part of the actors experience. Is you know that level of empathy of being able to transport their identity into a body? That's not their own mm-hmm? They say: Scarlett Johansson can't play a trans person because she's, not trans or trans person, has to play a trans person to give them the opportunity I mean. Were we want the best person for the job right? Are they upset that a trans person couldn't get a job? Yes, yeah, that's the root of it mm-hmm. They think that, oh, if you're gonna cast a trans person, there's already not trans people in movies. So why are you hiring a non trans person right? They say: there's a lot of trans actors out there that are hungry for work, and it's like why not you might say that they're looking for a transaction, no people got really mad at marlott, for it I. Don't understand why they're not just mad at like the casting director and I like be mad of the production, not not the actor right, but but even still mm-hmm. She did drop out by the way well yeah, because everyone like who wants to do that, but even still, okay. Well, okay, what do you think about this gila as a thought experiment, your cat, a white dude, is cast I, don't know if this is the same, but your cast out of your race and then they make you look like that race. You mean blackface or ooo opposite like a black dude yeah, let's say Wahb! Well, we well. Okay! Is that the same go ahead? You're a white person can play a blackboard, yes, I, don't know it, but I mean it's a sensitive topic here. So I don't know back in the day they used to do it like Shakespearean times they starts to play women. So it's trans, the new thing, if you're gonna get trans played trance did the words that come out of my mouth makes it yeah. What do you think I? Don't know? It is interesting to think about it. In that context, maybe and yeah I mean there's I mean the white person playing a black. One, obviously is very loaded thing because of the history of blackface and everything, but then maybe it is the same way. What about men playing women cuz that used to be the norm right yeah, but in those days women? That's why they used men. They didn't let women act right, but so is trans the same, because if you, if you change your gender like, are we saying so again, this kind of backfires on them in a sense, because these I think a lot of these people think that gender is something that is fluid and and a social construct. So if, if I, you know, look I'm, just gonna say this, because it's the easy way to describe it I think it's finally cut off my dick people get offended when I say that because they say just because you cut off your dick doesn't mean you're, not a male anymore right. Okay, stop I'm, just I cut my dick off and I call myself a woman, I cut it off and identify now as a woman. First of all, let's start by saying this conversation was not planned, so we have no idea what we're talking about. We did not plan to talk about so if we sound my doing it off, probably because we are stupid, but how about my dick okay you're going? Okay, now I'm gonna wrap a rubber band around my dick and balls and tuck it behind my ass and I'm gonna. Keep it on there till it falls off rots off then I'm, trans, okay, no okay, and when I'm trans I'll go and play a trance okay. So actually I'm, not I'm, just me. But the point is that me without a dick still looks like me, and apparently the gender is a identity within yourself and has nothing to do with your genitals. So do you see what I'm saying this is more of a psychological thing than a physical thing, but I mean I, see what you're saying but I feel like that's not the best example, because people that actually you know, have a sex change. They do a lot more than just remove their penis. They take hormones and I'm over sip I am oversimplifying for the sake of brevity and humor and really yeah and I. Think you know it all. Just comes down to you know equal opportunity more so than it I think being inherently wrong for an actor to play something other than themselves, but I that gets lost in it. So where do we draw the line on this? What do you think then I know Dan thinks well, with the I mean I Scarlett said you know. Essentially what you were saying is that I'm an actor? This is my job I play other people and I'm, not gonna apologize for that, and you know for her individually. I agree for the studio like again I. You know if people want to be upset about it, I think getting mad at her is misguided. You know it's, the studio is deciding who's, gonna be in the movie or not, and so, if you feel like they're, not giving a fair shake to trans actors, then go after them or not the person. That's just trying to you know, make a living, which sounds weird saying that cuz she's one of the biggest actresses in the world, but no for her to look. The actors are looking for opportunities to transport, their selves into a new idea like I'm, interesting, Challenge, exactly right, right, - and there's the added element that she already got: [ __ ] for playing. Okay. How about this? When I've got a dirt I have a great ghost in a show: I have a great one right ghosts: Nichelle's, you played a Japanese character right, not Japanese. People gave a [ __ ] I've got a great one: What's Eating Gilbert Grape Leonardo DiCaprio played a [ __ ]. So do we have to cast a mentally challenged people to play the role of mentally challenged people with that Dan go ahead, but do you see that that tiptoes Thank You Zack yeah tiptoes is a little I? Think that and Forrest Gump and I mean come right, Forrest, Gump yeah! So are you saying that's a better example? They're, both good examples. Forrest Gump should Tom Hanks, while Tom Hanks was right should a slow adult should have played Tom Hanks should Wendy the slow. A dog have started in Forrest Gump, see that gets that gets really sticky I don't know, because then it comes down to the capability to write, I hate to say it, but I mean you know it's. You know. If somebody being able to learn it script right, yeah I mean if somebody is capable than sure absolutely there. You know that probably would be preferable because it would add to the authenticity of the movie right if it really was somebody with the mental handicap, but I mean, as evidenced by Forrest, Gump or or Rain Man or any of these movies. You know, people that aren't mentally handicapped can do a great job portraying it so yeah I mean so am I just is it just that trans people should play trans people? Maybe it is, that's all I honestly, don't know. I started the conversation by saying I. Don't understand why people are mad, but now I'm starting to understand if you compare it to black and females I'm, trying to think of there's any other examples like that I'm trying to put myself in it so like if someone is gonna play an Israeli character, who's, just a white dude, but do that all the time in movies they're like don't play, [ __, ] Superman, that's the ultimate insult right, American hero but like in gangster movies, you always have a tally, playing Jews or Jews playing a town, but you have all the time different ethnicities playing. You have people who are English playing Americans, so Russian always the bad guys because they are the bad guys. Yes, exactly good good job, but so, as at the ethnicity, become an issue or is it an issue of opportunity? You've got mm-hmm yeah, it's a little sticky. It gets sticky, ultimately, I. Just don't think it's that big of a deal just I, don't know. Is there I? Guess it's tough for trans actors and they're, like hey I, want a job right, but at the end of the day stuff. For that very end, that did everything is tough look they're trying to make a big-budget film. You need an actor to pull the audience in okay, Scarlett Johansson people are gonna want to watch that some unknown trans actor people are not gonna I mean well, maybe maybe it does happen, but I'm saying that's the if you want you understand yes, power casting you're, absolutely right about that and yes, I mean exactly it comes down to the marketing and they may draw it for the movie. They may be defeating themselves, because maybe this movie is making this great awareness for trans community and by having someone like Scarlett, Johansson, being comfortable playing a trans character and and an in a sympathetic, empathetic role where people are gonna, identify with her or watch this movie and feel that they're empowering the trans community by pulling her out, they are doing themselves a disservice because the less people are gonna watch it and who knows the movie not even get made, because the studio's got to make money back at the end of the day, mm-hmm I, I'm gonna. Look it up right now, actually, in the case I think the movie so I think they became victims. It wasn't following the story at all, so I don't really know what is the I think, maybe I think they can't became victims to their own outrage. You know, yeah, it looks like the movie is now in limbo, so yeah exactly now, because of that it's not being made at all so you're right. It's a I! Think what really could make it or break is. It depends on the writing. If the writers like actually consulted with, maybe the real people, went to real experiences right and they do raise our hands right I, probably probably we got to take a break right. Dan uh yeah we're at yeah all right a little after 30, so we didn't actually finish the cat's thing, because actually the next part of this was that the reaction of the furries community to the cat, because everyone's like oh they're, the only ones that are happy about this. Well, no, it turns out they're. Not so. We've got that coming up next, as well as illinit e, throwing or cat like a bag of dirt cat themed. Yes, and then the cat girl, Bella, Delphine, Belle, Delphine cat girdle we're gonna test her saliva and Zacks gonna he's gonna drink it so we'll be right back, enjoy the show. Welcome everybody to the first annual Teddy fresh collection hit it it's summer. 2019 and Dan is looking fresh as it can be. With that pink, teddy fresh bucket hat and a lose my number tee Dan. What should they do with your number? Lose it? That's right, Dan! Thank you! So much all available at Teddy, fresh, calm, Zac, sound, lad. Zac he's been through a lot but man. He looks good with that. Retro lavender t-shirt and black bucket hat. Let's see those socks, buddy beautiful, very nice. Look you have anything to say about for your dating profile, there's like a dating profile, video, ok, Thank, You, Zac, excellent, and next up, we've got Ian the intern head over to Teddy fresh calm to shop your summer, we're in the interlocking cool, as can be he's moving. It he's grooving it. This is not a joke. He's earning his keep. This episode is not sponsored. So Ian knows that. There's everything at stake here. This shirt and hat bucket hat is available at Teddy, fresh calm, and you have anything to say to the ladies single ladies. No, he doesn't thank you in ela coming up next, you know RC o Allah, who made it all possible design his amazing clothes. What's that shirt say ela very cool work, it girl work, it I, don't even need to say anything, just feast, your eyes, oh I, don't think so head on over to teddy fresh. Oh, you got socks, oh you wearing socks. Well, show them your shoes anyway, because they're fired. That's right! Folks, look at those shoes, they're, not Teddy fresh, so don't buy those, but everything else, dubai! Excellent! You look beautiful and credible dan dan is back a wardrobe change. Wow. Is that a grayscale button-up working it black bucket hat I cannot get over this outfit. Let me see those socks, Dan holy [, __, ] Teddy fresh, are you freaking kidding me whoa, don't show much too much leg here now people we're trying to do a safe for work, show here: Dan, haha, alright and finally. Finally, the host of the show ethan klein, Deb and I forgot the word for the inspiration. There's the muse of 30 fresh ethan klein plus-size model, because we are very progressive. We don't discriminate, Ethan likes to wear extra-large and he's rocking it. He wears the socks which slides good. She slides buddy got them on sale, we like sales and it talks a button-up shirt and shorts I. Don't know about that now very much into that look, okay, cut it up, cut it up and commercial is over back to the show. How was the teddy fresh fashion show? Did you guys watch it Dan, not obviously the audience watched it I thought it was cool, so mom Army's make sure to support your teddy fresh calm, already Ethan, weird to watch the [ __ ] out, so we were so here. Let's look at it! How about the first thought about the cats? So, like you were saying, everyone was thinking. Well, furries would like that movie. So the furries BuzzFeed on did some hard-hitting journalism. Fy even furries, think the catch trailer looks bad. They quote a furry who says: furries wants something they can [ __ ] FAP to and the cats movie is not that one furry said say: I have a feeling this guy probably doesn't represent the furry community. I love the brutal honesty yeah, because well that's what I always figured that this was a deeply sexual thing, but whenever I ask them they're like no come on, it's got to be well here it goes on. It explains a little bit the furry fetish, contrary to some people's assumptions. Even members of the furry community think the catch trailer looks weird sorry, Taylor Swift, when the catch trailer hit the internet earlier this week the reaction was pretty on and that unanimous, oh, why am I coming abhor and disgust at the CGI fur technology mixed with eerie human faces? It also led to a pretty widespread joke online. The first must love the human cat mashup, but according to interviews with members of the furry community, that's not true a furry from Canada whose first SONA a term fur is used for their animal alter-ego. Is a lemur told BuzzFeed news, the filmmaker didn't get the human cat mix right. He said, furries wants something that can [ __ ] fav -, and the cat's movie is not that the ballet aspects are display of human beauty and movement in form. If the CG, if you see G that it'll be trashy, also, cats is not particularly comfortable watch. To begin with, it's meant to be like well cats, so he's saying that the ballet is an aspect of human beauty and what they're? Looking for is animal beauty, and that makes it sound, [, __, ], creepy, yes, Oh animal. The disconnect according to members of the furry fandom, is that they are drawn to a very specific cartoony, ass aesthetic. So, while yes, the CGI cat people are from cats, are human-animal hybrids. They don't feature that thing's furries are drawn to like big eyes, expressive faces and cute proportions. The cat's cats just look like cat people, so there you go even the furries are not a lot but I guarantee you little cartoons great. You know how when when this reminds me of Avatar, when the blue aliens came out I first of all, every time I realized that avatar was the highest-grossing film that was just passed by and game. It blows my mind because that movie [ __ ] sucks I hate it it's dumb. Why is it so bad couldn't wait for it to be over, but what I? What I think is that this movie's gonna spawn probably a new fetish, because now after avatar, you see these blue people or I saw I seen a dude who tattooed his whole [ __ ] body blue, so he could [ __ ] like a avatar. We look at on the show, yeah and so I think this is gonna spawn a new, a new movement I think you can see a lot of cats porn after this movie comes out so buckle up for that, oh boy, the responses I've seen within the community have been either people getting really frustrated with it for fun to get completely laughable. Some find it funny that this is what hollywood thinks is marketable when it comes to selling furry content to a general audience. I don't think that is something they considered dude, while others are infuriated that this is how anthropomorphic characters were chosen to appear design wise. The the furry community is upset. What is a picture at the top? Is that, like an edited version to make it look yeah? This is what they're saying like. If you wanted to make a look more cat-like or maybe furries more like furries could masturbate to it then, but I do agree like you should have I mean come on. This just looks stupid. It looks so dumb, I, don't think the one on the left. It's not right! It's not better! It's it's! It's probably worse! It's actually, probably worse. I can't jerk off to this. This I can almost get to because, like it looks more female, but this on nobody's masturbating to this I guarantee you that well, eventually, people will masturbate to all of this. As we've learned in the internet, there's always a way right. Ian right, no comment right. So there you go. The cat's movie is a disappointment to all doesn't come out until the end of the year, so maybe they'll pull of Sonic and sanic sanic and redo it or I'd. Really doubt it. That's not one character. That's like the whole [ __, ] movie, yeah speaking of cats. This is the big gossip story on the Internet of last week, illinit II, who is a twitch streamer with big-ass titties she's like a titty streamer. Well, I, don't know the size of her tits I'm, only saying that she's known for wearing like very little clothing, and it's us and I think it's well assumed that most people are watching this because she's, a pretty girl that doesn't wear a lot of clothes, is that right, Dan I everything I've ever seen of her. She doesn't actually wear that revealing clothes. It's not like the ones that just wear like bikini tops or stuff like that she wears I mean cleavage Laurel. Yes, she she dresses in a relatively revealing way. Yes, yeah I mean yes, thank you Dan! Thank you and I'm. Just doing a google search. It's not that bad! Let me see yeah I, really it's just showing some cleavage. Well, there's some yeah I! Guess! That's it I mean look I'm, not a man. It's not that revealing! It's not even like anything, I mean if I saw someone like that on the street, I wouldn't feel like you wouldn't think about it twice, I think about it. More than twice do you know: I'm kidding, no laughter, huh, tap dance went in here. Okay, look at her course, not! Okay, well, at any rate, it there I think, but there's a term that people have and I'm not necessarily agreeing our disagree. My only trying to explain the perspective of the people who who dislike her, they call her a titty, streamer and I guess she's done stuff where, like she flips up her skirt shows her thong I, don't know: okay, okay, I'm, not gonna, blame the girl for being attractive and being on Twitch, okay, but what happened was that first PETA tweeted out this video calling on twitch to take a stand for cats and removal entity from twitch immediately she's, using the platform to post animal abuse, which sends a dangerous message to anyone watching her videos. Cats are not props to abuse for views. Well, let's watch the clip when we got here, I mean yeah. What do you think about her outfit here? I mean it's I would see people wearing that every day, but yeah I mean it's just a little sloppy for the kid it increases our views. Yeah, not my taste, but obviously a lot of women do dress like that too yeah who aren't actually trim just who are just walking down the street right, which also, incidentally, increases the views, but they you know anyway, the cat walks up the twitter is [ __, ], dude I, don't know what to say: cuz everytime, I fullscreen. It breaks been doing this for a while. I lo so the cat walks in the way she scoops it up and throws it behind her and so I mean I, never had a cat weight like weights right, oh I would never do that, but no I know that cats are different right. They, yes, sir very nimble, I, don't know if there's a something behind her -, maybe there's a bed but I mean clearly clearly Shh I, don't know I'm, just not I, guess I'm, not that offended by it. I I've had cats before they're. Very you can [ __ ], throw the hell out of cats. Yeah I've had cats all my life I. Don't find this to really be that reprehensible. It's I wouldn't really think about it. Twice: okay! Well, the cat's fine, he PETA cherry-picked it and now I. Guess people already hate her because she gotten some beef with PewDiePie where she claimed one of his videos. He did like an eye tracking video where he you can track where the pupils are looking and he was looking at twitch girls and he kept looking at her tits. He couldn't help himself whatever that was oblong, plotting a video and then I guess she got upset because of something he said, and she said I'm gonna claim his video believe she was upset because he referred to her as a twitch thought, yeah, the other term, which I suppose it's pretty derogatory. It's like calling her a [, __ ] I mean thought. Is that hoe over there? So it's just calling her hoe, basically yeah, and so she got upset claimed this video, which is wrong. Obviously, like I mean I, don't [ __ ] with well. You don't do that at this Pyatt yeah and I, don't [ __ ]. First of all, with you know, it's funny her admitting. That is the crazy thing about copyright laws that you have to be able to prove that it was made in bad faith. So her admitting that on camera is like the impossible proof that she did it in bad faith. So it seems like she's, got an anger problem or something this girl is like I, don't know to go out of your way and claim PewDiePie's video is just it's so stupid, so immature and throwing the cat she's she's. Obviously, just really immature, you know, I, don't know I. The thing is like it doesn't sound like what he did was that offensive, so just just go with it. If I was her yeah embrace it yeah. Well, if somebody called you a ho well, if I dressed like that, I'm not I'm, not calling her a ho, but I would at least understand we're, certainly not the first time you know, I can understand it. Yeah well I mean when you dress like it, you kind of ask for that attention. You know you know. Okay, I think: that's why I don't like dressing like that fair enough, I, don't like getting that attention, and so I mean she could have said: hey [, __ ], you dude, you know Pig or whatever, but claiming his video boss is illegal and a big no-no where I come from. So that's why people hate her. So then PETA cherry-picked this and now all the kids on the internet are saying you know we got to. We got to ban illinit e because of animal abuse and I, don't know I, just I, don't find it that offensive. I'm, sorry, I know people are gonna, hate are gonna, people are not gonna like hearing me say that, because the hive mind wants to burn her alive for animal cruelty, but guys you're, you're, you're siding with PETA. Okay PETA is basically saying sure. I'll take that cat and euthanize it people are calling animal protective services. Literally, she has a bunch of tweets withdrawal re later people were calling animal protective services to come, inspect her home and make sure she wasn't abusing her animals. Well they. Basically, you really think that this cat you're looking out for the interests of this cat, you think this cat's gonna be happier and a pound or being euthanized instead of a home with her I mean just because she tossed it behind, doesn't mean she doesn't love and take care of the cat. That has me [, __ ]. If it gets if it gets taken to the pound, you know so, as usual, the kids take it too far. I don't know I'm not offended by this. Now what another video that somewhat pulled and Dan you, you kind of spoke more to this one here. She is giving vodka to her cat and I guess. Well here, let's, let's, let's watch and then comment on it for the kids. Can you not play copyrighted music? What is with these people on Twitch? Well, how they don't care about the vods I'm just over it? Well, I, don't need sound. Do I know: twitch is such a nightmare. Everything about tonight, I wouldn't go on that website. I'll, just all you guys are like okay, YouTube had a lot of drama, but I'm now, learning that's, which is it's like, which is way more talk around my city and to twitch is so toxic and crazy. Yeah and everybody listens to [ __ ], copyrighted music, so I got a muted which sucks, but she goes for the cat. She has [ __ ] in her mouth, and the cat looks inside her mouth thinking its water I guess, but the cat was who that cat was like used to drinking out of her mouth. Was that a kiss yeah I've, never I mean? Is that normal? That cat will kiss your mouth like that? Yeah yeah, but shudders? A dog cats are different. Normal reaction for the cat, yeah I find this one to be way worse than the other. Definitely tasted it. And oh, this pad is like the reaction. The cat like panics, like oh, my god, the cat is really really really spooked by that and she's laughing I actually feel bad for the cat that was yeah. That was the cat was really like if shredder reacted, something like that I feel awful. You have you worried about him and Dan. You had pointed out that alcohol is very poisonous to cats. Yeah in particular, extremely like a very small amount can be deadly. I mean a tiny little bit right, but yeah. It's the fact that they're little, but also just their bodies, can't process alcohol at all and I looked it up at like a teaspoon worth of alcohol can be fatal to a cat, so that is [ __ ] out this one is way worse than yeah. This seems really cruel on the way she laughed and Lily for sure. I would have felt really bad I mean clearly that the cat didn't get a lot of alcohol, just tasted it and then recoiled, but but he didn't taste it. You can see. Oh ya know the catcher, panics I mean really panics and if I don't know I, if I that's like harming your animal intentionally and yeah I, just imagine putting her. Do that and seeing him react. I would just feel awful. So I, don't know. You know this. I don't like to see, but it's twitch everybody on twitch is a [ __ ] idiot psycho like I, don't know you know what I'm saying I mean yeah, it's bad I, don't like it, but everybody on twitch is a psych. Chris Brown is a trendy. So let me see what else I got here. It's a whole thing, so she tweeted out hey guys, I, understand the concern. I'm, sorry for my lapse in judgment. I shouldn't have gotten frustrated with Milo, but I dropped him on the floor behind my chair. Oh so there isn't a bet. She dropped him on the floor. Not that's strong. The vodka thing was well over a year ago, but it was also a stupid thing to do also I understand the desire to report me to pet authorities encourage everyone to do so. If the field pets are being mistreated by anyone anywhere, my animals are well loved and living a warm and caring home and I will comply with any authorities that seek to validate this. Please stop coming to my house and ask my neighbors. Where I am it's actually really scary? People have been sharing this message from her discord. That is yet honking firmed. It says, don't worry, guys. I'm fine I spoke to someone at twitch today and I'm not banned, but people who have been harassing me might be I. Don't okay, I mean I, don't have our time, believing that's real yeah, but what's the big deal? Well, it's just it anytime. Anybody shows a cropped image of something from discord. I am extremely skeptical. It is unbelievably easy to fake stuff on discord. It's the simplest thing ever, but the message I, don't feel is damning. Is it well she's implying that she's got contacts on the inside that or he does I well I'm sure she does, but I don't think she would share that publicly. You know what I mean, so maybe I'll say this for my own experience on Twitch I'll give you example that the second part of this is that people are also upset about Twitch's double standard on forcing things so I'll tell you that my experience, because we used to be on tuition. We need to be partner with them. When we did our charity stream, Joey salads came here and he so he went down to the park across the street and Justin roiland pepper, sprayed him in the face for charity, of course, and we had to do it in a way because we weren't ready for it. The Joey live streamed it on his phone and then we watched it on the TV mm-hmm, so twitch suspended Joey's twitch account like immediately, but they didn't, they didn't do anything to us and I later spoke on the phone. It's my contact there and he said and I quote, that we give special treatment who are to our partners to our big partners. Well, we take care you because I was I was joking with him, like. Isn't that funny? Isn't that hilarious, that Joey got banned and we didn't? This is [ __ ]. We showed the same thing. In fact, we put him out there. We told him to do it. I mean effectively. It was us not him. They banned him and didn't punish us, and we joked about it and I joked about it. With the twitch staff and he said yeah. We could Lou yeah. Yes, you get special treatment because you're a big partner of ours, but is that really surprising I mean uh, of course not not really yeah? It's obvious that I mean I get a way low, higher level of service from YouTube. Then right, then, when I was a small Channel makes sense right it does it's funny. I was just listening to the Bilborough podcast recently and he was talking about Epstein mhm, and so he was saying he was saying the same thing that you're saying like. Are you surprised that someone who's higher up gets a special treatment like if he was given like a simple example? If you go to a a club and there's the the guy at the entrance who lets people in what's the bouncer, the bouncer? So if you go to a club and there's a line to get in, but you know the buns, the bouncer, the bouncer is gonna, let you in because he knows you and he said that goes home life all the way up. So if you know someone and we're really high up, you're gonna get special treatment right yeah. That makes sense people always look at it's like some nefarious conspiracy, but the truth is it's just when you know someone you treat them kinder than if you did it, you have more empathy, because you know them personally mm-hmm well having empathy for child rapist is one thing well, I would go further and say if it's somebody that you know that makes your company a lot of money right, you get preferential treatment, but really what it's all about. Yeah. Thank you. So apparently, illinit E is very popular I. Don't know how she's very popular in twitch right, Dan yeah from what I understand she's it's like her him one other girl whose name I can never was that one girl, she's more in pokey Maine, is really big. Oh she's, big -, that's true in the same stratosphere can I like Pokemon, see I, don't know if it's the same stratosphere, because she's a female but I, don't know if she's, like a cleavage, streamer I, think I think she escapes yeah she's, not I, don't want to know again every buck. This whole class warfare on Twitch and I'm not familiar with it. So I, don't I, don't want to lump anyway. Yes, so, but what they're saying is that there's a double standard? For example? Here's a video of a user named only use me blade, who threw his dog similar to how she threw her cat and he was promptly permanently banned. This one has licensed music -. Okay, thank you for that sup. Here we have the video so remotely men permanently banned. I mean this. This video is [ __ ] insane honestly, this guy's, it's the weirdest thing and all of his friends are like bro. What did you just do? I guess, they're, drunk and streaming there's two angles which I'll show you the first one looks way worse. The second one doesn't look as bad, but he's hanging out with his dog and he just [ __ ] Chuck's him like, and all this ruins are like why the [ __ ] was that, but he doesn't get it. He doesn't understand why you can't chuck your dog he's like no, no, no I, always Chuck my dog they're, so trashed, it's just good, offering I can't stand that this is to Alice. No I mean that people will treat their animals like that where's. The one of the second angle I can't like if I, if I, think that shredder is in the slightest pain. Oh well, yeah I mean shredders our babe he's our child he's our firstborn child here. Just from the second angle, here doesn't look as bad here, but I mean he Chuck, the dog actually helped landed quite elegant. That's true doesn't look as bad here. I still went under that, but yeah. Why would you just chuck your dog that doesn't make any sense yeah, but it's pretty funny how all of his friends are like? Well, what was not yeah and they're all pissed, drunk too so having the presence of mind when you're that drunk to be like what was that, anyway, that guy got immediately permanently banned, so huh, it's quite similar to only just a few months ago. I believe -, really, oh yeah. This is amazing. History and so illinit II wasn't punished at all. She didn't get a suspension, not even for a day, so it seems like even if you're gonna give someone a special treatment that it's a stretch here: -, not even punished or anything yeah. In fact, they haven't even acknowledged. It is that right, damn as far as I've been able to see um, there may have been an update this morning that I haven't seen yet but um yeah I. She seems to be getting away with it. I mean the vodka one for sure at least deserves like a short suspension, maybe not a band but yeah. It's way worse and it's weird how that one not to say that it hasn't gotten attention. It is, but everybody's, mostly focusing on the cat, tossing and I think people are casting, maybe focusing on the cat tossing, because it's such a parallel and people are I, think they're just trying to prove that's, which has a double standard, and they want to know why, right so she got a pass and frankly, I have to say they have a point. There was a twitch streamer, this one's so crazy, it's not really related, but it blew my mind. I'm not gonna show it whether there was a female streamer who, during a live stream, would choke her [ __ ] cats out to be open group that um yeah they wouldn't pass out, but she would like, like squeeze him really hard and they would start clawing her until she bled and they'd jump away. She was doing it to show them who's boss, so she could be the Alpha. The part that blew me, oh god so, but she was banned for a year. I, don't know how big she was. Obviously that's way worse. That's like psycho she'd be banned for life, banned first sector. So you know I, don't know so pure and sweet yeah. They are there dude. Why would you want to, and why would you even have that urge to do anything? That's fine, a weird but I've I've heard. Well, you just I think someone who harms animals is uh. It's as you about I mean I, don't know it's uh self-hate violent tendencies, I mean not a healthy person yeah, although I can't say that these people are I, think these people are just doing stupid things I'm, not saying that, like the two clips that we saw I, don't necessarily think they're animal abusers. Well. That second guy makes me wonder the way. I know that probably just did something: lupa taken care of yeah, yeah yeah, like I'm sure al inity takes great care of her cats and she, the cats like that cat looked like good I mean. Do you agree with that? Dan as a cat person, I mean the fact in the vodka clip that the cat is comfortable enough to come up in nuzzle or her mouth or whatever I mean yeah I mean. Obviously this class, like her yeah, but I mean that's. Why that one's [, __ ] up and said? Why do that to this right? You mean yeah, the cats, trust exactly yeah, but ultimately she's, just she's done a very stupid thing and we all do stupid. Things, though, only happened that she was a live streaming. It right and sure life shouldn't be ruined. Her career shouldn't be ended, but I think it's fair to expect. At least a little bit of I was expecting this guy, who was banned for life for something that's like it's really our again. He needs to be bent for life. Yeah I, don't know if he had a previous history but like obviously his seemed more little more intense, but you can't really draw a distinction between the two. So the fact that he was banned for life- and she wasn't punished at all- is very, very questionable for sure. So there you go I, think I think people are are definitely overreacting, but I also do acknowledge that tuition absolutely has a double standard. There's been stuff of, like dudes, being banned for being topless, and then girls with like I, don't know, there's a lot of stuff around sexuality. Girls who push the envelope, obviously much farther than her who are punished, but then, like a dude, shows himself topless like apparently dudes can't even talk be topless on boys know why I think they may have revised that when I was when I was researching. This that was like an issue a couple years ago, but they've now revised their rules, I think they're, because I don't know I torches, a nightmare, it does there's a nightmare and I do feel like the people that run Twitch, there's been like rumors that'll entities like sweeping sleeping with twitch staff and I have no freaking idea. If that's true or not, it sounds outlandish, but what I'm saying is of I'm not saying anything about her, but the people that run to which would do that that I know of like I wouldn't be surprised at all like they have these parties I wouldn't be surprised, they're, just a bunch of young kids. These are not kids, it's which is not like a slick company. It's not it's just a bunch of kids and it's owned by Amazon. They have a ton of money, and it's like you can't tell from our experience. It's definitely just a completely different age. Demographic like compared to YouTube the people that we work with on YouTube are two adult professional: their parents. They, whatever the people who were really violent, which are like it's a great age or younger, it's a bunch of kids that are running twitch and they have parties they mingle. With the the streamers like there was this twitch party, we went to once turn a3 and all the streamers were there and all the staff was there and everyone's getting drunk together same age. You know those you know: they're [, __, ], yeah and I, wouldn't even such a drunk, 20-somethings, decks, I, don't and I, wouldn't even be surprised if some of these girls are like I'm, going to specifically try to [ __ ] at a high level, twitch staffer to get preferential treatment. You know if I have tits I'd [ __ ], they should have, but again so and another aspect that I want to address in conclusion is that there's a lot of angry young men I want to clear this up, who seek attractive girls on Twitch and they perceive them as having no skill or no talent. Yet they are very popular, and that makes them angry because they want to be very popular on Twitch and they see themselves on better at this game, I'm more entertaining than her. Yet nobody watches me and they say they get angry, because the girl just has a pair of tits and she's, attractive and I say to them you in this world. First of all, you need to get a [ __, ] grip, dude you and this world have got to use what you've got. Some people are really good at video games ninja by far the most popular some people have big titties, but that alone will not take you that far you gotta have some talent. You gotta be able to entertain something Marth well, I, don't know. Let me amend or I probably would bet that there are a lot of attractive girls that wouldn't make it because I don't know not as big as her but I feel like well, yeah you're right to be successful in any career people. Always you have don't be. It doesn't just happen for no reason you have to be hard-working or you know there has to be a lot to the sauce of what makes it happen. You're right, it's not just boobs you're or juice you're, absolutely right. When people are successful in any field, it's easy to discount their success and say: oh they're, only there's only that people only succeed, especially over the long term, by being extremely motivated and working hard and being and having an edge and being very good that hedge, so maybe she's got a lot. Maybe you're, really talented and you've got all the same things as her, but she's got an edge, she's, attractive girl in that and that matters in this world to some people she's clearly delivering some unique product. That is, is that people want to consume and just because you're, a pasty, ugly, [, __, ] guy, who happens to be poured mediocre at fortnight. You know you don't have to it's sorry, dude! That's life! What it's always been like that men get preference handsome men, you know, get preferential treatment. You think I wouldn't like to be beautiful. It's kind of interesting too, if you look at the top streamers on Twitch, like the male's I mean granted, they are you know. People like ninja are excellent at what they do, but it is interesting. I mean the majority of them are pretty handsome guys too I mean it is not an ugly dude. You know what I mean and it's like I'm, it's not fair, but that's why I know yeah attractive people get ahead in life. That's reality. Man or woman, I, absolutely agree and I mean sex, sells. That's like true to every degree, so I think there's a lot of young men that hate these attractive girls who show their cleavage on Twitch because they see them as having this unfair advantage. But look that's life dude you gotta, find another edge. I feel like those guys are probably the kind of guys that would watch it. Of course, that's exactly right, no they're, the ones that are watching they're, the ones that are supporting and subscribing exactly who's watching her. That's so true somebody is watching her subscribing supporting her donating. You know what I'm saying I don't know. I said, though, the amount of hate that attractive girls on Twitch get makes me uncomfortable. It's like there. It's just yeah. You got to get real dude. You know if you can get better than ninja fortnight, then great. If they're able to get the following and pull in the views, then they're doing something right. That demand will always be there. Look you know some people want to watch for and I with some titties, and that's just that right, ela, that's right! Thank you did I cover everything. I feel like I did, but with the Elana T drama, yeah I mean that that's all there really is to it. I mean the backlash seems to be continuing, and you know people claiming well they're, supposedly like Ethan kind of mentioned, in passing evidence of her having some dirt on which staffers or whatever but nothing's materialized from that. So it's it's um, it's very unsubstantiated, rumors, yeah and rumors, by the way that I would totally see someone making up and everyone just gobbling up, because they want to believe it. Yeah I mean as far as I know. The only evidence is again that discord screenshot, which is a crop screenshot. That's not evidence, I mean yeah, it's nothing. Nothing I didn't I could have said the same thing about like well. All she said is that I talked to twitch and that they're not gonna, punish me assume. That's not weary. You 'z the score for the show and when even ten seconds, I could change my profile picture to her and my name to illinit II, and it would be like I'm her, but if it was it does right. It's not that big of a deal I mean she says. Let's assume it's real. She says I talk at which she's not gonna, punish me. Okay, we've proven there's a double standard. She has context at which so did I when I was on twitch and then she says, but they're gonna punish the people who are asking me well, I am ayat I, don't know who I guess she's talking about others, twitch streamers. As far as we've seen, that hasn't happened, otherwise I'm sure it would have been brought up so who knows well, the bigger twitch is gonna, get they're. Gonna have a lot more thanks to to deal with like the double standard or I. Don't see it I don't think twitch is going gonna get big for a minute. I thought it was when like ninja was coming up and we were on there with our podcast, but I'll tell you. They were trying so hard to be more than video games mm-hmm and it was so important for them to grow as a platform, yeah and I. Think then bringing our podcast on was really smart and we had a lot of success there, but one tank came time to renegotiate our contract. They were penny-pinching us and throwing us away and have totally unreasonable demands and we're even I would even go as far as to say, vindictive and petty when we decided to leave twitch and go back to YouTube like, for example, after the after I decided that they cancelled my partnership, like just had a spite I already had before the pod color years, yeah and I would stream on and off and after that it ended. They canceled my day, one other way and canceled my partnership to get rid of my subscribe button, and then they still owed me money at 6 months later after trying to chase down my payment for so long they're like oh, so we're trying to pay you, but we actually need you to sign up for the partner program again before we can pay. You I was like you, [ __, ] clowns, I, refused, I actually got in on and off with them for a long time and I just flat out said: I am NOT enrolling in that [ __ ], here's, my wire information, you put me out, [ __, ] pay me. You know so I think that the management there's a mess, I think that they're extremely short-sighted with their budget and how and how they cater to content and they lost us big-time I liked being there, but they lost us big time. I think that the management is really bad, I think they don't have good people there and I think that they they're just too invested in video games and they haven't successfully branched out to other verticals. Yeah I mean they were trying to get us to like agree on amount of hours to stream. They're like how can you stream more hours but I'd say the show, is the show it's not about how many hours we can go exactly the show is about what we talked about and it has its own like it or leave it yeah we're not gonna stream longer to meet some our quota. No, we just want the show to be good, hmm, but I, don't think twitch is ever gonna, I! Think they're I, don't see it I, don't see it. They they're not able to cater to high quality. People like playing video games is cool and that's one thing, but if you want, like talented people, making high quality content there, there's no [ __ ] reason to do it. Another game is not that's what I mean it's not, but it's not that what they're doing isn't great it's great on Twitch and it's obviously really entertain cuz. A lot of people are watching it, but if you want to, if you have their vertical ya broader than video games, then you need to I. Don't know they just weren't willing to do what it took to to do it and so I, don't it. You know they want to ask me that like took us out to a fancy, dinner and they're, trying to pick our brain and he's like what do you think you know? How do we compete and I was like? Oh well, you need votes you need to, and this was during a time when people were really angry with YouTube and all their systems and ad pocalypse and copyright, and all this I was like bro everybody's trying to make a competitor to YouTube. There's creators who are banding together try to make competitors of YouTube, you guys have the money and the means in the audience just start making vods and recommending bots to people, because they have vods of streams, but there's no curated. There's people don't upload their videos like, even if you allowed youtubers like me or any of their big creators who stream their to just upload their YouTube videos, also on Twitch and then created some means of delivering it and compensating you in a couple years. Time would already start building that ecosystem and they're like oh. We never even thought about that. It's so crazy. Just think about I mean how have a market it is on YouTube of like reuploads and edits of twitch streams. Like that's you, that's such a good point like. Why is that even our highlight channel started right? Well, we take our clips to the point that, like twitch, can't even manage their own content that originates there, that people would rather watch it on YouTube, because YouTube system of serving it and curating it is so much better mmm-hmm. That's a huge problem like if they they need to develop a way to curate content and serve it to people. If you show down on people's home page they'd be watching videos on Twitch before you know it mm-hmm, and then all the sudden people are spending more time on twitch, because one of the inherent issues with twitch is that you can only watch one video at a time. One stream once persons streaming you want watching live, is way better than the vaad mm-hmm. Let's face it because you want to interact what's happening right. So I think part of the issue on Twitch. They love people have trouble with. Is that you? You could only watch one live show at once, so it's like right competing yeah. You can watch a thousand videos and there's there's space for everybody on YouTube, but on Twitch you're actually competing for the live view. That's why it's so toxic I think so between the streamers, yeah and I. Think that's I! Think so, because people see these like titty streamers as stealing views, because again people decide what they want to view. It's just a stupid nonsense, but I was I, was blown away by twitch is uh almost how they brushed aside. What I thought was good yeah to them and when he was like, oh, we hadn't even considered that I was like. Are you [, __, ] yeah? That's well sure you should worry, especially like you said, I mean this was during the period of that puck like when yes, wait for YouTube was at its highest like. That was the time the strike right then, and they were just dropping all completely. It's crazy with Jeff Bezos money, you, you would think that yeah, but they are such penny-pinching little Fox over there and they're. Just so they're so focused on the bottom line. I think twitch, probably just loses a bunch of money and Amazon. Well, that's true, but I think Google is way clearly, but I mean YouTube is like, though I advertising arm. The YouTube is a special I think they they understood the value there, but I don't think Amazon is stands a valiant which for the potential they bought it I, don't know. What's wrong, I, don't know somebody, they can't figure it out over there anyway, [ __ ] it all [ __ ], [, __, ], twitch I'm over them. I really am you know, I were like being there, but they blew it, and this kind of [ __ ] is stupid because on YouTube there's such a clear separation of the staff and I think that's part of the problem. Also, the people feel somewhat alienated on YouTube, but on Twitch, there's, not enough bigger separation, because, while I wouldn't be surprised at all, if it was a rumor that ill entity sleeping with twitch staff, you have the hand I wouldn't all be surprised, because it's extremely possible for something like that to happen. That's my schpeel and in short, what do we say in the last episode? Thank you to buzz. Thank you to BuzzFeed people of like I'm. Sorry, no TMZ! Thank you to TMZ for saving you Zach I want to talk to you about something: I advise fate. Okay, I'm talking about BuzzFeed Zach, his dad is a realtor and he's been showing us some houses. You know we talked about an anecdote with our Realtors and it was funny because we're like man I hope, both of them don't listen and what ended up happening is that both of them listened and they teamed up and now they're, both representing us, because I brought in Zach's dad after the fact yeah, and so we looked. We went to go look at the house over the over the past couple days and now we're show up to the house and it's all three of them all three of them came reality. Reality Wars yeah, but I was like I saw. The I saw all three of the people, Zach's mom Zach sat in our old realtor and we pull up and I was like ela. This is so [ __, ], weird that we are. We were hoping that none of them listened and then they're all there, and they all heard it they've all heard it and I was just. It was just so weird when your dad's funny Zach, he pulled up um and he was all tucked in yeah I call it a Todd and tuck is that time is hot he's got a bit of he's, got a bit of he's, got a chub and tuck. Well, you know I told him about the chap and talking, but he had it like the high. You know: he's got the muffin top he's a bit of a muffin top cuz he's a tall guy. It was all tucked in he was tucked in like pretty high like this yeah, something like that. Yeah my name's Todd sy said Elissa Todd and tuck Donny, pretty fine I'm gonna start using that, but your dad's, fine man, cuz we've been talking about the property and all this and I says your dad sends me this unprompted Zack. He says that's real father with a picture of you and Ron Jeremy yeah. Now that implies that your mom [ __, ] Ron Jerry sure and got pregnant well, it's just totally I'm prompted and I was like andddd, but that's my daddy sends random [ __ ]. Well then, here's another one. You tell me what you think about this. He sent me this unprompted I said Wow. He says such a nice night I says, looks huge, the pool he says. That's what Zach's mom said. What do you think about that? You know he makes these jokes like that are just so inappropriate he's like pulls the best Larry David moment. You like it sounds like you like your dad yeah I love, my dad. Oh, that's good yeah, but that's beautiful, then yeah I was expecting almost for you to just be like I'm, so embarrassed it does this [ __ ] I'm, like you know, I, don't want to even I, don't even want to know you live it. We have the same sense of humor and like we feed off of that. Okay, that's awesome. That's beautiful! Then yeah cuz, my dad or your dad said that you used to sleep in a bed next to their bed. Okay, there's a few things. I need to clarify, and he said he said used to slip on the floor. Like a dog and he's put step on you there's a few things. I need to clarify. Alright one I did not show you guys that I I wanted to help you guys. You guys are the godparents Ethan you're, the god papa. They do not get compensated. I did not get comments. Cuz your dad said he said that he would well. He said that you only to honey. Yes, so exactly for honest with us, no no Zach percent, honest and don't feel bad because I, like your daddy's, a great agent and I'm glad we're connected with him, but be honest, were you compensated in in money or in any other way advantage? Is that forgiveness, yeah I have to pay him a certain amount of month? Okay, this month, taken off the bill sounds like payment. That sounds like a fine I did not receive $200 got a commission bro. Your Bill got prorated. How much money did he take off the bill? $200, your dad makes him you pay him $200 a month, sometimes sometimes and I accept when you could, when you Commission your anyways. My point was: why does he make you pay $200 a month? Well, now that I'm, rent, 21 and you know out there in the world- is a bum yeah. That's a pretty good deal on rent yeah. To be honest, so anyways I wanted to help you guys out, because I never would want to go against the family. So I wanted you to be taken care of, and you were talking to certain area, and you know that that's my dad's specialty. So that's why well I tell you that I appreciate that, because he's very good and I'm glad we got connected with him yeah you have. You have see the way he your mom told me. It, though, is that you guys were arguing about it and your mom was like I wanted to respect your privacy. He didn't want to give you his information and your dad squeezed it out of you because he wanted it. He you know he wanted to. He wanted to sell us a house, and then he gave you that $200 Commission I mean I was reluctant at first, because obviously I want to keep you know. I, don't want your stuff getting out there, but look I realized that this could help you right, of course, absolutely so yeah and then yeah now. Is it true that you had a pacifier ceremony? It was somewhat of a ceremony, yes, but there was no fire involved. Okay, what was the ceremony do? Remember it so I I did have a pacifier till I was like four years old mm-hmm and they made me get rid of it and I'm still sad, but this day it was 5:00 on Tuesday same four years old. Now, five years old, before okay I mean I I don't have much of a beef. Really no I, like your dad, your dad's awesome, dude yeah bombed the toddster he's like they. He, my parents, love you guys, your dad so funny. He walks in Alice he's like he's just got this thing about him he's, like so I know the builders, the builders make great material I've, seen my dad walk in the houses and he'll go right for the fridge first and like make like a grilled cheese or something. No, he didn't do that, but he [ __, ] well, I, know, there's nothing! I know he inspected this [ __ ] out of this house. He toured apartment I mean a great way so much so that I think he talked us out of it, which is good. I want someone who's willing to get you out of a place right. He's got the balls to do it so yeah. You talked me out of a place. I'm gonna want you on my next spot. Mmm-Hmm. So I think your dad got me yeah. The toddster got me so is ron jeremy, your dad I hope so, okay, yeah your parents were great I. Don't want them to get the wrong idea and they're fantastic I got a trim. I got a trim trim, they made it sound like you were gonna, come in when, like the buzz got a haircut and I did the other thing was I did break up with my girlfriend so yeah. They won't give you a hard time but yeah how you doing I'm. Okay, who broke it up. I. Did you broke it off? How come um just a lot of things that just I don't know I'm too young to be in that series of a relationship? You don't be tied down yeah and you know interesting. You got a whiff of that Submit yeah it was. It didn't have anything to do with Belle Delphine um. Well, my girlfriend watched the video and she was just she was yes you'd, be on piss, oh, so it did have something to do with Philadelphia. But you know what I can't kidding I'm genuine, okay wait. He was pissed wait hold on hold on hold on about which part yeah, which tell me everything the smelling of the spit, the really the last. It was like two hours ago where we we initially talked about it and how you brought up how I, Duggar and stuff like that. So, oh, my goodness, yeah I did this no, but that was just it was a ticking time bomb. This was bound now. Does she have jealousy problems? Yeah, oh, wait and now I feel bad cuz. You I mean work, we're girlfriend alone, yeah I know no I'm, not blaming you guys yeah but hold on no I. Just wonder if she understand, but she knows our show no, but even still I think if you're gonna get you can't get angry about a do it. You know. No, it's like it's he's, not [, __, ] him! No! No! It's for the show all right! So I'm we're all goofy yeah I'm gonna. Do anything interesting like I did anything so yeah. There were a lot of problems with that and Wow I fell back so okay, interesting well, we'll send a message out to Bell and let her know you're single. Are you good to taste this bit now? You're too young you've got your whole life Eddy single now, I, don't want to end. Send you your early grave, yeah yeah. How do you feel I'm, okay, uh? How many people have you had sex with in your life in my life yeah, while you think you so hard just have to think about it? It's counting up come on. How old are you you, like just finished high school 21? What's the real answer? What do you? What kind of math you doing your head I mean six six people, six! That's pretty! That's a lot more affected! I mean. Have you seen this guy's here? Yes, I have dude. You did a lot. You yeah yeah, how many girls you [ __ ] before her? Well, when I got out when I turned I got a nice cool because I dropped a bunch of weight so when I got on like tinder and Bumble like that, those those fair game, so you just went crazy, huh, yeah, and so were you kind of just? Are you looking forward to doing that again now that you're single I mean kinda, but I need a connection with someone? First I'm, not the type of dude that can just go and, like you know, get down. I need to make. I can't believe that you just [ __ ] like crazy on tinder. That's great I didn't have access to that bad! That's what tender! Not that I would not that anyone would want to [ __ ] me I, guess people I! Guess people want to [ __ ] who's, that I I guess so what kind of girls are you pulling on? They're like on a scale of 1 to 10 um? Well, since, since the break-up I haven't I've been before I've um all types, what do you mean ons? Oh, no! No! No! Like a scale of attractiveness, oh um, seven, eight! Seven! Strong 9s yeah nine in LA 9 mm in LA. Now it's pretty good, you know, I've been watching a lot of UK reality shows and the people that they I'm telling you the scales are way: ain't, [, __, ] different over there. I'm gonna work, work perception here in Los, Angeles, California 9, that's like a supermodel and you [, __ ] kidding me who's. A ten in your mind. In my mind, it was like a it's like a let's say: uh I, don't know, but that's a perfect specimen. That's Helen of Troy who launched a thousand ships yeah like a gosh, you're, saying she's, just one small terrible. No, no! Actually that there was this one girl and she was actually French. She was up there so and what was the lowest number you've? You went [Music], probably like a five five eggs, yeah mom I, didn't click like I said: I need a connection first before I can, of course we all need it. I'm, not I'm, not a pig I'm, not an [, __, ], no I didn't know I'm. Just some prayer I thought you were gonna say want to be on. No, no, no so I'm impressed good man we'll get out there shake your dick. You know, have some fun just use protection. Of course. No, you know, of course, cuz every time you [ __ ], a girl. Think about it like this. With this one was help. Theodore I think is the best way to convince a young man to use a condom. When you don't use a condom, you are virtually [ __ ], every dude she's ever had sex with very true. Every dude has ever put his dick inside of her. You are basically [ __ ] that guy without a condom, so I mean seriously. You got to wrap your deck up, it's so important, yeah, let alone the whole baby thing. I mean Jesus Christ! That's what plus my dad has really emphasized that too. So yeah, it's really important. Yeah, yeah, okay! Well, I! Guess that's that oh yeah II! Let you have any comments or uh anything to add I I'm, still sad that they broke up you and I. Don't know that I don't know the relationship at all. It's okay, it was yeah I appreciate that, but it it's it's. It is what it is is what it is: mm-hmm well, I'm sure she's, a sweet girl and my heart goes out to her. She was the one that was dumped I'm. So why you good I? What did you just say? No said? Yeah, sorry, I, don't know why you're getting all the sympathy you're, the one who dumped her so shut out the hair. It's obvious! You got some big strange dick now, since after the break-up, what was she on a scale of one? You know I'm, not gonna, make you do that yeah, yeah I'm, on to bigger and better things. So, oh well, come on what I don't know. I was just where I was just imagine. She was listening. No, no! No! No I I, just I'm at a different I'm in a really good place in my life, and it's just it's for it's for the best: okay, okay, good, I'm, glad you're, okay, yeah and I'm. Sure she's gonna find some huge, crazy, [, __, ], weird [, __, ] and she's just gonna, be over the moon, appreciate that yeah yeah all right, I guess: let's move it on scooter. People are wild after this I want to I want to go right into the testing Bell spit, but I want to first prove to you guys, the people. You know these people that ride scooters mobility, scooters on the street, mm-hmm they're crazy. They are crazy, mm-hmm and I'm. Gonna prove that and a thesis here today, I have documented proof. Here's one dude is doing a hula hoop fire, a girl and the who who falls the fire is having trouble all right, having some trouble with the flaming boolittle and no me on a mobility. Scooter came to the rescue that was the safe, so homie on a mobility, scooter came jamming and he just took it out. I guess an effort to put out the flame I'm, not sure why he figured that would help anyway. If anything, he would just spread the fire her. You know: [Applause] [Music] [Music] discuss so easily I've got this. I've got this yeah I, don't care what anyone says he just destroyed all right, quick yeah, it's stuck in his spokes and he's trying to back out and get out he's that guy definitely saved the day. Okay, what a hero! You know! What makes me want to watch that fireman clip that was in the Gustav. Can you pull that for me down yeah again, yeah, surprise, you pass that over actually well, it was just too short but I. Think in the context of this clip and fireworks really well, oh, wait that link didn't work. Sorry hold on one sec. Oh did you change the name of our chat to a lady nice? What are you talking about? Oh dance trial, infused about it so ela speaking of fire. This is some kind of demonstration. I guess, there's a lot of people around in cameras. There's a man in a red suit was presumably a fireman so Matt! Yes, it's a guy, I! Think, yes and there's lots of cameraman impressed so presumably he's about to do some kind of feat here with fire and Technic I would assume, and so what what pursues is especially incredible in which you'll find out as I play this, but maybe Elia. You can attempt to explain this clip to me because I have a hard time, understanding it [Laughter]. So he goes to light the the log and explodes in his face. But then Danny's got like a cup of fire. You know I just and I know. There's a dude on fire. So, like I was watching last night, I kept laughing I, think I know, there's a dude on fire. I have a feeling. It's like it goes right out. It's like boy, he just running in circles like imagine your fire like he's on fire, and he calmly takes a cup of fire any like just pours on some Oh me next I mean that's the poor fire firefighting right there from beginning to end. He just scooped it right on him by the way, I'm sure they're, both fine. Why is there so many people gathered around he's just setting some laws like it's a fire safety I just wanna say like you know how, when you have fluid it burns, the fluid off really fast, so I'm pretty sure those guys were fine. They must have been totally fine, but just the way he scoops the fire on this reporter. He just he's so packed and so brave fire. All of her looks like he was a marketing badass like accidentally. The first thing it looks like a firebender from it's true, but like this firefighter like I, can't imagine you being worse at firing, fires. First it blows up in his face he's on fire. Then he goes out of his way to light as many people on the fire as possible, and he just burp. Annex Oh mate is so funny, I'm, never like being on fire, never been so fun. That's that's a fire training, video right there, good good! So there you have it fired safety, 101 folks, I, think that was a fire safety video. What did he have like something so flammable and liquid, in his hand, was like a cup of fire I'm assuming it's whatever he he put on the stack of law, guys he put like a ton of fluid. Oh that guy did his job [Music]. Anyway, it's back to the scooter, my thesis about scooter, people being crazy. Here's one right here! You tell me what you think of this dude I'm, telling you like this lady. First of all, she had plenty of time to react. The doors open and she still came slamming out and I bet you anything this lady in the scooters pissed at her. You know what I mean they're out doing their own thing. It's for some reason like crazy scooter, people, just not they go fast yeah and they don't care like the whole world's got to look out for you. Therefore, these scooter people they go so fast dude and they just don't care and it's everyone's fault is in their way. They're super defensive too. Like excuse me, sir, like you're in a big-ass scooter going through a tight aisle, and it's like excuse me, sir excuse me and I mean this- is proof right here, I can't anything. She was angry at this girl. What are you doing? Watch where you're going? You know, I can't hear how much time did she have direct that? How fast was she like assuming she did react? How fast have to be going right and it's just like a pedestrian sidewalk like she's, really boning out yeah, so my in conclusion, scooter people are crazy right, that's right, I'm sure plenty of people that use them are people, but no, but what I was gonna say is is I personally, okay you're supporting my thesis? Yes, because I don't want to hear any logic or rationale: I'm trying not to paint too broad, there's no there's! No! A coalition of scooter people, they're gonna, come out there in a neighborhood I used to live in. There were two women, two very heavyset women that would roll around the neighborhood all the time. Just in the middle of the street. It was two of them side by side and yeah. They would they would like scream at cars for going too fast by them and stuff. It's like what are you funny doing. You're like that reminds me. There was there's a scooter later. Who does that and films herself yelling at cars? Then they saw yes yeah she's she's sort of infamous not just cars, pedestrians, everybody I'm wonder if this is her we're. So far from our ending point isn't of this episode. Just gonna do pal spin. We they all business. We started doing two episodes of the week and all of a sudden, I I have I. Don't have enough time to talk about everything. The the content gods are they're tricky they like to [ __ ] with us, because when we were there was there's been drought periods where it's it's difficult to find funny goose, but lately we're doing two episodes a week and we can't even get to everything. I have so much [ __ ] left I want to talk about I, guess we'll just have to wait till Tuesday and hope that nothing happens between now and then I really like that. Alright. Well on to our final story. Here, as many of you know, we have an ongoing saga with Belle Delphine, the infamous anime cat girl still banned from Instagram. That seems like it's permanent really hasn't come back yet alright Wow, you know, and I saw only on Twitter. She posted a really cryptic like she just posted numbers. An image of a number and I have no idea what it was a countdown. She was like -. What well I think it seemed to stop at the time that she got banned. So maybe she she stopped what happened after she was banned. I thought really yeah I'm gonna go check right now, but at any rate she had sent us a care package in a video. You guys may recall of her drooling and spitting and licking a jar of spit that she sent to us and we had noticed when we opened the smell it that it smelled. Strangely of alcohol like very, very strongly about Mahal, and we had theorized well I, wonder if it fermented, but that didn't really make sense, because you need sugar in the fermenting process. There's a lot of things that have to take place for alcohol to be fermented because alcohol is a byproduct of bacteria eating sugar of some type. Oh, that's why you get alcohol from grapes or potato or green bacteria feeds on the sugar and the byproduct. Is alcohol? Oh dan says the countdown stop the day she got banned. Oh man, that must have really hit her heart. Huh I mean it's probably. What does this mean? She knew she was gonna, get bent, I, don't know it's at five, four, three and the day the three was posted was the day she got banned and then it just stopped after that she seems to just completely withdrawn from you know what happened? She flew way too close to the Sun man. She, like all the sudden everyone was talking about her on the [ __ ] I mean on the news. Yeah I mean Howard. Stern I was talking about her. She flew too close to the damn Sun and her pasties melted right off and then su-kam was an that wasn't down, but was she posting like pornographic I mean well borderline more I mean her nipples were covered by them and she skirted as close to the other line as possible. You know, but her accountant was up for a long time. As far as I'm aware was verified, -, hmm a lot of followers. It's no coincidence. She got banned right after all the media attention. No, she definitely just got too popular too fast, but her patrons up and her meanie of her means of supporting herself as her patreon, which is still up and yeah and as far as I could tell gained a lot of new supporters since all the new coverage I'm sure. So anyway, she sent us spit and well I got this interesting email in our podcast. A trace reproductions fan mail account, I'm, gonna, read the email to you and then, when I'm done reading this email I'm going to apply this alcohol testing kit to her spit and I want to see. If we can't learn some new digs. Okay from Laura, she says totally bizarre subject, but I had the right and with some facts was after hearing you guys state the Belle Delphine spit spelled smelled strongly of alcohol and comments that it was likely fermenting spit does contain an M site called analyze that can breakdown, unfermented, carbohydrates into sugars and there's an ancient method of making alcohol that involves spitting, but our mouths do not contain yeast if they did say in the case of an oral yeast infection, the candidate, the can the candida albicans not anywhere near the amount of yeast needed to kick-start any type of fermentation on its own. The booths above is made by boiling corn or rice chewing. It spitting it out and continuing the recipe or have the sugars needed to begin the fermented fermentation process. Sugar is a crucial step in fermentation. If you look at the videos Claire, she was. She has something aiding her while she spits some parts are just too watery to be spit. It was a thought when we were watching like how there was a low. Maybe I should show the video as I discuss it. Now [ __ ]. It I'm just gonna get into it. It's got time for this [ __ ] yeah there was a lot of spit and I was impressed. She was like God. I must have taken a long time to produce that many much spit you look at videos just clearly something aiding or spit. Some parts are, we should show it I mean you know, let's show it it's on your computer yeah! It's on my computer. It's on the desktop! Now this one was safe for consumption. Right I mean we didn't get in trouble for the yeah. It seemed to be fine. So here it is again. I'll read this email, as this goes and Zack feel free to be it off. Now that you're, single 10-4, so I mean that's real spit, that's definitely spit, but then all the sudden there's like a ton of it in the glass like. If you look at the glass there's a cut and then the volume increases a lot so yeah right there right there right there, that's a lot more yeah so right there I'll pause it right. There yeah, like suddenly at this point, really analyzing this but I, think I need some time. Yeah dude people would pay just for this frame, but I think at this point right here, like that's all spit and then here there's a ton of opponent, yep, so I think she just poured something: pour something or or headless liquid in her mouth and submitted in to increase the volume. Some parts are just too watery and anyone who does have a DNA test knows it takes a long time to fill up a tiny vial of your mouth I've zeroed out that, if you receive primarily, was not spit if you're smelling alcohol, that's because there's actual alcohol in there zero chances due to firm unless she added a pack of Fishman's yeast in there Fleischmann sorry, Dan apologies did Dan apologize to mr. Fleishman apology, I'm, not apologizing, Fleischmann he's fine. He doesn't need to apology simple way to knows. If you go on Amazon and buy some cheap tests, there are little strips that look like cheap pregnancy tests that you can swirl in the liquid will come back positive or negative. I personally think she would send you anything that actually came from her body because of the fact that she or her manager would be concerned that somebody would just do that. A drug test STD test 23andme tests on it. You could find out an unbelievable amount of info about a person just from their spit and if they had any common sense, they would send a substitute in college. I did work for a lab in Boston that did an array of genetic testing and spit still looks like spit when received even months later interesting, especially if it was an airtight jar similar to what Bell sent you I bet my right arm. This was a bait and switch and that you were sent a solution of whatever she had around her house and she thought she could pass it as spit likely alcohol mixed with something else, love the show and congrats on the baby. So this person, first of all, I'm [, __ ], outraged if this is true, I want a new dog spit. Well, what I could what I can tell is that looks like it looks like it's partially spit and then some other alcohol, so let's grab a chunk in there and oh there's chunks in there dude that is [ __ ], there's literally [ __ ] growing in here now. There's air bubbles, air bubble smell well I'm, having a close hold on that this is gross so from what I can tell there is spit, and this is interesting, because what this test is is a saliva screening test for detection of blood alcohol. So this is for like seeing if a person is drunk or not and it and the way that it measures it doesn't like if you put it in a just a pure alcohol or beer. Something it'll be so dark that it because here it measures like point: zero. Two point: zero. Four point: zero eight point: three percent alcohol, which is very little so if you just took a glass of water and put like a drop of alcohol in it, that's what this measures anything more than that it would just go dark. So if it shows up on this, it means that it is such a small percent of alcohol that it's likely from the result of her drinking it and not just pouring it in mm-hmm. You know what I mean, so you put it in there for five seconds then remove this is so gross. And then you wait two minutes to compare. Color yeah I got a timer ready back here. Oh so here we go. So how long do I swish it for five seconds? You don't swish it you just put it and just dab it. Oh god, this is so gross I feel like I'm gonna get a new like a undiscovered STD. Okay, like we're breeding, a new SCD in there, a lot of air came out yo. Was it hissing, yeah, hiss, so five seconds? Okay, take it out yeah. That should be good! Oh no. My finger touched the liquid, so it's already turning green. I'm I'd started the timer. Actually, oh, it's vinegary! Now yeah, it's got a vinegary smell. Now it's got it's gotten a little sour, oh wow! It's coming at really dark! So now you compare it to the colors yeah, so we're gonna. Let that sit yeah, there's definitely alcohol in it. The question is: how dark is it cuz, basically, that'll mean. Does she actually? Was she drinking at the time and spitting it in, or did she just pour alcohol in here for some reason, yeah? If it gets like completely solid, green I would say she just poured it in which kind of makes sense. If you want to just make sure we can't do anything wherever there's spit like sent like analyze it, but I owe to like sterilize it. That's an interesting ya theory, but the thing is I can tell you right now. Looking at this strip, it's not sterile smells like that. We are doing this far. This is for science, Laura Oh for Laura right well, I thought that email was so great and I just figured so I can already tell you that this color is coming in not at the darkest level. That would indicate that it was just poured in as alcohol. That's what this is. What is this is indicating to me is a blood-alcohol level of about 0.8, which means she was definitely drinking alcohol and I think that what she gave us. What I think this indicates is that it was spit and she was just drinking alcohol at the time I mean I, find it very unlikely that she would have just combined water with you know: 0.8% alcohol, that's not that's not likely right! I mean that's impossible. We're still waiting for two minutes right. We just hit it yeah, whatever it's at now, is definitely not the darkest color. It's basically a notch above the darkest. No, it's there, it's right there. No it's yeah that one! So here we have it, and this is scientific here right from the yeah. What do you guys think put it next to the one I think it's yeah point away, so that's way too specific of a gauge. So what do we end in? My is my analysis. Correct. Do you think so shoot you think she was drunk? How old is she I? Think she's at she's yeah also in UK they just like Israel right beer, it like six and you can know which I think she's over 21 yeah, even though she looks 12 yeah. So is she drinking to help um get it going, but his point home 0.08 is the legal limit to drive here in the United States uh I think it's two for an average-size I would be drunk she's having a good time she's a young girl and she's having fun I. Guess why not I mean too liquidy I, don't know I'm confused, but it's possible. You know she was probably mixing her saliva with liquid in her mouth to produce more gross so Zack. How are you feeling at this current moment, I'm a little disappointed to tell you the truth? Well, there's definitely spit in there. Now don't worry yeah, so yeah Wow yeah we get it I, don't know what we prove more confusing yeah. So many more questions it's getting darker, but we've moved by it. Mister yeah, we mr. time, I think if you predicted an actual alcohol which we can test. Damn bring me in a shot of alcohol, all right, pure alcohol and let's do a test and see because I have a feeling. That's just gonna go immediately green dark, like I, don't know. What's the point of this, even we're just trying to basically well I I anticipated, being trolled right and I. Didn't want to be bait and switched. I did not want to be bamboozled by her mm-hmm and so I feel like we're getting to the bottom of this. This is important. So what do we have here? Dan, Barker Craig is good. So now we have pure alcohol, not pure alcohol, but you know vodka I'm, gonna tip this in and we're gonna see I think it's c'mon do three or all right yeah. Let's see what let's see if this. Well, it's going green, quick, that's for sure, but if it ends up the same as hers, then that'll be really confusing. That'll be yeah. No, it's going dark! Yeah! That's that's! Gonna! Because it's you can see! Oh yeah, that's the dark! That's that's yeah and that's going to Subaru. Yes, hers didn't do but again see this one's been right. I've been getting but I mean that's, it does say the only way. Two minutes it might just continue to dark yet does, but it definitely don't look like that right, right, right right here, so this one you can see even after just like a minute the difference. That's that's pure alcohol yep. Can you see it Dan yeah? Well, you you guys trust me so so I think that proves that we weren't bamboozled in some way. Seemingly that would prove there's some spit in there some percentage. So thank you. So then we will so we're. Gonna continue the saga we should get. The 23 meet report back, I'm, not awake now, I'm kidding I would never do that. It's funny, and this and this email Laura says her or her manager would never send spit I. Don't think I would have thought of that. Had I been in her position. Do you think they would have considered that I'm not sure they would have I. Don't know I feel maybe not at first, but then you, it start something away. It should I not do more than me, meaning she probably has mailed spit before. Oh and then it had probably occurred to her that way, we're not I thought we were special with. He is like the first time, so we have many more tests here. How do we use this well next time we're drinking in here I think we should administer ourselves to see how drunk we are. It's gonna do cuz it's for saliva, you put it in your mouth and then tells you how drunk you are. Hmm I guess, but look at this [ __ ] is like black. It's literally after two minutes. Oh my god show you yeah. That's like you're dead. If that's your spit you're [ __ ] dead, oh you're dead, one for black, they just says you're dead. And finally, you know I want to talk about this at two hours, while having too much fun [Music] did you guys watch the molar testimony not all seven hours of it, but yeah I watched a decent amount of it. You call yourself a patriot, I feel I'm gonna tell you, I feel bad for this guy molar really I do because everybody hates him. It feels like now, everybody hates him. Oh I see I mean right both sides there, the Republicans are accusing them of taking part in a conspiracy, and now the Democrats, like I, saw a tweet by Michael Moore. Here, actually I mean. Can you pull that up? Michael Moore tweeted about okay and like tossed just [, __ ], Michael, Moore, [, __ ], all over molar, and then all these conservative media started running the story about how even liberals are now throwing Muller, molar bus and I'm, like it just seems to me, like this. Guy is just a straight shooter who's trying to do his job at a time when everyone's acting crazy, crazy, it seems, like everybody, just wants people to just do their job and be law of the country I'm assuming you're talking about this one I just liked it. He let's have a look yeah. This is it. He says, like more darling of the left, a frail old man unable to remember things, stumbling refusing to answer basic questions. I said it in 2017 and Muller confirmed it today, all you pundits and moderates and lame Dems, who told the public to put their faith and the esteemed robber molar just shut the [ __ ] up from now on and it finally not the people who are retweeting this and and reporting this are, or a conservative media, of course, cuz. It's Michael Moore who's. You know liberal bogeyman for decades at this point to them, but I think the point that I'm trying to make is that everybody hates this guy now who's just trying to do his job I feel like he's a straight shooter he's stickler and everybody keeps telling everyone else just do your job and be professional and he's the only one that's actually doing his [ __ ] job and everyone hates him, for it am I wrong about that. Well, is it right to say that everybody hates them for it I mean Michael Moore's further left than the average Democrat? Well, the guy is getting an unbelievable amount of [ __ ] from everybody. It seems like right, but he's really just doing his job, so I just feel bad for him. I don't know. If that's it, that's not really interesting tech. Is it I, don't know, I hate everything about everything regarding politics right, it's hard to get into a head at all. It's all just hysteria right now, I feel like the whole. Everyone hyped it so much. The mauler part the mauler yeah. Well, I, I, guess I. Why are you hyping it so much when right? What is gonna happen? Well, I. Guess: that's Michael's point that he's speaking to his fellow the leftists who like if he watched the late-night show for the past few years. Everything's like Moeller is gonna. You know like they's coming for you, yeah yeah, really it's mother time, yeah yeah, those memes are cringy is [ __ ], but it's funny. When you do see him, he really is just he's a he's he's just a dude [ __ ] doing his job, yeah I, know I, don't know, and furthermore I mean he did exactly what he stated he was gonna do, which is just refer. People say that the report that he made it speaks for itself and just refer people to it, and he basically just did that for seven hours straight. So you know a lot of people were waiting for him to make an epic speech and totally own Donald Trump into and into the jail. So, but that wasn't gonna happen. I think some people hoped that he would have more balls, I guess to to do something more more I, don't know they've watched too much West Wing, yeah I! Guess that's not really. The real world yeah, but he's like I, have to say that what I saw is 10 is equal to treason, Trump needs to be a peach and he be prynt like if people were expecting some movie theater under here or like bend their rules because you're on the more he's gonna fall on a sword. Even though he's like a lifetime politician. Apparently this is like his 50, some think, the time in front of Congress like he has done this so many times. He is a lifetime he's like a war, veteran Purple, Heart recipient. He served in the FBI for the majority of his life. The guy is a patriot. He has worked hard and long and service of this country and I do feel like he's getting [ __ ] on by everyone and I feel like it just sucks that, at the end of his like long and illustrious career of servitude and interest of this country, that you've got the President on one hand and all this acolytes saying that he's a conspiracy there is he's an angry Democrat. Even though he's been a lifetime Republican and then you've got people like Michael Moore, calling him a Fripp like frail old man, unable to remember things, stumbling refusing it's like dude. What the [ __ ] I saw. Bill Maher on one of his episodes talked about how he was disappointed with him and yeah. He was saying how people make change sometimes have to not follow the rules. Basically, well [ __ ], you, you know it's not your life were expecting him, maybe to not follow the rules, because when they built up this whole image of it I mean they [ __ ] SNL had Robert De Niro playing him. You know what I mean like they built up this big expectation that he's this badass hotshot prosecutor or whatever wait. This is a job he's not who he really is made a good job investigating he lot. [ __ ] arrested the hell out of a lot of people. That is true. He uncovered a lot of corruption. You know, but ultimately this is a man who has spent his life serving the country and I feel like everybody's, just [, __ ] on him, cuz I, don't know you know it's like you're a public servant and then you get charged with this task. He didn't ask for it. He got charged with the and then you're in the middle of a [, __ ] hurricane I'm team, Moeller, it's Muller times it sound. So awful I just want him to live a nice peaceful life. Now I want to spend some time with his family. You know, am I wrong, am I so wrong to have empathy for him. I feel bad I, don't know enough about his job or what he could have done, that he didn't do. Hmm I, don't know enough and that's why I hate politics cuz, no one knows anything. It kind of feels like nobody know, I, don't know. What's going on behind those doors and what kind of meetings that people are having I mean feels like even Trump doesn't know. He like goes on Twitter and starts raving like a lunatic, and it's like even even the president I feel like doesn't know. What's going on, anything's venues are just chasing ratings yeah and then all the news just me or just yet they don't find out that I'm into the fake news. I hate that argument too. But but it's true, you really nobody knows anything anymore. So I've always hated politics, because what what I'm gonna start arguing with you, based on some information that someone else gave me that I don't even know you know when, like I catch myself doing this, this is a human emotion and it's you feel like the biggest idiot ever, but when you hear something a fact or a story or whatever that somebody else said somewhere else, and then you remember that and you Reese say it yeah, as fact and then as you're saying it, you realize you're you're reporting something as fact, then you remember her I just heard this guy saying yeah that guy doesn't know [ __ ], you know. Well, you reported, as fact, that's politics in a nutshell. I feel like that's. Everybody in politics is doing that, except for, like maybe know everybody. Sorry right am I right. Dan I mean I, would I would take exception to some individuals but I think on the whole, when anyone that aren't just spitting out the line like the boys know that are fair on the boots on the ground. Regular people aren't actually everybody. Yeah I mean yes, I. Think about any Sanders and knows what he's talking about. Bernie is a four he. He definitely has a first-hand account he's an original Bernie's, an original love him or hate him he's an original, and now all the Dems are just pile of him, I'm, not afraid to say that I love him yeah he's an original right, Dan, Original Gangster! Is that what you're saying yeah no III agree with that and then round now huh the strip is like brown Jesus. Oh, that's the vodka one, yes yeah, okay, the Bell one actually weirdly. It looks like it's turning into like bright red, and it's crawling that normal, hmm yeah, not sure about that. I hope that was okay, too I feel bad that her Instagram was was uh. Have you not heard from her since no two interaction where she sent the Nowak j-- huh? Well, they're, not like in contact, know she yeah there's only been two DMS, yes from address yeah and she asked me if I got it right. Okay, that was it huh, and then she asked me for a picture of my dick and obviously that's mine, [Laughter] I, guess yeah I mean I. Guess she just fully just decided to take a break from being online because of all the [ __ ] she had laid on patreon. Let's see patreon, oh, don't think not gonna be I'm, not sure I just want to see if there's new posts Wow her patrons run up a lot I think she had like 3,600 and now she's at 4449. That's people yeah yeah! Well, let me let me crunch some numbers here: cuz she's got a one dog here that gets you. Nothing he's got a $5 tier that pretty much gets you. Nothing and she's got a $25 tier. Well, the one tier that really matters here, I think, is the snapchat right. Zach comment: how much do you pay for that? One $50? What is that 50 [ __ ] dollars to get nurse Yap shot per month hitting me? What does that give you so the snapchat isn't when is her? Basically her nudes huh bath shower time, panty shots cosplay photos very not-safe-for-work. Pics and naughty videos, so I feel like that's really the tears before that is just like pictures and [ __ ]. That's on the Internet's, a conservative or fair estimate that, like half of her subscribers at least yeah I, don't see the. What are you doing in fact, I think because Dan, because she probably does have a couple of lunatics that do the king and God support right, which is twenty five hundred I, think we can safely assume her average is 50 per user. Hmm I do think that I mean if that's the case, I mean she's, making almost a quarter of a million dollars a month off of really I believe that I would I would make a more conservative estimate, but she's I would say she's, definitely making at least 100k a month off the patriot, let's say: 30 but again Dan. You know, there's like a couple of dudes who are paying her $1,200 a month, yeah that swings it hard yeah and I I. Just don't see the point. Let's say 30, you know if its third that still gives her 130 grand yeah it's a good living, so she's killing it she's good life. Man, let's see her posts. It doesn't show me that, oh you, ain't had a good point that patreon does take a cut. I, don't think it's that much so yeah her last post was July 10th whoa. She is definitely she's gone she's out Wow. What don't oh wait? Did you go to the post yeah? Oh you're, right, July, 10th, huh I mean how long has she been doing this she's? Finally, in the bank, it's like mm-hmm just going a long vacation Zach. Is she active on our snapchat too soon Zach, you just broke up yeah you're not allowed, or is this chilly or well, if you're in a relationship, are you allowed to have a subscription to her snapchat or is that weird, no? No yeah I was just asking for Zach. It's perfect. You didn't know that. Well, I, don't know it's looking at porn cheating, nobody you're, just looking at free porn versus paying a specific person does a little different because you're like infatuated with yeah, so king browsers, like $10 a month, is different. I wish it was $10 a month. I, don't know how I would feel about it. Even if you paid that one, it's a little too, because there is so much free right, porn wells that pays for porn. He thinks oh, no, no, not an old on I! Don't pay for porn anymore, because the baldies higher Zac said yeah. Well, if you have the membership, while you were in relationship no was in high school yeah I got my parents, credit card, yeah, yeah, interesting, okay, I've, never paid for porn, as you well know, I do know, because we have a joint bank that [ __ ] yeah I, don't actually check, but no I mean yeah not like. We keep secret. No, but but I didn't know that you would consider such a thing you did at Elodie. Well, how would you feel if I, I wouldn't feel good about it, but I think I thought guys got more leeway because they're just [ __ ] creeps by nature. They are crabs, but that's another layer and something else to peel back well, it's like you're specific. What bra I didn't want. The girl or I do think pink for porn is already kind of hard to. It makes you an official [ __ ] wears like you can be an unofficial grip when you're watching free porn right so a mind, maybe I'm wrong, but that's not lame, because if you're paying I get okay. No, unless you do the couple made a decision together to get the membership because they watch it together. Yeah no, but I, see your point, but I think you have to make an exception for browsers because they just make high quality stuff versus subscribing to it. Why are you know I, don't I'm defending the dudes out there, I, don't I, don't pay for porn. You know that mm-hmm, but I. Don't think that subscribing to browsers for a little higher quality and stuff that by the way, is female friendly? So that's why I'm not talking about blacks com? You can't pay for black comic difference. Does it make those on this laptop, like canceling, all these yeah I'm, drawing out the show so I think but I agree that that subscribing to a specific person? That's definitely another level for sure it's we're. It is stranger. It would be unacceptable. Stranger things, unacceptable, I, don't pay for cars I'm, not considering it I'm, just I'm, exploring this territory. Well, if any dude out there is wondering if you want any advice for me, keep it better or not. No I, don't know his secrets, you don't do it. It's weird. You can't keep secrets. Just watch free porn people all find out. There's plenty of free porn. -. Just don't be so weird. Just keep your [ __ ], together man or right weight and everything like the both of you know about it. That's the way to do it. If you want to do it, I'm, like honey I, have something I need to tell you. I have I am thinking about getting a browser subscription I'm, not getting the Platinum which just the gold I'm getting the gold, which, I think is the best value and I'd like your blessings. We've been married for 12 years and I'd, like your blessings on this browsers, yes subscription. That is how you do it and if she says no, you don't get it well. There you go. That makes sense consent either I'd like to tell you indication like I'd, like money, I'm, getting a bail Delphine subscription. Don't worry it's not the gods here, but it's a little. It's so much money. Can you share it? You [ __, ] kidding me. You got a share cost. You think you think there's a group of dudes that, like we ship in on it like pay-per-view- oh, my god, they chip in like pay-per-view event, man. If she bounced some of those horny [ __ ], paying that's so much money. She can't she kind of got to keep it up for them. I wonder for snapchat! You can't do that. Probably right do what just bounce on that. Why not I guess they can leave? If they want, but she doesn't yeah I, don't think she's obligated to do it. Yeah by patreon yeah, it's gonna get me [ __ ]. They discharged those cards every month. Alright, that's it. I mean what a wuss I'm exhausted. I throat hurts I'm, not sleeping I'm, so [ __, ], tired I, want to sleep a lot when I get home drink a soda pop I got nothing to watch, that's bumming me out, I tried Big Brother and it sucks Oh. We tried like a random episode. Yeah I couldn't find out how to watch it from the beginning in I had a heart. Where do you watch big brother? Or do you just catch it? When it's on? We DVR, we watch it. Okay, so I know what it's like at the rate that we pay his ass young people, I mean we've never had cable. We only got it a year ago and I regret the minute we got it. We watch a lot of stuff in our apartment. That's cool, well, I actually tried DVR on it, but I'm late to the game, but I was hoping that have it on fodder. You Hulu or something but I just couldn't find it. So we tried watching the new app and there's like some heck hillbilly that didn't get voted off and then he got he's getting revenge on people, but what's really complicated, it was too complicated, but then, like the set was felt like some. Why does this set feel like camp Anna wanna? That's that's the theme of this season. It's like summer camp, that's if you're so claustrophobic in the house and there's like a detail. Oh it's Jail! Well, it's basically boys I can't leave. How long are they in? Therefore they can't leave. They can't talk to their loved ones, they're not allowed to call them. They get yard and some of the members get punished and they're not allowed to eat. I saw one of the the punishment for that episode was no. She only cold showers and you had to eat gruel for a week yeah. It is Jail, cold showers and girl for a week at least addicting, but once you get all the ins and outs of all, you got it yeah. You got a no. Let's go holy [ __ ]. The show started in the year 2000 and it's on its 21st season. I know I was like. Did they have a channel here for Big Brother? They have it in Israel. You can watch it 24/7. You just watch what's happening in the house. Oh that's! That's premium! That's like premium say: that's! That's Belle, Delphine high level, browsers gold, [, __, ], I! Think, oh really, it is available yeah. So you have that you have membership to that yeah. What you're just watching the live show is that infidelity, that's [, __, ], no, okay, so so CBS all access is fine, but for some reason Belle Delphine, $100.00, snapchat tier, isn't exact double-stranded consistent at least what do you twitch staff? They should hire me yeah. You could I wouldn't take the job, though you claim them. Haha idiots you clean them up: good I'm! So tired, Theodore, okay, he's a tough kid man, but this is the weekend had a lot of fun this week on the podcast hope you guys didn't think we need next time. We need to do some baby updates. Oh yeah, let's do baby updates. We got pictures, he's gained a lot of weight, he's messy, but he's cute he's starting to smile, we'll get back we'll do some baby updates on Tuesday. Yes, the music plan not yet, but I mean you guys, I hold off because usually he talks so long that the song ends late he'll go ahead. Oh that's! Going on the show. You know we'll update you guys that it's hard, that's it it's hard being a mother and in the first months are tough I was so afraid of labor like I, was so focused on labor. How top I already forgot about that was nothing! No sleep. There's nothing like a baby that won't stop crying. There's nothing stressful, like that, and it's not having to take care of them non-stop, is really you have to get used to that. It's like every three three hours or less he's got to eat. Well, you basically live your life in like one hour increments, when he's sleeping and you're like okay I have one hour to just sit here, right, ela mm-hmm, but he's amazing and he started to smile yeah. That's when he smiles it's like, but I feel like I feel like people don't want to complain about it, maybe cuz, then it's like you're gonna, look weird, but I. Think I do want to say that it's very hard yeah complain it it's hard well about to lose. You Ethan! Well, we'll talk more about it. On Tuesday won't bring baby updates, will bring videos and pictures and stuff, but yeah. It's tough, yeah and I. Think you're right, there's a weird thing about I already feel bad. That I even said it. Why cuz I bet you're gonna get judged like you're, a bad parent? Why? Because it's hard yeah I, don't know it's not easy play it. Tech like the not easy but Zack you are [ __ ] fired. You are so [ __ ] fired he's already out the door, songs ending! Well, let's talk about on Tuesday, don't feel bad, but I think that's important to think about too, because there is stigma like parents aren't allowed to complain and like they're, expected to there's a lot of expectations and it's tough. It's tough and you feel bad as a parent when you're not perfect and they're crying and you don't know how to help them and you feel like a failure as a parent and it's very hard because I don't know what I don't mean, it's just it's hard and it's our first child and you don't know what to do is just it's very difficult in confusing time and we're stressed there's a lot of pressure. There's a little very little sleep, so yeah your regular and you shouldn't feel bad you're. Just talking to you can your truth and the world strip - you already [ __ ] up Zack! You can't make up for it now. This is what I do when I'm super exhausted. Think we've seen that up in a few times, yeah yeah all right, who's, gonna end! This we'll see you next Tuesday guys, thanks for watching bye, bye, [Music], [Music].