Welcome back everybody, the season 2 episode, 101 of the h3 we are joined here by my lovely and beautifully pregnant wife and co-host buick liners stand up and shout it from the rooftop show it off show it off huh, more than half way more than half way, yeah shit's getting real and, of course, we are joined by the Alicia's bodacious Vsauce. One of my favorite people here on the show, a wonderful dude, beautiful beard as well. It's getting big. Do you use beard, oils I need to start it's getting a bit dry. Now, after a shower, it's just really hard to eat right yeah. Do you ever catch some crumbs or flavors in your mouth, and does that disgust you or intrigue you when, though I love it, but if others are around it's embarrassing to do today is Jake ropers birthday, oh hey, and we had a big cake covered in frosting and I could not eat it. Without the tips of my mustache and covered in frosting little flavor savors. Stick them right in your mouth! Mm-Hmm now. Do you ever have a piece of chicken? That's perhaps been in your beard for too long and you're like well. I did enjoy that I wonder about this. You know. What's the word help me out: Michael you're, smart guy, I, don't know what you're getting at except it's rotting is the chicken rotting in your beard and you eat it. Oh, no! No! No! It's just kind of getting more flavor! Oh it's airing out! If it's getting the sort of beard and the skin cell and all that kind of mess fermenting, yeah I don't eat a lot of chicken, though to be totally honest, I'm, more saving crumbs and liquid residues right, okay, well, those are safe and those will not spoil as far as I'm aware so observe the beard so I want. Also, first of all thank you to our sponsors, ring honey and me aunties and I want to say Michael thanks for coming on here to promote your show season. 3 of mine feel the season 3, and that is super exciting. Perhaps the longest-running YouTube red show of all time and I want to say the most successful and I don't care about stats or anything too combat that because I think and believe that's true. No one knows the stats yeah like Netflix, you know YouTube premium, they kind of keep it secret 'iv, but so all I have to go off is like people's reaction. Well, you heard it here. It's the most popular show by phone I'm gonna quote you on that by far yeah yeah by far so well, first, before we get into that because there's a lot I want to ask you about the new season, but before we get into that, I want to ask you Michael, because you're a man of science. Maybe you can explain to me what the hell is. This look on the screen: yeah, the Raiders owner Mark, Davis, Deadpool and John Denver, so that I get it I see it. So this is Mark Davis he's the owner of the Raiders yeah. All team he's worth a court he's worth half a billion dollars yeah, and this is his haircut. He looks like Tweedledee from Alice in Wonderland I find it pretty cool. You are if you're worth that much money. Mm-Hmm look at the confidence you can have right. You know, Marc Davis is not thinking. Oops he's thinking. This isn't a mistake. This is the new trend right, Martin's gonna start doing this Elon Musk. Well, so that's so great I, like your analysis, okay, my computers, but here he is without that and I think it looks like half birthday. That's is that the same person I believe so Marc Davis looks the same. Marc Davis is also a pitcher wait, but it looks like the same. Dude I mean that's the same deal look at his face right. The fact is, I think the noses in his pointy- hmm Dan, confirmed this, but regardless this is factual. This is his girl right. So he's really that looks so similar, there's, probably just a lot of Marc Davis's, but you think that there would be at least a little variance in the way they look well he's committed. He would never cut this beauty. Apparently he drives 400 miles from the North Bay to Palm Springs. To get this haircut, no kid he's just he has a barber, he loves it and he drives there every time he needs a haircut and he rocks it every time and look at that's awesome, cuz! Look! If he had yeah a normal haircut. We would not be talking about him right now, absolutely not and as we all know, he is going after the fame he's a clout he's chasing that clout with this haircut but anyway, so I thought that would be an interesting start. Mark Davis shout out to you and your wonderful I wonder if I could do a bowl cut on my beard like an upside down bowl cut, put a bowl around the beard and cut everything. That's sticking out and just have a bowl shaped. You would need it somehow to defy gravity because yeah it go, I have a like layup, but that would be fantastic. I would do it. What could you if you ever do a video about gravity on Vsauce that could potentially be interesting? It could be I wish. My hair was longer and more flowing. Mmm I mean touch my beard. If you want its Bungie, it's a dick yeah. Where are you going with that? Is there a goal, my goal, my goal is to I want to look like shel silverstein. It turns out. He never had a beard. That was quite this big really for real um I. Remember him as a bearded, - gentleman I know, but it wasn't like this. I mean that's just beautiful. That's formidable as it gets look come on guys, it's a great look. You know and I loved his work as a kid and I still do now. Now. Here's the other thing I want to do. I'm gonna go full moustache and goatee. So you guys kind of look like I'm gonna cut everything here. Back I have some big sideburns and there's a huge goatee buy a bike. I, don't know if I approve exactly I'm pulling the Mark Davis you're going people Mark David do something. Everyone goes why and then, like the other half the population goes I guess I have to look like that tune. What would be the most extreme thing? You could do with your facial hair now because I see with like a with like a soul, patch yeah and a mustache. Only, but that's not enough, I think your idea is much more extreme yeah. My identity is free, while yeah with, because that's not an end right now, either no yeah. That is how you set trends. You do things that are terrible first. What does your wife think about that? Oh she hates it yeah, but I keep telling her look everyone who hates it will just go. Oh, it must be a joke, but those who, like it will be like I like it right. So it's a win-win yeah. Nobody, judges, you and I'll, never mention it all. Just all of a sudden. You mentioned it, you already meant uh, and this is life. Isn't it the cat all right, so there's gonna be a an inner circle of people who understand what I'm doing, but everyone else would be like. Does he know what he looks like I'll, just never mention it. Yeah I got a beard and they're like no. No, but you you, you have a goatee and you're like a mustache and I'll, be like yeah. You know. What's fast, I've always looked like this when I was young, goatee was in, people were all walking around with goatees, and it was just like normal go. Tease, I'm, like remember, Starbucks, was really new and like sushi was this new thing in the Midwest that was around the same time like men with ponytails and goatee. Yes, I think that was like so certain like character, the goat that someone who rocks a goatee is someone who, like he's a drinker, he's a partier he's a little bit of a heck I want to say until now he's now hoping that all the way I look side down, everyone goes, oh I thought you were smart. I thought you were curious, but yet you have no goatees well, the goatee becomes the smart man's beard. Maybe I should grow a goatee, no yeah yeah come on this. We're talking about Ethan's career I've, tried I've, tried so many times to do something interesting with my facial hair. When I grow it out by the way, I cannot grow to that length because all I end up with is pubes I have pubes on my. Is it kind of it's an oily and it's pubie? Do you shower it snow? Is that part of the problem that is part of the problem any years to figure that out? Why am I so oil? Why do I smell? Why is this chicken fermenting in my beard right? Oh yeah, yeah, I notice, you have a piece of corn in your pocket. Is that part of the hygiene? This is all part of it yeah it keeps the bad spirits away right. Know you provided this. Yes, we did. It is raw corn. It is and guys we discovered raw corn is good. You discovered I already knew this rock horn I was we were posing for a picture because Michael has a raw corn. Memes actually have a I have here some photos that I can show you. It's usually cooked corn in my pictures, but what we have no way to know that, but this was so sweet and creamy. It absolutely blew my mind. I've never had rock corn before I'm, not gonna, bite into it, because I know you guys hate to here. Meet you. You guys can munch away, but I specifically have a problem. I'm allowed I'll limit my munching, but Michael. What is with the corn gags? Is that a what's? What that? What tell me about the genesis of the corn gags and while you're explaining yourself, because you owe us an explanation flying yourself, nothing is more funny than joke explained. Is that you saying you don't want to explain it because I will accept that I feel like it'll ruin the magic you know so much of it is wait. Is there a deeper meaning here, all right? Here's a collage at the tongue, but there's this and so so much more corn magic, I loved this picture in the upper left. That's that's! Yeah. We shot in my hometown on the on the football field, we built a neural network out of people and one of the participants. His mom was like just across the street and she brought a bunch of corn for me mm-hmm and it was raw corn because she was aware of the meme well, he was and he like, texted mom bring the horn he's like I love. You I'll do whatever you say and then boom we corned out together and that's awesome. Memories were made well I. You have a so many corn pose. Let me find my favorite one. If I can, if I can choose it's so hard to decide, but my favorite one, if I hop on over your Instagram has got to be and I know. This makes for entertaining searching through Instagram, but I thought it was near the top, but now I'm losing I'm losing hope. That's my least favorite that one there with a funny corn that was taken at a smokehouse in LA. It's a hairy corn Oh. What is that? Your least favorite I? Think that one is it's not a gallery. It doesn't have the same action. You need blurry corn action well, I'm, looking like an idiot and I'm, not finding I. Think you're out already, like literally the first corn pic you've, already passed. It's that one on the left here there: okay, we're coming back season, two very strong. What what sort of features are you remembering? It was a close-up? And maybe it was this one I think it was this one. This is my favorite corn pic. Yes, it's so blurry, there's so much emotion going on! Really almost you can't even make out the face, let it yeah corn and the eye is really distorted and big yeah. But yet everyone knew yeah well, you'll, see that you know what it is: corn fascinating. Why wasn't there an episode about this and your new season? Well, the problem is, if I say too much, it loses its mystique mm-hmm right. It all began with my father. If I can get deep here for a second, he would like just say weird stuff out of nowhere, sometimes like he'd be in the bathroom, and you just hear like corn dog Willy was a friend of man and I'm like I, don't know, maybe that's a real song I, don't think it is I, don't think I don't know who it is, but it kind of became a ear worm for me, like still it gets stuck in my head, like corn dogs and, and so then my wife and I got a cat and I was like. Let's call it corn many money and she like was into it mmm we have a cat named corn and then I just started to be consumed by the corn and now I can't stop. Do you really, like corn? Stop that's good a stretch but I'm on the page, ie I've tweeted, that pun before so clever yeah, that's one you've thought of and consider me. Let me also clarify I I'm, a corn, the vegetable I think it's okay I really support it. But is this really the kind of corn I'm talking about? Because corn is also my Catholic amenity. Sauce is also a word for small things like corned beef right. Oh, the corn refers to a believe the the salt, like the you've put corn in process according process and also a band as well, and that's what the K yeah that is completely different. I have not associated with you're, not promoting the you're endorsing corn corn with a see okay. What the K is the band that you worried or either name you were endorsing the band corn, the band corn with the seat yeah, but you know what to be look: I'm, just gonna I'm, just gonna go go into this like I. Think it's time to move on, I, think that the corn thing mmm I, don't want it to become oversaturated, it's time to move on we're hanging up the corn right now, I'm, not hanging it up right now. You can't just hang up something: that's taken over your soul. What you can do is evolve so I think, a few days ago, I tweeted cat burp huh. What was that about? There was no corn, there was there. Uh I'd have a cat named corn. You see how it wall uh-huh, but I, don't know where this is gonna. Take me. I cannot really explain. I did that tweet perform. Do you look at performance and does that it does that fuel kind of you're intrigued like the corn thing, people were kind of responding to it, probably right and that's what fueled your curiosity I wasn't surprised as I was responding to it. Hmm, if I share my passions, the likes will come: it's the genuineness. It's again, people respond to the genuineness. So how did cat burp respond for you? Oh really? Well, and you know- and it's always this weird mental thing where, like I've, been making a lot of videos this year and they get a certain amount of attention, but then I tweet cat burp and it gets ten times more interactions there, of course, and I'm like well and so again, yeah, it's real I'm like hey everyone, support, Alzheimer's research and blah blah blah. Go to this link and like five people are like hate, you yeah, but then I tweet, cat burp and everyone's like I'm gonna die someday. It becomes this deep, meaningful thing and they love it and I'm glad for that. It's cat, burping a thing: - cats, burp I, can't find a definitive answer. Okay and just alright, it's not in some of the major veterinarian textbooks of shredder burp right. Have you I, don't know? Is it a bird off like I? Think he actually burped I, don't think he's burped boy? They won't lock him out a dog yeah. They have different digestive yams and their diets or maybe more similar, but like they must have the ability to burp I think it can't happen, but everything I found was if your cat is legitimately burping. That's weird: it needs something that is medical attention right. A human burping is just a normal part of how we work digest. I'm, not a doctor. Definitely on a cat, dr., ok, do cats. Burp I got a feeling. We got a new Vsauce video coming yeah, that's true sophisticated, but sometimes we're afraid to acknowledge that we treat it like it's. You know just oh it's just deep fry just Bubba. No, it is the beginning and end of humanity. Mmm right! That's that's great I mean I, just post pictures of me being fat, but do you Gandhi's that really all it is well I think so it is shattering the norms I mean no one I have ever fallen on social media. Did that that's true of an incident image Oh quite rare in cats dan has done some research here. He says, while common in humans. Thank you for that burping coming humans, burping is quite rare and cats. In fact, according to dr. Anna, hosen has yeah right, not real doctor a staff doctor at New, York, City, Animal, Medical Center, who specializes in small animal internal medicine and ok come on it's uncommon that it even appears in two major veterinary attacks. She regularly consults I, swear, I've heard my cat burp, but the lack of information out there indicates that if cats do burp, it's very important to their overall health yeah, it's not very important to their overall, but that's the same resource I was reading the other day and that's not much as it was so mysterious. I had to tweet it. So you see the cat. Burp didn't come from me going. What's gonna be weird something deeper being like: do they burp or not, I can't believe I can't find out I'm gonna, just tweet it out there get the conversation started. Let's get social, in other words, let's break the internet. Guys conversation begins there, you go. I am vegan mm-hmm. How about three days for three days you've been vegan yeah! That's awesome! For three days. Today's the third day I'm tired, I'm, confused I'm, disoriented, I'm scared. Are you doing it right? I mean not just eating like french fries, oh no I haven't had anything unhealthy, yet yeah, no I'm, vegan I'm, all out and I'm doing it for health reasons, and it's been three days and I'm still fat. So I don't know if I'm doing anything wrong. Look you can be really bad and vegan I mean I, then can get zoom a lot of calories. I think it takes extra work to be super fat and vegan because you basically just have to eat like tons of bread. Basically, french fries I mean that dairy I'm already noticing in these three days the cream, the cheese, the dairy that [ __ ] I eat. So much of that shape it's in the Seine and that [ __ ] is just like poison. So do you feel better for not having that for three days? I feel tired, interesting now. Look this. What I always feel tired this whole bread and potatoes thing that'll get, can trip you up but you're in the right City to eat. Well, vegan I mean you guys know the cafe gratitudes the, but now I can only name one cross for all the other ones. Takis Madre I work with a whole bunch of vegans, so the the Vsauce office, primarily this office, to kind of they're, not vegan, register I become fully conscious by the way I went for the diet, and it's been three days and I saw like ela eating like a sandwich and I was like. Excuse me see. I was on the sandwich. Excuse me, it had I, don't know some kind of animal product. I said. Excuse me ela Meat, Is, Murder, Wow I, don't you have a conscious? You know that the conditions that animals suffer and to produce animal products there's a holocaust going on every day. In this country, billions of chickens and cows being murdered every day, Meat Is Murder I'm a vegan for three days. How do you feel how? How do you sleep at night yeah that animal Nadia had plans for the future ambition? Excuse me, but I I shake her away. Every 20 minutes I was vegetarian and Ethan was the one who, because of him, I stopped. What I'm been hearing is excuses now to be fair, she's eating for two right: okay, the health of the babies, fair about that Nami I, I'm I want her. To you mean with the we got a little baby inside her, you don't have to eat meat when you're pregnant, but you know you shouldn't like eat the wrong things or skip things. Yeah right, she'd worry about the baby, I heard about people vegans who forced they're like animals to be vegan and obviously like dogs, our current current. If carnivores, they eat meat, and so they were like killing their dogs and malnourished sharing their dogs from giving them a vegan diet. We should fact check this cuz I've heard Dan fact-check that dogs can't eat vegan diets, I, think cats, dogs can kind of get away with the cats, definitely can't catch. [, __, ] and I really heard of people doing that to their cats and that that's unacceptable doing that to their newborn babies and they just [ __ ] like kill their baby. Talk to a doctor, please yeah I'm vegan, so um by the way, there's ongoing debate, I always hear people asking is semen, vegan I think it would certainly be vegan and it is and here's why right I've researched a lot of reasons. I know you know a lot. You don't need to research. This well just think about it. I've done a lot of extensive research on and off the field in and out of the lab yeah. Now semen is vegan, because a human can consent to give you their camel product. Animals cannot consent, and so, if you're wondering HeLa, yes, semen is vegan. Is it now I've heard it's not always um that consent is required because, for instance, and animals placenta might be okay for a vegan, because it's abandoned by the and it's abandoned, so you can eat their [ __ ]. You could definitely get out what I would be there might be. However, the question is there might be. You know if they're, a carnivorous animal who has outputted the feces there might be meet bye-bye. You in you didn't make any choice and because the animal was existing in its natural habitat, well, I almost don't need permission, but the [ __ ] is way so I would say. If you're vegan, you can happily feast on an animal's, poop and good clear on that man, yeah, I'd and I. Don't think you're, not on my way the animals wealthy nor any of its rights by eating its poop. So, according to this council, we all agree that you can feast on poop as a v8, but can you can hold on hold on if I cooked poop to the right temperature? Would it be safe to eat? That is a something for you. You two to explore in your next Vsauce video guess what I already have explored it as it turns out yeah. Oh really, you can cook I mean if you cook it to a temperature that kills all the organisms. Then you know you could eat it. Hmm, but you don't even need to cook poop to eat it and be fine. If it's your own poop for real, apparently eating your own union is not that bad other people's poop, don't do it huh you're! Just putting the same. You know microbes that are already in yourself. So now some what I should probably walk this back a bit: okay, right and I'm sure everyone's gonna go uh actual, like I just ate my own poop Hospital, and so don't eat your own poop. But if you have to eat poop make sure go with your own and microwave it. First, if you can well I'd say like pan fry with a little, you know some shallots and have you tried little cream sauce I've, never tried it hold on now. I do think that would be intriguing to cook your own poop and eat it, but it is such a good question. It really gets well part of like why can't we eat some things and not others. What is poop? What is hygiene? Well, you go too far with our hygiene. Well, I was watching a really fascinating documentary about you've, probably heard about this poop transfusions, yeah, there's really diseases of the of like a speck, terrier corne. You know test test an old bacteria and people with healthy, good gut bacteria and intestinal bacteria. They suck all the [ __ ] out of the [ __ ] of the unhealthy person. It's it's. You can really want a fecal donation, yeah sure I mean if you want to be they [ __ ] in another dude's ass holes. Really you want to get down to brass tacks. No, but they take all that ass out and then they like pump all the ass end of a healthy person, and it heals is really rare. It completely heals them. It's like a miracle treatment. It's fascinating, yeah right, Michael, it's fascinating and it really has improved a lot of people's lives. A poop transplant yeah, the poop they poop they [ __ ] in another dudes [, __, ], no they're, also synthetic poops that can be put into your body. If you need that infusion of good bacteria, it doesn't have to be another person's there's. Even an artist who, like a decade ago, created a machine that you would put like a hamburger in and it had all the right mechanisms and all the right chemicals mm-hmm and it would turn food into robot made artificial poop. Could you eat it if you cooked it and it could eat its own poop? Have you really like a bit there's like a who's on first base? Can you poop? Can you eat the poop or, if you cook it, but if it's your own, you can eat it. That's the point of every story. We're gonna tell today welcome back to season. 2 nothing's changed it's the same season as it ever was. Do you guys edit these down? No I know it's live, but do you then put out? Oh, you put out the whole thing, there's no way not to because on YouTube it'll be it's like out anyway, and we were on tour alive. Oh, we had opportunity to edit. So now, when you stop putting this out, when you stop, what's the word yeah, then it's just saved and that's the episode. That's up on your back right right. It's like a tweet, it cannot be edited, it is history and it will forever be encapsulated for all eternity like a healthy poop in the intestines of a healthy person, but it can be transferred into another intestines for a healthy poop. That's what happens when you watch it mm-hmm that many fans alright Wow. We blossom through the first 30 seconds, quick, Oh Julius, so guys we're gonna, throw it over to a quick break. Do not go away because we have a lot more to uncover a lot more, to discover a lot more to learn and to grow together on this journey of feasting on poop. So we'll see you soon and do not go anywhere. Dah now rings mission is to make your neighborhood safer. You might already know about their smart video, doorbells and cameras that protect millions of people everywhere, but ring helps you stay connected to your home anywhere in the world. So there, if there's a package delivered or a surprise, visitor you'll, get an alert and be able to see, hear and speak to them all from your phone. That's thanks to the HD, video and two-way audio feature of ring devices. Now let me tell you something me Neela: we don't live in the best neighborhood, it's not the worst neighborhood! It's not that bad, but I mean like it's a little shady. Sometimes at night and I would not feel safe at home. If we did not have these rings, I'm reeling you six of them. They are a life changing now you can get started right with the doorbell. Ok. So if anyone approaches the door, you get a notification of motion notification on your phone. You could talk to them. It saves it uploads it to the cloud nobody's getting away with anything when you've got rings, but we've got them on the sides of our house on our driveways. You cannot approach our house without us knowing and the video call it is the best one and you can talk to them. You say: hey I can see you buddy and then you know, then they can talk back to you, I mean this is space-age technology. Next year's 2020, the future is now it came a year early. That's what ring is you got to try it if you're at all curious? Now as a listener, you also get a special offer on a ring starter kit available right now with a video, doorbell and motion activated floodlight cam. We have four of those I freaking love those the Stargate has everything you need to start building a ring of security around your home, so go to ring. Comm, /h 3. That's ring comm /h 3 to arrive in the future 2021 year. Early ring, calm, /h 3 here guys how about some free money? That's! Basically what honey is it's a free check in your pocket? Millions of top-rated sellers offer the exact same product on Amazon. Finding the best deals feels like looking for invisible needle on the best and the world's biggest haystack, but thanks to honey, the free browser extension I always get the best price on Amazon. Without lifting a finger, honey automatically goes to work whenever I shop on Amazon. It compares the prices of every seller that carries the item. I want honey, even factors in shipping sales tax and Amazon Prime status to make sure I'm getting the lowest price possible. It shows me the best deal every time, even if Amazon does it. It's like having my very own personal shopping assistant. Honestly honey is so easy to use. It feels like cheating. It feels like you're robbing a bank at gunpoint. No, that's! No! It doesn't feel like that, but it's legal, so it can feel like that. But it's not it's. Just a smart automated deal, finder that gets millions of shoppers, the best price on Amazon and all across the internet. Now, let me tell you, show you guys an example: I was doing a little shopping at coach. I got myself some shoes in a new wallet for Christmas and it was $400. Don't judge me and just I didn't know where honey swoops in with $25 off holiday, 25 I, didn't know about this boom. Look at this 25 off, that's what it does for you on Amazon and almost all major retailers across the internet. It's free to install it. Just takes a matter of seconds. More than 10 million people are using honey to save money and they've got over a hundred thousand five-star reviews on Google Chrome store. Time magazine forget what Time magazine says. Listen to me. It's free money. We both said the same thing and I said it first. So next time you're shopping on Amazon or anywhere around the web. Don't wonder whether you found the best deal just add honey to get the best price automatically so add honey for free at join honeycomb, slash h3, that's join honeycomb, slash h3 takes a couple: clicks bam, bam, bam, you're, set for life boy, valentine's Day is right around the corner and rather than spending all that money going out to fancy restaurants. Why not just hang around in your underwear all night, courtesy of me undies me undies, you is the coveted micro modal fabric, which is three times softer than cotton. This fabric genuinely feels like actual heaven against your skin and boy. Is that soft right, ela speaking of prints, this VJs and mandis, will be releasing a new print every tuesday? That means that you and your loved ones could chill and matching prints for v-day and play the game of how long can you keep these on and, if you're by yourself? How long can you keep it in speaking of micro, remote? Oh, look at these beautiful Valentine's, Day socks, they're, so soft, breathable and luxurious. If you're a couple you can put them on and hang out and just your socks together and if you're by yourself, you can jerk off into it. What if you're by yourself they're really lame? Well, why would you buy yourself, Valentine's Day, underwear, that's kind of the saddest [ __ ] I ever heard. That's a lot of people. You think buying themselves. Valentine's Day underwear, oh by feel special tonight, baby lighting candles for yourself that me! Yes, yes, yes, but why stop at undies? This year's Mandy's is launching their v-day prints and lounge pants and onesies as well. Both are made from the same micro modal fabric that is coveted around the world. Me undies has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchase. When you order me undies you get 15% off and free shipping, that's a no-brainer, get 15% off a pair of the most comfortable underwear you will ever put on so to get 15% off your first pair of free shipping and a 100% satisfaction guaranteed, go to me, undies comm, /h 3, that's Mandy's, comm slashing welcome back everybody. I hope your buttholes are well kept and clumped and clean and dried back here with the wonderfully. Not very family-friendly, show I try to be, but what I just said? Poop, oh you hated a word. Stop it! Oh, the a word yeah I was like damn was so, but yeah I heard Michael. They first of all happy birthday. Your birthday was on Wednesday. Am I right? That's right! Jen we're here the same age as me, 33 years old, is that the best applause sound effect you guys can get I think it's fine. It sounds like we're really clapping. Thank you, you're, 33 years old, same age as me. Have you noticed the effects of aging because I'm starting to notice, like some things but tell me: what's your experience about being an old 33 year old I mean I, think physically yeah, especially with this big beard. There's like a lot of gray in it. Mm-Hmm right and I always had a gray hairs there, not a lot but I think mentally. It's really interesting because I don't know you're kind of reaching this point where the the things I was nostalgic for like Rugrats and Doug and salute your shorts and that and always set me apart from lame adults. But now it defines me as a lame adult because the young people now are like. Oh, my gosh um. What's what's a show, that's like way, not old, now I'm like Carly I car there's. All these Disney shows people knowing that I Drake and Josh yeah, and it's all and they're like that. Oh my gosh that was so long ago and I'm just like yeah. What about David the gnome remember that I don't like um, no and I'm like oh, my gosh. This is like when my parents would say you know Howdy, Doody and I'd be like wow just die already. You know right, so you realize that oh, my gosh, like I'm, just becoming an adult like there's now I'm me and my peers are like running the world there. There is no one above us who's like they know. What's going on they're in charge now it's like we are, and it's huge, no we're lame. We're lame. I! Don't think you feel, like I, didn't make a judgement about yeah I, don't think a judgement was packed. I, don't think it's I think it's too early to say much about Millennials like weird those lame adults. Weird some adults are cool. All right, I, don't want to like I, don't wanna get my adult sponsorship, canceled I support adults, but like watching history, documentaries, and you realize that all these people that are like have been such a big part of where we are today and they're all like our age when they were doing these things and you're like I'm in that face. I had that similar epiphany where I was like almost everyone around me now is younger than me right, I'm, the old guy, now right and I'm not interact like I'm, so used to being the young guy right, where everyone is older than me around me, and so it's coming to the point where we're gonna be the old dude right and lame yeah, okay, well I'm, trying to we're trying to be a little more optimistic here, yeah. Why do you microwave some poop and eat it? Why are you fear roast if you mug, if you're gonna, cook, poop and eat it, you might as well microwave it, and that seems soothing. It already comes out. Quite warm 98 apparently is not enough warm iced poop. Could you get it cold enough that all the organisms inside die flash freeze, yeah? We can't we're trying to get off this. We're gonna get off this, so we blast poop into space and somehow propel it back in to atmosphere and can you eat it then I just don't know if I want it to be exposed to cosmic rays and the radiation. That's for real! You think that would be a danger. It could mutate. The bacteria indolent super poop bacteria and now don't look at sorry. Another thing is the I compare things a lot like when I was a child music from the 50s was like oldies and it's still called oldies, but in the 80s music from the 50s was 30 years old. Now, music from the 80s, the 80s is 30 years old. So two children born now music from the 80s, is like what Elvis was to me as a kid and it felt like Elvis was from this different world yeah. It was so far in the past. Yeah. That's amazing, and it's a little strange now. What about like frequent urinating that was kind of more? What I was asking you about I I'm urinating, the same amount, which is actually a lot I, really love urinating, you knowing I'm like urinating, so much more than I used to I, don't worry having to go and then going and then feeling relief. What about in the middle of the night? No that's fun! What is fun about you should be pregnant, I, don't think so. I like waking up in the middle of the night, you're all alone- and you know, there's a couple of app games. I played you got chest to open up really you open up your phone when you yeah and I'm like while I'm peeing on you take it. Take it to make a special and I go to bed and I feel like I've accomplished a few things so I deserve to sleep again: I try to keep even my eyes closed, wow, wow, yeah! Well, because a lot of because I don't want to wake up and once I wake up, it's so hard to go back to bed. If it's the middle of the night- and you can [ __ ] around on your mobile game and then just be like okay end up I'm, not like focusing I'm just like ah I, need to open that chest and start unlocking that one. What game are you playing you're embarrassed to say? What is it well? I mean I think they should sponsor me before I start talking out of it made without, but I mean what kind of game I'm Carrie it's a golf. It's a golf game called golf clash by play. Dimmick is that them guys who make clash of Clan or people? Just you know, I dish, I literally, don't know it could be that they're, the same company it could be. The clash is just like I, don't know clash of golf Michael. Do you play golf? I've never played golf. I went to a driving range one time. How'd, you do I, don't even remember. I was like oh seven, yes, but but golf on an app. No you've got the ball guide. You can be a lot more. You know mathematical about it or it's not so much like getting into physical shape. It's about mental shape. Physical shape is so important, though your brain is part of your physical body. You need to stay in shape, but right, but when you play real golf, you don't unlock a platinum chest because you want a ture game. No, absolutely not. What would you find in those chests that would be so valuable to you? Oh jeez, like I'd, really like to finally unlock Cataclysm right. What is that only the best wood in the game when it's at a high enough level Oh see you unlock clubs? Are you guys also not obsessed with this game? I, don't even know I've been playing balloons td6, which is one of these. Oh, that's, the [, __ ] right, that's uh, I have to I have a little bit of a bone to pick with this game. To be frank with you, it's a tower defense game. Dan you've played the number six by what I don't know. If I've played six I am familiar with the series. The series it's a yeah me too I love. It I've been in love with them, since broodwar Starcraft back in the day we're the same age. Isn't that great when's, your birthday, June 25 same things, so you're like six months old, 24th, some water, regardless we've been talking mile minute, I mean there's so much to cover regardless there's this game, you defend balloons as monkeys with darts, okay, it's great it's a great game, but here's in light. Where I get really frustrated, you have to buy the game. I think I paid $5.00 for the game. We need to buy it just to play just for the game, and so you expect well I'm buying the game. So I'm gonna get a whole game, a wholesome game, and but what you end up getting is you have to still buy a bunch of like [ __ ]? Do you join well you're at such a disadvantage that it's all it's the unsatisfying display and I'm like dude I? What the hell like this game should be free, at least if you're gonna. You know why golf class really hit thanks and you go back and bleep the f-bomb. It's live. Golf clash is a game where you can definitely pay to get special balls and extra cards. All those clubs exactly, but you know you don't have to I- haven't spent a single dime I, don't mind if people do sure, but I kind of like the challenge of can I just through what you get without pain and be competitive, and it means I've had to be better. I've had to study more I've got to have all the spreadsheets and the notes. I got a really like plan out. Do you really have spreadsheets and notes or yeah being I could show you my notes that are in my bag? I gotta have them with me in case I, get like a free minute and I'm like ooh time to complete the two or opening rounds are gonna in soon you're being theatrical, Am I, yes, because they're not selling well anyway, Michael I appreciate the anecdote. What are you talking about who's? Not selling I, don't I, don't believe a golf game is gonna. Be that complicated they're trying to sell to Moe I mean there's kids playing golf games. You don't have to crunch numbers. You're not doing Pythagorean, theorem and crunching MC equals MC talk and just push the button and then probably time it with a ring um. There is some timing, there's also topspin sidespin curl wind adjustments, yeah Joe should I do the rough bump here. Do I have enough facts: pinta just go right to the green yeah, that's something that you have to learn. This may ruin a theory. Meanwhile, this is what the game looks like. It looks a lot like this because you always play against a real opponent. Oh that's cool! So you're spending half the time watching him. Oh it's my turn and there we go. That's fun: okay, cool! Now you try. I will say one of my favorite games of all time was a golf game. It was Tiger Woods golf and it's so cool because you can upgrade your guy. You get the club's like you said you get you're all over the place. You're hitting your hitting drives that real people would only dream of driving that far and you're feeling the rush. Mario Golf on gameboy color was my favorite game, and so you know a few months ago. I was like there's got to be another golf game out there, that's good mmm, downloaded a bunch. Don't you stay in mario kart, mario golf Oh Mario go yeah on gameboy color I played that version and I loved it, and also I I, get really into the whole like ooh. If I play a little bit more I'll have a few more rewards, you know, and they get you on that kind of like I'm, making progress mmm, but you can see the results of it like ooh, ooh I know how to play this shootout. Mmm I know that you, but you you have to curl a bit more than you might think, and really the way to go is through the left. Don't go straight at the hole that looks easier but watch this and then your opponent's like, oh and you're like can you talk [, __ ] to the other person you, you can only use the preset emojis they provide, but people find a way to still be mean with them. They can it really that people always find a way to really aggravate each other with those yeah so like when you [, __ ] up and they say like good game, good game, good game, good game or something like that. Well got a nice shot. There cast nice shot well played here. Good and you're, like I just fell in the bunker me they're, both spam emojis, when you're trying to line up a shot when it really matters you're running out of time. So then I'm the opposite, I'm terrified that people will take what I'm saying the wrong way. So I only say good game. If I've lost interesting, if I win, sometimes I feel like they might interpret it as I'm gloating right so I'll say something like good luck, but even that kind of sounds like a Liam. They need a little because you're bad good luck, idiot what you do. You're sweet guy man! You got to go heart of gold. I! Don't want anyone to like discover my account or a kiss epic involve questioning me like this guy's Michael's, a jerk, because people love those stories I'm like who's, actually really what that'd be great. If there was an expose on Michael from his golf talking, yeah now Michael season, three has just come out: yeah all the episode. All eight episodes are up available to view YouTube red. They don't call it YouTube red anymore. They call it YouTube premium. You can help me not what happened. They just love rebranding things, because it's confusing right. They want to be confusing as possible. It's apparently edit strategy right, but yeah YouTube premium is what it's called now. I just focus on its mind field right and who knows what'll happen in the in the far future. But it's been, it's been an awesome ride and season. Three is my favorite season. Cuz as I've become more confident like working with a larger team with, like you, know, deadlines and a bigger budget, and a lot more on the line. I've gotten better and I've, also gotten more confident and kind of being a big part of the process and the team this year really understood what made minefield great. We've got an expert from a university or a research team in everything they're always there. So you don't just feel like it's. You know this unqualified guy Michael. Being like a is this a reality show you feel like. Oh I can see how pilot studies are made, how you develop an experiment and how you kind of try out variables to make sure that you're ready when you actually start mmm so well, there was two episodes that stood up to me. The first one was the chimpanzee one that was like freakin phenomenal. That was a see such dude. You guys this one's free. So like this episode was so amazing. You went out to China Japan or Japan yeah whoa whoa. You went up to Japan and you hooked up with this Reacher's researcher, who studies chimpanzees and there's this huge natural habitat yeah. Were they the chimpanzees come in on their own? Exactly that is crazy. So right, like this huge open and KL encampment, yeah yeah, so I went knowing that other people had talked about. His research obviously has been published, for you know more than a decade, but I didn't know as much about how he runs the experiment. It's not like all right, you know, get the tasers out and wrangle the chimps into the rooms. They've got these treetop laboratories, so - the chimp. It feels like they're just foraging and instead of reaching out and grabbing a berry and eating it, they reach out and they touch numerals in order, and then they get the same type of food. They would normally forage same amount and then that's all calculated so that they're there, the meals that they're given by the the keepers, all add up to the right amount of food in a day mmm. So they get their whole day's food from these experiments. No, they don't. Oh, they don't even have to go and do the experiment. They don't want to right. If they don't, then they'll just be fed a little bit more later right, but there's even facial recognition cameras that that can tell which chimpanzee is walked in so they know what difficulty to give they know who's eating the food they don't get over fed, and it's just wonderful now that also made it hard to film, because that you can't just be like all right bring in the chimps they're like we have to wait. We don't know who's gonna come it could be one of the geniuses, that's gonna be amazing or it could be one of the Dumbo's. It was really well shot. Thank you, I did none of the shooting. It was fascinated because in Japan do you fly with a crew yeah? We flew with the with a smaller crew, and then we had people there in Japan, fixers and and locals. Who could help us? You know navigate faster. How did you even set up with this guy I was curious. You know what really helped is seasons, 1, &amp; 2, we can say, look we're really interested we reach out to like Kyoto University's. You know Press Group and we say hey, this is the show and they watch and they go oh yeah. This is like not sensationalizing, they're, really, honestly kind of like promoting what's happening and please come out well. The experiment was about memory yeah, and so these chimpanzees was mind blowing. They have a almost what seems to be slightly. Some of them have to have like a picture-perfect memory where all these numbers will flash quickly on the screen and all these different grids and the monkeys can do it all or the chimpanzees can do it all and and remember it immediately yeah, whereas you competed at one point against one of these chimpanzees and ah and I mean obviously you didn't have to - no but like we are just on such a lower level in terms of memory yeah, our our memory is so much less photographic. Now I was at a huge disadvantage in that I'd. Never done it before. If I did it every single day for years, I would get really good, but they found that a human just cannot reach the same average ability that a chimpanzee can we just need a little bit longer. I think we're we're thinking about it. A little bit too much. The chimpanzee is just going. I need to react to what's given to me, whereas we're going oh shapes and thoughts, and primarily, though they found that it could be language that theory that the fact that we can talk that we have language is what makes our memories. So bad is controversial in some circles, but I don't need to have a perfectly photographic memory. If I can tell stories to remember things right. If you asked me, what did you have for lunch? I don't have to go pick. The picture out. I can go well, let's see it's Jake's birthday, he likes tile. We had Taco Bell, we had a pineapple cake because he loves pineapples, but it wasn't banana flavored and I'm telling a story even if I didn't have language, even if I didn't speak. My brain might still remember in that sort of way, not with English words but with grammar, whereas the chimpanzee is just in that moment now. So this is the theory of the cognitive trade-off that, in order to develop language, we trade it off memory. I mean there's only so much space in your brain for stuff, but what I thought about is I, don't know if you've seen this there's. This very very rare condition called superior autobiographical memory familiar with that yeah. This is so I watched this 60 minutes report. There's only 10 people so far in the world discovered with this ability, and they have this ability to recall any moment any day. Every single thing: that's happened in their life with perfect, recall, yeah I've heard of it, but I don't know enough about it. So I'm a little skeptical air-five yeah. Well, let me show you a clip: can they test they don't kind of test? So this was a 60 minutes report. They remember exactly like on a certain date. What day of the week it was how old they were, what they were doing like if a current event happened, tested and proved to have superior autobiographical memory, October 1st, a total recall of every day of their lives, extremely impressive Delta Airlines flight 191 crashes near Dallas, Texas, oh I, know exactly when that happened, because it was August the 2nd of 1985. It was a Friday. Such a gift has never been documented before, and scientists like Professor James McCord are excited about where it may lead. One of them said it's like a Google search that you put it in and, and it just sort of there it is, and it it's the huge Minister month and it's a day and it sort of narrows in and it goes, bang and they've got it, and this all happens very quickly. It just actually I have another timestamp where they conducting some kind of experiment. This is kind of blowing my mind I one of my best friends, Mary Lou. As this for really I mean I, didn't know what it was called but yeah. He has like this ridiculous ability to recall like down to the hour of the day events, so you want to get in touch with these they've only found 10 people in the world really yeah. It's genuinely blowing my mind because my buddy I've known him for years and we always just chalked him up to being kind of a weirdo for having disability but yeah. That's that's actually kind of crazy here, Oh hoping this is the right time stamp for others like Jewel Price, who was the first person to be diagnosed with this remarkable condition. It's a burden. Is it driving you crazy on the inside yeah? Sometimes it does yeah I mean I really just want to be screaming at the top of my lungs most of the time and I can't do that. So I have to keep everything in check. When did you realize you had this ability about five weeks after I turned 14 and I? Don't really know why, on this day, exactly February 5th 1980, but from that day, until now it's every day, and so you know you pull a jet out boom. It's like I'm right there. Every moment of every day, ever I have nothing to add. Yeah I want to show there's just one part: I want to show you where they recur, where they say specific days, got it yeah, that's very telling yeah, don't believe it. Well, let's do it. It reads out Android January, 28 1986 days old, that that anniversary of the week was it. She just said it was a Wednesday. You were five days old I was five days old and probably not murmuring. It maybe was a Tuesday, but it's also my grandmother's birthday, the 28th of January. So there's a lot intersecting there a lot of reasons. Why I would remember the Challenger disaster right, I? Guess it's a lot of v6 and the Super Bowl was the Sunday before John Lennon's assassination that was December, 8th 1980. Do you remember what day of the week it was Monday I was in tenth grade. It blows my mind that you can remember that that crash killed, 274 people, the Chicago plane crash the one in May, 25th 1979, that is the one yeah I was in the 8th grade. I had just come back that week from having the chickenpox, remembering historical events is one thing, but these scars a whole lot further. What may 8th my grandmother had imagine having instant recall of what you ate for breakfast exactly 20 years ago today? What if I flip it around I, don't give you an Advent but a date. The 28th of February 97, that was a Friday and I, was leaving that day to go up to San Francisco. We sort of got sidetracked by a bank robbery in North Hollywood she's right they have it. So there seems to be some people that have both brains, yep and one side. Both it's I, don't know a lot about it, but you can see how much how important it would be to learn like first of all like knowing the dates of a John, Lennon's assassination and plane crashes. There are plenty people who know all of those but imagine being burdened in that way, mm-hmm by every detail being there. It almost makes you feel less bad about how the past, in your memories, keep fading away. I only live in a kind of clear but I I wonder if that's some kind of defense mechanism. You know, because it is a like this little one, lady, that they interviewed, and this was like I love having this ability right, as you can imagine, the utility of that is insane I mean yeah you'd, be able to excel at anything like way more yeah level yeah. But this lady says that it's a bird, it's a I could see. Are you both yeah I can see it and I, don't know what they've found since I. You know what's going on yeah, what are the limits of this and what might be the cause and what are some of the the bad side effects yeah, but you can also see how difficult psychology is. If you do physics- and you want to talk about like the mass of a proton- they all have the same mass mm-hmm, but memory all of our memories are different when you think of being five. What is it like? Do you see through your eyes? Do you see yourself from outside? It's a what is it what's the fidelity of it? Is it like a visit like 4k? Is it like 1080, we still don't really know and- and everyone might be so different, it might be really hard to pin it down. Mm-Hm, mathematics and physics. It's kind of like look. The speed of light is what it is. We've literally defined it to be something, but what is happiness? Yeah I would like to get her in there to challenge that chimpanzee. Do you think she would win? That is maybe a different skill different one though cuz that's a day, yeah, that's a very different way. I think she would win. She's got that we gotta get her out there to Japan. She has amazing episodic memory. She remembers episodes from her life. She doesn't have that photographic like instant a scene we got, but there are people who do. There are people who can look at a deck of cards all laid out and then and then it's called an eidetic memory, because it's not quite like a photograph, if you, if you show them 52 cards, laid out in order, and then you tell them like what card was in the corner, which one was here: they'll they'll know, but if you tell them which card had a tiny black dot somewhere, they won't remember if they didn't commit that to memory, it's not like, they are pulling up a photo, they tore and they can look for details that they didn't see or or attend to at first mmm. So it's not quite a photographic memory. They call it eidetic. No, so I mean what was your kind of takeaway from that whole experience in Japan, I mean how long were you there? How long did it take to shoot that we were there? Well, we were there for like two weeks, because we also did the episode on recording your dreams, mm-hmm. That was done in a different part of Japan, but it was all underneath Kyoto University right, and so we were. We were at the primate research institute for like four or five days and every morning we had to get there for like the chimps breakfast, because that's when the two really famous ones might come in and we had to do like four morning's just to capture like oh my gosh, you know I has come. What time are we talking about? I think it was like. You know, 7:30 a.m. but you're already so jet-lagged you're not like that's not it's not early, you just. We were on a very early to get up and early. You go to bed skit. Now were these chimp, these superstar chimps were they? Was it the result of just like good good genetics, or were these the monkeys, the chimps that were there practicing all the time? Well, they have trained for a long time because imagine like they don't just come out of the trees and go. Oh I can do that yeah they have to learn what numerals are. They have to learn how a touchscreen works. It takes a long time so, but there's nothing special about them. Otherwise, it's not like. We found some chimps that can do this. Well, you know, there's a varying level of intelligence among humans, I, wonder how's that variance among Jim, I'm sure and there's also variation by age. You know, as they get older, there's cognitive decline and so I who was born in the seventies she's now getting slower and that's who I went up against so I had a bit of an advantage. But it's not it's not that these chimpanzees were, like you know way above norm, they're they're. What a chimpanzee can do and we used to be able to do the theory. The hypothesis is that, as as we split from chimpanzees through evolution, we needed language to survive. We didn't have the safety of the trees. We need to be able to say you watch out while I get those scavenged remains, and you have to trust that I will give some to you, I'm near it you're having to do look out or you're having to do something else mm-hmm, but we have to communicate because we can't just be safe in the trees and grab berries all day all right, but you can't develop language like you, can't just go all right guys, let's just build a new lobe on our brain. Instead, you have to take the cells and the structures already there and sacrifice some of them to you're doing language now right and the hypothesis is that we gave away some of that eidetic memory. Some of that short-term memory ability a good trade-off- evolutionarily, probably a probably yeah, probably but I- don't want to judge, but who know doesn't mean it like we're better than chimps. It just means we're different. We were forced to be different to still be here today, the other one, the Stanford Prison Experiment, also free, also free yeah. This I always confuse with this. The original experiment yeah. This original experiment was very famous. This guy set up a guards and prisoners dynamic and just to still tell a long story short. The guards became very cruel right, yeah oversimplify it, but well I, guess well I I'm confused about what there he was driving that we are inherently more like evil or manipulatable or capable of evil. I guess I, just didn't really see the point of the experiment and I've always doubted this. This kind of theory that humans are born with a capacity of evil, but the Stanford Prison Experiment is often given as evidence that see at our root core. You just can't help it. People turn bad and the Stanford Prison Experiment has been told as a story of it's not just bad apples. It's the bad barrel. If you put anyone in the wrong circumstance, they will behave badly right. If you give people power and you D personalize the others they have control over and all these things then they'll just become bad dude. Abu Ghraib, oh I mean do you think that that was proven through their experiment. No yeah, I, don't I! Think that that it is very true that the situation can have a lot more power than we might think, but I don't think that it's the simple story of oh well, of course, these terrible things happen because they just do yeah. You know even nice people can go eat, go bad right. That can't happen, but I think it's way more complicated and where the the people and their own personalities in the situations overlap and and have feedback loops with each other, it becomes really gray. Hmm. Well. The one detail that actually I learned from watching this episode, I didn't know is that the researchers, where we're encouraging the guards yeah off the record, to be more cruel right, which is something that they didn't disclose. That part of the story is a rarely told yeah. That's a that's a that modifies the results, a lot yeah there was one guy, apparently, who wasn't being cruel enough and there's a recording of the of the researchers being like hey dude, you're gonna have to be more you're. Gonna have to be more dominating. You have to be more forceful with them. Otherwise, this experiments not going to work yeah and urging cruelty in the episode I got to talk with one of the guards from the experiment right and he explained that he thought he was working with the experimenters. He thought the whole point was we're. Gonna, be cruel and see what people do we're going to show that prisons are all bad and need to be reformed. So he thought he knew what the experiment was about, and so he behaved in a certain way and he was getting feedback from the research team. He couldn't. He knew that the cameras were recording them and that when he did creatively cruel things, they would like get a close-up and they'd all go ooh, and so he was encouraged in his mind to be mean right, so that kind of throws into question. What did we really learn from the Stanford Prison Experiment I? Don't think that the whole thing should be called a hoax and written off I. Think, first of all, it's incredibly important as a example of why you need to ethically study people. You can't just be like: let's get some young people and I don't know, give them power over each other and over the some of the things the guards did just for people who are listening. Who aren't familiar with that experiment? Well, you know it devolved into like making the prisoners hump each other. In order to you know, get bathroom breaks, it was um. Hey you prisoner are going to be. You know locked in this closet until you eat, because some hunger strikes happened and then yeah I think the guards would come up with like scenarios like okay. If you all don't choose a person to be punished, then you all lose your blankets, so the prisoners had to go against each other stuff, like that. These were all volunteers, so they were paid yeah. They were paid per day, yeah a pretty good amount more than what you would get for like a just a job, the college job you know at that time, but it had to be ended early because it got so bad now. There was also like a whole nervous breakdown, one of the prisoners had. But since then he said that he was just acting: hmm cuz. He just he was wanting to study for his upcoming tests and they weren't let he do want to get out. Cuz I saw it was this the guy who was like yeah just started freaking out I mean they were like okay, this guy's like office yeah he's gone, he's gotten out of control, but really he was just doing that cuz. He knew that they would have no choice but to like get him at it. Well, that's interesting yeah, but I mean I get well. So at any rate, you think that this experiment, what does it prove if not that that humans are capable of not all humans, are I'm, not sure what it proves, but it it's a great example in the textbooks especially of like this is why we have ethics review boards mmm-hmm. You know this is why we need be careful if you want to know, what's in a proton, smash them together and look at what comes out. You can't take someone's brain scoop, a piece out and be like now it's different, oh, that right in the part that allows you to answer my questions shoot. You know you have to be really careful and- and there are times in the history of psychology where that line has been crossed and we've we've I think become better, but I also think that the Stanford Prison Experiment, like the Milgram experiment, the one with the electric shocks, shows us that people will do quite cruel things in the name of something bigger and in Milgram and in Stanford I think that was scientific progress. Hmm they said well, this university is doing this and it must be important, so I don't feel so bad I'm being told to do this by you know someone whose work I think is important, mm-hmm, so I think that's what we really learned from the Stanford Prison Experiment. Well, we still need to do a lot of work on where that balance is between what makes someone do evil there or what makes someone become a hero all right so you're the experiment you did in the video or in that episode, when they're in the dark room that was based on the Milgram. Well, that was that was our attempt to play around with. How would you run something like the Stanford Prison Experiment, but have absolutely no demand characteristics, meaning no expectations on the part of the participants that they were supposed to behave in any way, because everything we kept hearing was that the participants in the Prison Experiment all thought they had to take on this role. Oh I'm, a prisoner, so I guess like what a prisoners do well, they're obedient or they riot I'll do one of those too. We said what, if I don't give them what we just give them numbers. We don't tell them that we're recording certain data, and we just see if given the opportunity to hurt someone knowing that you would never get caught for it mm-hmm would you do it and we really struggled. We also cast the most like benevolent people, we're there were all sweethearts, because all we wanted to show is that there's a point where you just will not get the results that you saw at the Stanford Prison Experiment. So it's not an either/or. People are either good or you put them in the rotten barrel and they all turn into rotten. Apples. I was wondering, were you wanting to do something more extreme? Was there ever a point when YouTube was like? Ah, let's not do it that way that it was, though it was a weird episode, because we developed that one after season 3 already been approved right and so I was busy, making all the other seven episodes and still having to come up with. Well, what's the Stanford Prison thing and the more we looked into it, we talked to a lot of psychologists and they were all like you know. If you do it today, it's just a reality show the BBC did a fantastic version. That was much more rigorous and they were looking at sort of group cohesion and it was very cool, but you know they had a huge facility and they had a lot of time. It's all they did. You know we were only able to spend an eighth of our time and resources on this right because we had seven other episodes. So you know I, think when you say Stanford, Prison Experiment people get a little scared and they think it's gonna go too far, so we were even proposing stuff like there's this really fantastic experiment involving hot sauce, mmm and and you you, as a participant, have to measure out an amount of hot sauce - for someone else to drink. Hmm and YouTube was like too far and I was like yeah, but I mean we've electrically, shocked people in previous seasons and hot sauce. There's like a popular show on you. Yeah of all people do you know, and they think they were just so scared that Stanford Prison Experiment, that's. It was gonna violate ethical rules that we, the the hot sauce, could not be hotter than Tabasco stuff, like that. Rome, like I, had a feeling that they that they had their hands in the but I appreciate some of those challenges because it forced us to be better and to be like you know what maybe we don't need. Maybe the punishing can be something that's not quite so cartoony, but the hot sauce has actually worked in like serious studies, so we used the noise and I think it was almost more insidious because we were able to say we've played it off like we didn't really know how loud it was or what was safe. We just said anything below a seven should be safe, your meaning should be safe. So if you crank that dial up secretly it's like a you could be really hurting someone right, but no one would know that it was you who did it? Will people be that cruel and in the end they were not really were they? No, they only ever responded in kind. It was I'm surprised by that. Never they never cranked it up. You could easily find people who would sure, but it's not quite as easy as anyone you want into a room, yeah yeah yeah now Michael, are you a tits or an ass man in the end, because we did never get an answer on that. I asked myself that every day really and did you ever find resolve within your soul on that issue, yeah, which is the answer you're a corner coordinated? How can you not love that I think I'm? Personally, it's a tough call between tits and ass, but I respect the that you dodged it and so I won't press you much much harder on that. Did I dodge it or horn is not. Aid is unless you're rubbing your dick on that corn later you're thinking too small. Oh, that's I see you so you liked it well corn. For me, when I see you eat corn reminds me more of like. Are you saying that you like vagina, the best because eating you're like eating corn dude raw corn, yeah, like when cuz when you eat corn, it is kind of like the coital we're? Not quite oh? What's it called? What's the technical name, when a man eats out of a woman, yeah kind of lingo, it's quite kind of really what you're talking about I'm just trying to eat my raw piece of corn he's a vagina man. I want to go to questions from the fans. We've got some great ones, yeah sure, but guys if you've got YouTube bred or not get it head on over to vsauce channel watch mine field season. 3 is therefore in the works is 3. The final season, mm-hmm, I, creamy and and uh dan has correct premium, YouTube premium. Sorry I can't say too much, I can't say too much, but you know what there's a lot of really awesome things on the horizon: a lot of opportunity, I'm making choking on corn right here. Let me just take a little sip people here in this analogy that I've painted Ethan you're really trying to connect some things here and I'm really glad you are, but corn has has gained a new depth unless that's what you originally meant, but you know minefield season for like it all comes back to that. Doesn't it yes, um I've been doing I've been doing a video every single week on the dong, Channel yeah Vsauce one will get a lot of fresh free videos this year, I'm very excited I bit off way. More than I could chew. Last year and I remember, it was literally December of last year. Wait! That's not very long ago December of 2010 I was working on an episode about torques and rotation, and it became the leaning tower of liar that I put on dogs. I didn't really have time to like make it as as kind of like complete as I wanted mm-hm and I needed to promote brain candy in Australia, and then I realized how little I knew about physics and classical mechanics and I, and calculus and I was like I need to get back to basics and I need to learn a lot so I have been reading. Oh and learning, that's I think I've become a better person and it's why I'm grateful that people are patient. Absolutely in the meantime, I've done more videos than I ever have dong is out there. Yeah one should be quite cute name. Oh great cool, well Michael you're, one of the hardest working people on YouTube. You are out there shaking your dick and people. You don't they're not on the court are in corn boy Pam, lucky lady. We cook it first, no, your wife is a lucky lady, dude I'm, a lucky man, but the way you chomp, corn, I'm gonna, stop chewing on corn. During this all right, let's go to the questions gap. Please number one on the list. We've got two other aks s. If you can do any experiment in the world without moral value, stopping you, what would you do? How would how would it not? How would it not stop me? Well, let's say ethical questions aside. Is there an experiment, you'd like to conduct the ethics, would normally stop you from doing yeah I mean let's say we're able like drinking hot sauce. God forbid right, let's say let's say we're able to create like artificial minds boy. Even then I might think that it should have rights. But let's, let's worry about that question a little bit later. I would really love to watch a human mind grow in isolation. Never learn a language never meet another human. There was a case of that. The wolf girl right or spirit, there's some really unfortunate cases when it's it's I mean it's child abuse, yeah of course, and so I mean yeah they're, even ancient experiments where they were like. Oh, we took these newborn babies and put them in a room and never did anything because we wanted to see what language they would speak. What is the like? The true first language of humans- and you know everyone's like? Oh, it was Greek, it was Hebrew or whatever, but obviously they never learned language right, obviously yeah, but their brains were still. You know, wired for grammar for thinking in the way that language works, but we don't know a lot because it's really hard to develop experiments on it. So I would love to get artificial muscle. Great answer, maybe minds that run it faster speed. So we can really see like seven years of learning in a day, but but that still raises problems like look. If you've got an artificial mind, it's that close to a human mind. It don't unplug it because yeah, it's gonna, have dreams and ambitions and hopes and fears. Yeah now, I now in the case of these children, who are like raised in captivity, are their brain development is stunted by never having learned language I, wonder I honestly, don't know enough. I know that it's incredibly detrimental, oh yeah, our brains are sponges and learn, and it's hard to learn language. If you don't learn it within the right period of time, when you're younger, the most famous case is genie and last I heard I think she is still alive. She's very old, she's um, a ward of the state of California. No one can find her or interview her, but yes, she was raised like locked in an attic and never learned to speak. I think she is capable of some things now mm, but yeah. That's when we really realize like how do you even frame your thoughts when you don't have language right? Well, you can it's not like people who don't speak, don't think right! Well, who don't have any language, because you can have people who have sign language or people who communicate in ways yeah if you're grown in isolation, you didn't communicate with people? Would you do? How would you yeah? How do you form thought you know? I act for inner dialogue actually asked Terrence deacon at Berkeley this that very question mm-hmm for the chimpanzee episode and it turned into a bonus. Clip and I literally, cannot remember what his answer was. He may have said: I, don't wanna put words in his mouth, but he he I think hazarded a guess about. What is it like? Are you conscious, if you don't have language like? Are they were like in our dialogue? I think, remember, there's a great book called things I believe, but cannot prove, and it's just tiny short little like paragraph answers written by some really smart people and I believe one of them I could be misremembering, but one of them was like I believe that you need language to be conscious, mmm and it and I was like jeez. It's full of crazy things like I. Look I'm like the director of this big Institute and I can't prove this, but here's my personal belief, that's great! That's cool, thought-provoking yeah! You know what I love I would love to clone human beings. I want to take a dude yeah clone them five times just much like the movie duplicity or whatever was called with Michael Keaton. Do they get Dumber every time? Are they how much like the original are they? These are in fascinating questions. I want to make duplicity, multiplicity! Thank you, Dan in real life. The problem is that when you clone a person awesome now you have a little like cell and it'll, become whatever the plasti cyst and fetus and whatever it it doesn't, come out of a machine. Fully-Grown, yeah I'd like at the age of 30 or something right baby did it has the same DNA as the adult. What happens if you raise yourself, though, like wouldn't that be wild, but you're, not new. You said yourself, you're raising is totally dis. Asked you mean right with the same ma. What do we do, but so much is not from we gotta cook. We have to circumvent that somehow. That would be a great experiment on environmental verse. Verse nurture, though, create the exact same literally army same person put the same fingerprints, for instance: don't come from your DNA. Identical twins have the same DNA but different fingerprints, because these just form through random motions in the womb. So I've even heard I. Think I've heard this from Adam Savage, who has twins he was like identical twins raised together, are more different than identical twins separated at Birth mmm. Because of that pressure to be different right. If you don't have someone to be different from you, just follow your nature more. This is all hypothetical. It's! The other thing we don't have. A lot of data on is like what is it like when twins are separated at birth, because we just don't do that mmm ever since mine field began, I've been like find me, twins separated at birth, and our teams have looked at. You know adoption agencies and they've gone and looked at other countries where there's a little bit less paperwork done on in the week. This happens more often, and we have not found. There's not later II, though every clue came out in like well now now it's been done, I don't know if this is like a true but or this is some fantastical like thing but I swear to god. I've seen a show about this, then an identical twin separated at Birth ended up marrying the same identical twins separately. So two dudes separate at Birth ended up marrying identical twins separately right, Michael I feel, like you know, the real story. I, don't know the real story, but I've heard so many of these Leah ripley's believe it but I've seen it twins separated at birth never knew each other existed and then they both have dogs named Bob and they both work as plumbers, and they both married women named Amy, and they you know, I, don't know how much of that is true. The Minnesota Twins study is the only one I can think of that's like a really classic rigorous, but a lot of work is still being done. It's just hard to find twins separated at bran. Next up, we've got what is your favorite unsolved scientific question, / phenomenon by buttholes with a Z at the end, Oh dr. buttholes? Yes, he's always got the greatest question: yeah my favorite unsolved unsolved or unsolvable. Whatever you like, I mean I'm, really I, love fundamentals, so I'm thinking the the the the multiverse theory. How can we develop an experiment or can we to really test how big our universe is? If it's infinite and extent, then, because there's only a finite number of quantum states you can have in a certain region, it's been calculated that, like a googolplex light-years away, just odds are there's another. You hmm, because if we have, if matter is all kind of the same everywhere, then you know we only live in this observable universe. That is its size depends on how fast light has traveled to us. But if there's there's no edge - as long as there's a wall, there's just more so we can't see it. We can't observe it. It can't affect us, it's always growing, but I guess what I'm trying to get at here is I heard in max tegmark some mathematical universe book just recently. The idea that the laws of physics themselves could be different right, because space itself can have maybe different states. Just like water can be ice and liquid and gas there could be other parts of the universe like all of it, not just the part we can see where space is different, where it's permeability to electromagnetic radiation is different and light. It operates, I, don't know, but the constants, the the concepts of conservation of momentum like these could literally be different, and we could try to replicate that if we had enough energy here, but basically it sounds very sci-fi but I'm, just troubled by the fact that it's like yep yep, light travels at that speed, and oh my god, but well. What I've heard about that is like multiverses, like different universes, could have different properties, but you're, saying it's possible the same universe. We have to define universe so universally early hustle reality every thought University of everything, yeah. Okay. So then, what would you call a parallel different space to like what we occupy? I guess with different properties of matter right, so I forget how what the diameter of our observable universe is. It's billions of light years right and it keeps getting bigger as light from further back reaches us. Finally, but like way over here, there's another, you know so it's of the circle region that could also have you know galaxies and earth, and but there are there, there different levels of multiverse like level-1 level-2. These are different theories and one theory allows for the possibility for the laws of physics themselves to be different from one to the other mm-hmm, and this leads to the whole question of like well. Of course, the laws of physics are what they are because lead the ones we have are conductive to things existing like us. That can ask why they exist right, but in a universe where I don't know, energy isn't conserved the same way or something you might just not be able to get complex life forms that can ever go now. What's this energy thing about mmm-hmm, so experimenting discovering? What's going on with all traveling faster than right, yeah I'd also like to do. Would you if you could go on a one trip journey around the universe? Yes, Peter light? Would you do it because if you travel the known universe at the speed of light, I, remember Carl Sagan, saying something like it would take you like 50 years, but by the time you got back to earth like a billion years would have passed or something would you take that spaceship right, uh well, as I get older, I feel less like I would yeah, because I'm not as alone I've got a wife. Yeah want to have kids, but I was like totally single I'd, be like now come back in ten years of my time to an earth. That's a million years older, yes, I'll, be a celebrity, but now I'm, like I kind of need to be here for the people in my life and now by the time you get back, they may have already been like dude. We already. Our science is crazy. We already figured all this [ __ ] out there there's a name for that problem. We're like I could get start on my journey and, like two seconds in people, show up there or five thousand and they're, like hey man like we're already like way ahead of you yeah your whole trip. That's mine, yeah! What's the point - it's like you come back, you know, I mean what could really did it to you right. You're, probably I goes to a lot of cosmic rays and radiation yeah you, you were a living piece of history, yeah you'll come back and they'll be like. Ah do you remember this band the beats list and you're like it's pronounced, Beatles and they're like we never knew because no recordings exist and you're able to like Br. Imagine if we had an ancient Egyptian, it could be like here's how we built them like I. Was there here's what my day-to-day life was? Here's and here's what my cognitive processes are like: here's, how I think and feel and how I described that we'd be like wow dude but we'll probably be able to upload brains for like in the next hundred years, and that whole trip will be like way more difficult to make. When we can do that, we can just you know, build a copy of my brain and I don't die I'm this consciousness that lives in a comedian near old Adam signing up for sculpture. What is why I'm here? Let me say this on that topic: I would not choose to live forever as a 3d printed neural, connectome I, don't want to be 3d printed. I just want to be in the cloud st. yeah, fine, yeah cloud, yeah I want to die. You do I, think it's important for me to be like all right. I'm done, mm-hmm, not soon yeah, but it's time for its yeah. It's time for someone else to be the adults. I want to be in the cloud. That's fine! That's per want to be in the cloud eating burgers and not getting fat forever. It's very personal, but see if you're in the cloud you kind of already moved on. It's like the not abuse dude in the matrix, I, there's a scene that guy he's eating the steak he's like I know the steaks real just put me back in the matrix cuz. The steak is delicious yeah. That's me, it doesn't have to be a real state. I identified more with him than Neil I wasn't putting me back. Maybe the deliciousness yeah I want a steak. It's real in a way. Yeah mine, I'd, kill all my friends for a steak. That's what he did basically well, the vegan yeah, that's true! Maybe it's getting in my head. What is what this is? Finally, here we've got. What is one question you would want to be answered in your lifetime? Oh jeez, oh well, easy for me! It's are we alone in the universe yeah. This is there. Okay, I mean just finding well some dope of what's out there right, just finding like bacteria yeah that clearly did not come from Earth contamination like it developed on its own hmm. That alone. Would that be great change? What are the chances? You think that there's a little something on Mars for us to discover I, think it seems, love based on that little squeak, I I think it's gonna be a bit low. To be honest, what are the chances that there's intelligent life out there unmarked out there I'd say a hundred percent yeah me too I'm, just yeah I'm convinced. Will we ever be able to contact them? Space is too big, I think zero percent. The thing is what like what is like? There's just it's, so it's just such a shame right. It's just such a shame. I feel like there's gotta, be a way like a hundred years ago, two hundred a thousand years ago, people couldn't fathom what it's like to be alive today, what it's like to use the internet. What is like the fly, what it's like to walk on the moon I feel like it's just such a shame that if there is other intelligent life out there, we're gonna, eventually we're gonna shake their hand and have a hamburger, and it's so limited, but we don't know how light. But that's the thing: maybe you been. Maybe you don't actually have to go the speed of light. Maybe you just have to bend space toss sure sure compress the space in between us, because space can mean that who did who knows standing right? Who knows what the mechanism there's a thing called like the Alcubierre drive is just a hypothetical idea for a spacecraft that curves and bends and stretches space behind and in front of it and can travel faster than light, because it's just the space that it inhabits there. If we could do that, then I we've reached a point where we need to start naming the years differently. Mmm. You know we say like bc-ad. That's like this big thing that, like separates humanity into two halves, if we develop faster than light travel or discovered, intelligent life and and like made contact, that's another one of those moments where it's like. Okay, there was a before, and there now there's an after, but also another scenario is like. Let's say that humanity can live an additional ten million years like we go the long haul yeah we go interplanetary we can spread. So slowly, but so inevitably, if we can just get to a new solar system, somehow that's we're going all the way. I mean it's just a matter of time, right, yeah and like how close is the next solar system like a Lightyear more than that, the nearest one? That's like habitable I, don't know not even yeah I mean we don't we don't totally know, but maybe we can hibernate right hibernate get in there hundred years. Maybe you know sure it's nerdi light-years away, 300 I, think they're even closer than that Michael I. Think there's one. That's like three like in single digits light-years away. We don't probably know everything, but the planets there, but you may as well go, might as well send some [ __, ], hamsters out and then cuz we're are we already erased ethics in our hypothetical anyway yeah we're not concerned about the ethics. No I'd rather send people than Walt's. Also robot, a lot of people say: robots are gonna, be the ones in they inhabit. I know I'm the Borg, but I should the robots get to have all that, but it makes sense because they don't even need to breathe the goddamn air. You don't need the air, they don't need anything yep, a little squirt of oil, presumably yeah I need to get greased up yeah. What were you guys doing when I got here? Everyone was like really greasy. Oh, we just I. Don't know why he had this small Commission. Oh thank you guys were kidding. Cuz Michael came in is like no one would listen Michael. These are a good bunch of people. I resent you calling them, but your smoke machines are using oil not like whatever liquid or whatever the what smoke machines. What are we talking about boiling some upcoming, like big vape? No, we have an old smoke machine that was just in one of the bins with blankets and stuff. I was just going through it and found a bunch of the liquid on everything you got all Gouda like it spilled out. Yeah yeah that'll. Do it it felt oil e. So we said well, yeah, that's don't know, don't introduce yourself that way. Sorry I'm a crazy right now, I'm a mess, hi Jean well, unfortunately, I think that most likely computers, the robots are gonna, are gonna, be the ones to get all the fun, but will they enjoy it? No, probably not and another philosophical question: if we send a bunch of robots out to space and they end up colonizing the whole Milky Way, do we even how do we even know like, even if they pass the Turing test or whatever and they're like self-aware? How do we even know that there is anything inside those tin boxes and you could just be sending out a bunch of tin boxes to colonize all of the Milky Way and they're, just acting out of programming and impulse, but truly they're, just empty boxes? I could say the same about you know you cannot, how do I know the Box? How do I know that you're, not a philosophical zombie? You act like a human, but you have no internal self awareness or consciousness I'm telling you this I know listen. Robot with we took a picture of corn together yeah made of really blurry I told you about the flavor of the corn. Did you really feel that flavor or are lonely horn, taste, good and creamy yeah I said I'm just being really yeah you're already a robot racing, it's safer to just assume by the way, that's gonna be super insensitive. 100 years beep boop boop, boop, yeah, you're gonna be canceling. Everyone connected Michael was such a [ __ ] back then they will it'll, be robots being like I can't believe this. My theory is doing his robot impression: robot beep, boop I have no soul. Robot wow, wow, wow wow, oh, send me out to outer space with oil yeah how rude, but in my defense, robots now are very different than robots in the future. That said, it's probably safest. Just always assume that's something. Some has consciousness and a mind like even a cockroach. Just you know what I don't. Yes, he convinced that you don't have a hope for tomorrow. So I'm not gonna, kill you. Thank you. Hela doesn't feel that way, though you're just like give me that meat sandwich, oh [Music], I, think the show went off the rails when we stop talking about poop, yeah I didn't want to say, but it definitely happened. It was like. Was it like the first five minutes? No I was like yeah. If you get us off poop, it's just really bad I'm trying to get there's any other huge things to talk about I mean aliens. Is it really? The other one would be kind of like I would like to see a fully kind of sustainable like if we could harness the sun's energy yeah truly and fully. That would be fantastic, we'll get there. I don't have any just imagine having like basically unlimited free energy. Yeah I mean that is something in it a space elevator. So we can get stuff out there as to much less effort where there any questions. People ask that you were like I cannot ask him that what's the worst Quan was, and he went one well, it's not that it was I can't ask. It would just seem kind of dumb was. Why is the pea stored in the balls? No one knows that was like the number two. All we know is that it is right. So what were you supposed to surprise me today? Zack? Did you assume what some goose? What was it the giddy up, some Kramer stuff, you, okay, you got me I, don't know what you're talking about I told Zack our sound lad. I said I want surprised me today hit me with so uh yeah yeah yeah blow me out of the water Diddy. Oh, he hit me with some Kramer's there's one yeah. He did good. He tried his best. Those are never get old. Did you just make that noise by pushing a button? No, though, what all these buttons do, they do and the best one I was really enjoying that I always wanted to be in a Curb, Your, Enthusiasm love. You want to take a shot. What do these pay? What oh wow? It's really easy to know what they are yeah, it's like a toy. It's got gifts! Listen to this I am a robot I, don't have rights! The future calling dari Michael your scumbag I'm. Sorry, it's a tension, no yeah. No, that would you're right. It's a it's. A song for our game shows watch this here. Watch this thanks for playing [Music], [ __ ] again this is the h3 podcast. Did it work down channel no okay hold on you. Looking for you looking for transcendence yeah wait. Why does it say ring I think it? It must have been pointed at the wrong I should be. You got a money, sound effect in me with it yeah, probably not, but here's a gazebo here you this one, should work or watch the preview. So we've got that on the sound board, whose idea was over there. Probably collaborative effort I really want to push this one. You ready yeah, go ahead, you're, so close an by a fan of the finer thing. I was look, I've been a fan, I mean you know, I, don't to say that I like made him yeah, but I was so much original content. How could come from one person, yeah I know he's fantastic. Why? Why did I start B sauce so flow yeah? Inspired me, yeah I was like how can I ever attain? I won't lie. This is me when I'm Vsauce Michael inspired well actually, interestingly, that was that when I first found Liza Co, she- and we interviewed her for that video because he stole he was like I won't lie. This is me when I'm driving, you know, and it was her videos yeah unless her video and it went like mega viral on Facebook I got like 50 million views, man, those are the because those are the good times. You know. What's at I, don't remember the video that comes after his intro right. What was the it was just Liza dancing in the car that is so totally sofala when he's driving, though yeah no totally so you could tell you can tell he won't lie, you can tell he just like snapped that on his phone while he was driving like just on the way to somewhere and threw it up on Facebook just boom, it's so genuine, it's! So in the moment, it's so candid yeah. You can't build instincts like that born with, let's send so flow to Mars I. Think there's a chance there's something under there, though deep down yeah, you know what let we deep down where it's warm I think there might be some [ __ ] it'd be cool if we found proof of some kind of life and realized. Oh man, life began on Mars, oh when the Sun was I, don't know, I think it was or more cooler in the past I. Don't know, don't quote me on this stuff, but then asteroid hits Mars eject some stuff makes its way to earth lands and then comes back to life. All of a sudden now we're here. What do you call that same thing with sperm, pan sperm yeah I? Just remember me: panspermia! Isn't that amazing, unlike pan poo Pia, which is the correct way to cook poop and permeate, does make a lot of sense, though doesn't? Is it cut it's kind of like the macro version of pollination yeah? You know yeah, and it makes it easier to understand how something that would seem unlikely could happen. We already have a lot of time, universe's old, so it's crazy stuff will happen like self-replicating molecules, DNA whatever, but if you allow it to happen anywhere in the universe and then it can spread almost like a cancer of course we're here, almost almost yeah well I'm on a vegan diet and I'm farting and [ __, ] god, and so I probably should hit the John I've been having diarrhea since I started this vegan diet. What are you eating? I? Don't know if you're eating well well, I think I am a lot of lots of beans so, from before I had a I had a meal a day of eating so putrid it turned me vegan I had like McDonald's and I ate it and then I made a pizza in heel. Didn't want any and I ate it all and I was like bro did you have to hit rock bottom? Sometimes I did I did I hit rock bottom and I was like man I want to see. My son turn like 20 at least yeah, so um I said, went vegan but I'm having diarrhea and I feel sick and tired and scared. That's not good, you should feel and confute at or you should really check out like good vegan. Restaurants just want to go to just take what you normally eat and throw out the meat in it. Yeah like really look at I've, been eating like order out Mexican food almost in almost exclusively is often vegan. It's definitely vegetarian and delicious mmm, the Indian kitchen, all I'm, not afraid to just shout them out. They are the best Indian kitchen yeah. They don't deliver - winner, my wife and I live now, so we just have to drive out and get it. Oh, it's worth the drive where they located. What part of the time you don't want to say no Maps it. Okay, you don't know, look I'll! Look it up. I was just curious. If it's close to us uh, probably not so well, then it okay I thought you did a little twist. I thought you were gonna, say it's probably not close, but what he ended up doing. Hela, the saying is probably not so bad. We should end the show yeah cuz I've got a silver chest. I want to unlock in kitchen is so West Hollywood, that's uh, that's okay, we're living in an apartment right now, as we renovate. How are you renovating? Is it though? So it's not the house I visited. You won! No, no! Well! Congratulations by the way. I think that it's not terrific, a huge though yeah, is it at uh. Would you call it your dream home I mean my wife's gonna be living there so yeah? Oh my gosh! This is definitely me when I bought my dream home. No we're really happy it's so cute. Our first like trip together, was to that same area- oh just like, but the point of all of this was the Indian Kitchen. We hope I would love to be sponsored by like super local brands, not be like hey uh, you know, Skillshare, calm, go and use this code. I'd rather be like you know the Indian Kitchen 325 Alameda Street. They would get their money's worth, they would yeah. You could look like if we were sponsored by a local restaurant I feel like we would blow them up. People would want to go eat there. You know what I didn't invent this concept. I think the Dana Carvey show did this like every episode had a sponsor and it began with like Mountain Dew Doritos, big ones, and then the final episode was like you know. Mr. Lee's Chinese restaurants like across the street from the studio cuz like he just his ratings were so low. The only sponsor- and it was hilarious but I would love to do that. Like just shot a thing, a great idea, we should add like an extra sponsor at the end of every one, yeah there's the West Hollywood area, and you need thimbles here's this tiny little store. It's only open on Sundays yeah and everyone's like wow. That is not relevant to 99.999% of your audience, but to the 0.1% they're going love it all right. Well, I'm gonna go bank a poop, okay drop it off. I'm gonna make a nasty diarrhea. Do you have but I'm vegan, so it counts for something great. Yes guys. Thank you all for watching season. Two is off with a bang yeah, a bang that sounds like this, but Michael. First of all, thank you so much for coming. My congratulations on all your continued success in hard work right back at you. Congratulations to both of you! Obviously so excited yeah me too uncle Michael, oh sure, yeah yeah! You don't have to you can be on you shouldn't ha ha, but you could I cut. You are Uncle Michael. Now this minefield season 3 is out right. Effing now not on YouTube read, that's not a thing, but on YouTube premium YouTube premium get yourself ad free YouTube why they chant. What is that? What are they doing? Because they're, you know what they're doing they stopped, making read series and they're putting on I never liked the name. Youtube sounds like porn, so maybe that's what they're doing. Finally changing from the beginning, it was so poorly conceived, YouTube, red, ok, great, so now we're going into the YouTube part of the podcast. This is all I guess everyone knows. What's going on, it's very doable, just let us how much time we have on the outro yeah we can. We can stop but I'm curious, yeah, you're, right, Ethan, they're, putting the original shows in front of the paywall now yeah, because I think YouTube is realizing. You know what what makes us wait. In my opinion, what makes YouTube different from Netflix and Hulu and Amazon, and all that is that anyone can be there and like really niche creative people can thrive like someone who just reviews bathrooms can and get a big following, and so it's earnest as beautiful, but Netflix would never give them a show, but YouTube I think they think more of like we have relationship with advertisers. We have the biggest global reach. The most eyeballs Netflix is huge, but YouTube has more people globally right, so they're like what's get advertisers to sponsor original shows, put it in front of the paywall, which is awesome because I want more people to sign. So absolutely it's awesome that YouTube's premium YouTube read allowed me to make a show that I'm really proud of, but I would rather more people see it. Yeah, it couldn't exist without the paywall, maybe someday at some big-ass hands, but then we got a brand. Now it's like what kind of control do they have yeah, because YouTube was pretty good like self analysis, but we crossed that hurl. It was fine, but I I, don't I want content, that's made for the viewer. It's not made at the behest of the billionaire corporation I hear you. What can I say? I am the most perfect purse. You are a man of people, alright, guys thanks for watching next week. Do we have a guest next week or we going balls out we're gonna ball out next week we may have fouseytube, but maybe that might happen to be determined nobody's watching anymore yeah. How long do people just watch it till they're like alright we're at that point? I, don't know what it is but we're there I mean the live. Viewers numbers not changed that much yeah we're holding steady. What do we at like 50 people 15? You should do find a way to like really see if anyone can go the marathon with you like. Well, we would correct that's awesome. I'd love to just have that on I didn't watch I'm, not I, don't support you yeah sure! I! Don't are am I you don't know you won't know. Well, I, don't know if you watched all eight hours, I mean that'd, be insane I wouldn't be surprised if you flipped it on for a moment, but just to check in yeah yeah. Of course. Alright, let's send this looks a mess before we get to eight hours. All right so see you next week, thanks all for joining god bless get some corn and get some corn. This raw corn is really something check it out, really sweet. That's a good bite, good yeah, alright, bye, everybody, yeah I'm waiting for you all right. Goodbye, [Music], [Music],.