Oh, my god, this gasp is gonna like destroy everything that we know until it breaks the Gatsby is gonna get me deported. We are one hand someone one of our neighbors banged on the door they banged on the wall. What's the problem, I can't make a little noise in my own office. Oh the door just opened, welcome everybody, they say pocket. We're gonna need a new door. Today's episode is sponsored by yours, truly Oh, Jay, Simpson and hello. Not OJ, Simpson, hello, fresh and ring is sponsored by. We have no affiliation with OJ. They give their friends just to be clear. We are affiliated with hellofresh and ring today. I come to you with the news that Eva has undergone her oath ceremony and you turned in your green card and it's official. You are a full-blown US citizen. Now I cannot afford it. I just got here from the ceremony right and it was so weird to give them my green card. I feel like it's part of my identity, yeah sure that green card- it's like you, always got to have it on you and now it's like it's not on me, and so you hire stranger Fickett, but I'm I'm curious. They gave me a certificate and I guess now: I can apply for it passports. What you need is the passport right. Wow. Congratulations! That's really exciting. Thank we've. Also. I have footage of that. Actually, here, I have footage of us, so I had no idea what to expect, and there were so many people like to be exact. There were 3,700 people just in my ceremony, I think they do it. 3700 yeah I thought it was gonna, be like 20 people, I didn't meet my phone man honestly by ringing on the door. I got my phone blown up. That was a ring notification by the way. Yeah. That's what it sounds like calm sponsor this episode, bring accomplished h3, so I thought it would be like 20, maybe 20 people and I thought I'm gonna go in a stage. Thomsen shakes your hand. Yes, that I was gonna, read the oath and we were gonna record it. It's not at all you're like one of literally 3,700 people, and then they read the oath on this stage and then everyone repeats it well. I guess we are in, like the second most populated city in America, mm-hmm meet that we'll check that but mmhmm yeah Los Angeles is number 2 by New York. So I guess I shouldn't be surprised that you had so many people there, but god damn yeah. So it looks like they do it a few times a day. - I, don't know what a few times a day, maybe not marry it's not every day. I, don't know how frequently they do it, but it looked like it was set up for more than one holy ceremony. So tell me about what was tell me about it. You were in there with 4,000 people. What would happen? What happened? Lots of waiting and waiting and then they had a few music videos. Oh really yeah. That's pretty funny like like why. Why was America weird like music thank God for the USA, oh and the founding fathers, and well that's, and then we had a video from Trump congratulating us What did he say he said I. Don't remember like you know, congratulating us and then that it's very special I'm surprised you didn't throw in some like congratulations on becoming a u.s. citizen. Half of you I wish, would have not passed the exam I'm working to that. No. But what did you feel like a like an honor, because I saw you guys, someone saying the hose that star-spangled banner you made the oh did it feel lighter. Like I mean you know pretty nice and pretty there was an emotional part with the judge. There's like it's like they make it a court, even though it's just it's not I, think back in the day, yeah we'll have one due to one court all right, so it needs to be a court. So there was a judge there well and she said that it's very like like emotional for her cuz. She was once in our shoes, oh so that was kind of cool. That is cool. She got Theory really yeah, but she told her story of she came here with her parents and she tell that have twice a day. That story, though I don't know, and she twice a day, I wonder that too. What if that was just a special thing for maybe, but the room was probably electric, because a lot of this big dildo to a lot of the people in that room I mean every yeah. That room was probably yeah deal and they kept saying this is your day and everyone's, like yeah I saw that they were all going crazy from their American flags. Yeah, it's a beautiful thing. Man, marriage is so great. It's good cuz. You got to become an Israeli citizen and like what was that, for you he's not no there's nothing yeah! Basically, there's there's nothing! It's true! America they make it. They make it a special thing because it is I. I love, America I've, been learning about America a lot through year, I mean stuff that I already knew that I learned as a child but stuff that you can't really appreciate as a young child, but as an adult when you learn about the founding fathers and and what they went through, and why and thank you and why they established this beautiful America, the thirteen states they came together to what the ideals that freedom that men can govern themselves, that freedom is an inalienable right bestowed upon us by the one true creator that no man could ever take away. These are ideas that had never been ingrained in a government before democracy was born here in America and put into action action. The American experience is just incredible: did you know that George Washington owned, like 300 slaves and upon his death? He freed them all, because he came to learn that slavery was a. Was it what it did not work with their idea of what freedom meant. He came to understand that, through the influence of people like Alexander Hamilton, while his old life was against slavery, these men, they fought and died. Your heart think no I just get excited, I, love, ya, I, love, democracy and I love, America yeah. We, the people, I, know that now and oh they had someone sing the national from the video okay. That was pretty cool. It's beautiful and I finally understood the lyrics. Like you know, I always hear it and I have no idea what they're saying, because it's kind of hard they give you a lyrics, yeah I like that. It says that it's the home of the free and the brave that's right home of the holy land of the brave yeah. It's true the men who fought you know when the Revolutionary War went down, everybody thought America had no [ __ ], chance, Great Britain the kingdom that greatest empire that ever existed to that point, the world power. It was a world superpower. They America was supposed to get their face, stomped in mm-hmm, but these they are brave and they are free, [, __ ] did it they beat the English dude. Do you know what I'm saying yeah we just watched that Alexander Hamilton. So this is why George Washington is such a badass I love their name and the fourth George Washington. They say he's the best one. He a lot of people say is the best president of all time. He set that precedent. People wanted him to be king, but he said no I will only serve two terms. I will set this important precedent because we are a democracy. We are not a monarchy mm-hmm, it's crazy, all this stuff that we're just used to the American exactly we need to. We need the room anyway. Thank you for becoming a citizen I'm, so proud of you and I'm glad that nobody could kick you out of the country now for our high jinks. So if you kill somebody, you cannot be deported, you can lose your right to vote, but you cannot be deported. You can still be on Twitter. Yes, you can still tweet nobody. Yes, the founding fathers say freedom is an inalienable right and as well as tweeting, have the freedom to bear twitter, honey. Mm-Hmm tweeting is an unalienable right. So here let's watch this video of you sending that video that I got it. This is like a Google my. Why not one day game and this mag that's when I was like oh [, __ ]. This is real when they hand you the flag on the way oh and you're, walking. Actually hello, [, __, ] yeah, damn I was never issued a flag a little bit and your mom was sitting at the back of they separate you from the applicants and the guests, and your mom was with theatre, and there were so many people and I gave her my phone, because we wanted her to record. If there's any good footage and I wasn't sure if her phone was good, so I was sitting with no phone, it was like maybe for three hours and lots of waiting with no phone is pretty horrible feeling and then I'm unalienable right. The eye I couldn't see them. There were so many people I had no idea where they were and then I kept hearing like babies. Crying I was like oh [, __ ]. What is it going on? I hope. The theatre is fine, but just to give you guys an idea, yeah yeah, exactly you can't see so many [ __ ] people on the left. That's all the applicants. All of this and on the right is all the guests. Where was it? Was it in a big stadium? Yeah, remember where um III was 300 the convention? Where was it? What all right? Convention Center? Oh yeah, it's Dan, oh my goodness, so the government's shelling out some major dollars to rent to rent a space man yeah holy [, __ ]. They could you know they could just give you a certificate and say: oh, but they they go that extra mile. They do and that's feel special because, let's face it, our forebears fought hard and long during the Revolutionary War. When they said you won't stand a chance when the 13 original States, the half of them didn't even want to fight, because they didn't think that we stood a chance to get the English. But there was a special few who stood up and said: no. We will not stand against tyranny about with taxation without representation. We will not stand without religious freedom, freedom of speech, freedom of the press. We have these unalienable rights, we have the pursuit of happiness like liberty and justice for all. These are the American ideals that we would put a flag in the sand, and we said this is America and we fought huh and we died. We starved we ate our horses. We were famished hey. Yes, we ate our horses because we had a lack of supplies that heroin. You know what I'm saying and goddamnit Liam. When that white flag waved, we look to God and we said freedom is my god-given birthright. Then no man could ever take and I bow my head in reverence until I, forked and I thank God and Jesus in George Washington, first of his name, Mount Vernon that stands forever. So I have a dumb question hoots now that I know all the figures who's on the amount and the Mount Rushmore yeah. So let's see we've got we got. We got George Washington here. Let me pull it up. Father of our country, he is the father of our country, George Washington such a [ __, ] badass. You know people always try to scrutinize him, because a lot of people go back in history and they try to be like rewrite and try to figure out how this guy was a George. Washington is one of the only people in American history that stands up to scrutiny he's described by those who knew him as a god-like figure. He was, he was a principled. He was fair. He was balanced. They said of him first to war first to freedom. George washing is what he said of him. You know what I'm saying dude this guy is such a badass. He owned a bunch of slaves. He was born into a family that owned slaves. He inherited his slaves from his family, so he you know when you're, when you were raised that way, it's difficult and I'm such a divisive issue at the time, but near the end of his life. He came to understand that it was at odds the ideals of freedom. You have George Washington here, wait for it. Jefferson come on hold on Thomas Jefferson, yes was he like? He was the guard. President Thomas Jefferson was the third president right. He was that he was the political rival of Alexander him. Yes, he was from the south. Hamilton was in charge of big government. He's going to establish the Federal Reserve Hamilton was opposed to all the or Jefferson was opposed to all those things, but he was a great American, obviously Teddy Roosevelt the one and only and of course Abraham Lincoln nice. So a testament to our great to our great leaders came before us very cool yeah, that's pretty sick that they just like [ __, ] yeah, apparently is supposed to be a more epic, but they like ran out of funds and stuffed working I. Think yeah I think that's you like [ __ ], this stone man who's got time for this [ __ ] yeah, something to finish it I think Trump should be up there. No Trump would do that right. The Commission himself to be added. That honestly looks incredible, though here's that go I wanna go there. Look at that. That looks so good chopped into the mountainside. That's sick, dude, Teddy Roosevelt was one of the most badass human beings ever Teddy Roosevelt was like used to ride into war dude with the Rough Riders and [ __ ] kill Indians bro. You would killed so many Indians I think it probably is, but he's the one to be fair. All these guys probably killed [ __ ] loads Indians. Yes, that's true, but he's the one that established national parks mm-hmm. He was like he was all about nature and preserving the beautiful nature of our country. Teddy Roosevelt, George, Washington Oh such a legend. God bless his soul anyway. Congratulations ela! Thank you, we're all very proud of you. We by the way. The main thrust of this episode is that we have got an investigative journalist on the ground at area 51 on September 21st, the day of the event, tiny, no 20th. Whatever was he was there on the day of the event, Ground Zero interviewing people talking to people. We've got that here today, an HP podcast exclusive mm-hmm. So that's: what's coming up a little bit later we had our Teddy fresh rip and dip event in New, York City, that's where we were last Friday. It was a blast was ahead. It was so much fun. I. Thank everyone who came out. I mean the turnout was amazing. I was whenever I do these meetups I'm, all the back of my mind, I'm, like bye people here yeah the morning of we were both kind of like scared that no one's gonna show up or something. But you know you I, don't know man, you guys just you just never know what to expect. Yeah I know, but you guys are hey. You know we're not making like YouTube video like main video, so I don't know if people [ __ ] whatever, but they came out. You guys came out and it was wholesome. It was beautiful. We had armed guards there, they didn't even have to draw. The security was amazing. They were armed. Just so any of you guys know that you were buying some [ __ ], but they didn't have to another weapon. No, it was fantastic. Here's some of the footage I haven't seen this. Actually, everyone was telling us the line was crazy, but I mean we couldn't really know what were there for five hours from 11:00 till 4:00 I, don't know what time this was. You know that a French faces in the crowd, man, you guys, are awesome good. There was all kinds of people onto the street looking into the windows like I think they probably expect someone more famous mm-hmm they're like who's in there all these tourists. You know because we're in like a fashion district of Manhattan and I love that piece and but man everyone was so nice. I was just so happy yeah. Damn it was so sweet. It was so cool. It's nice to just people like you know, I, listen to your podcast lots of comments on a podcast yeah lots of nice words for you guys back there by the way, yeah Ian and Dan, and lots of happy birthdays. -, Zach, yep I said oh yeah. This girl, we were just gonna leave and this girl was Gatlin. Okay, we should do a podcast meet up sometime for you, for you guys to meet everyone. This is a band where we couldn't see everyone yeah, this music, sick, dandy. Third I window thanks I wrote it myself: okay, rippen dip, calm! You can still grab the collection, although a lot of it's sold out, which is insane -, there's the main pieces are still there, the hoodies and stuff. Thank you guys, oh my god, I'm a flattered beyond words: I'm humbled, I'm, flattered I'm, thrilled and I'm, especially glad that security didn't have to kill any money. But I went up to the security. I was like yo. You guys just keep your eyes open. It's a crazy time, keep your finger on the trigger Oh and, as we took taxis to the meet-and-greet one for us and one for my mom and my sister, who were all also there. They came to watch the other and we get out and about to start the meet and greet. And then he things like, oh [, __, ], I, don't have my back yeah everything even lost his bag alone. Thing yeah! Well, I want to be one of the rip and dip people tracked him down. Somehow and I got all my [ __ ] back yeah, but ain't, but I was amazed now dude, yeah, I would've been so [ __ ] without that, but anyway, I was to the security. I was like keep your finger on the trigger bro you ready to draw at any moment. So luckily nobody died, but thank you guys for coming out seriously and you don't know how close you were to being killed my day. So I was like if anyone hugs me too long, bro, that's what I said to them. So some of you guys who are really enthusiastic to meet me may have died on this day. So but anyway, nobody died and I'm just very thankful for that right, ela, I! Guess that crowd sounds so cool man anyway, yeah trip and dip calm. If you want to grab some pieces, there's a lot sold out. It's doing incredibly well, I'm, so I'm, so thankful, most lecture there and what I do want to say a lot of times. People ask so this stuff. We we don't restock it's a one-time thing. Okay, just so, you know if you're wondering that's how it goes and that's how we like to do it with that collab yeah I'd be rare, it's a national thing, yeah they are available at Zumiez, -, yeah yep, exactly but the plush doll the slippers ooh beiiy be anyway. That's all the good things have been going on in our life and I. Also before we get into all the meat and potatoes I want to give a happy and gay or happy wedding to yours, truly [Applause]. Look at the beautiful married I mean love these two such sweet. These two are so sweet, so congrats on aisle of both of them. We should send them again. Yeah I, totally missed that I just actually did just happen. Yeah, okay, they look great Jason clean up. First of all, she looks beautiful yeah. Your gown is beautiful, but she's a pretty girl that doesn't surprise me Jason cleans up like one time. I saw him. He like cut his hair and he looked real nice. The second time ago, vodka. He cleans up good man. He looks good dude, that's really nice I love these guys. God bless them. All! God bless everybody. Just don't hug me too long or I will pull a weapon on you right either. No, okay, let's see I did the Gatsby entry I had knocked the door off the hinges. We talked about all this. Okay see nice. That is joining us on Friday. There's question thread on this table ready for that Casey nice. That, ladies and gentlemen, that's cool, we've got all kinds of [ __ ] I was really organized, but now my dog is a [ __ ] mess, because it's not your fault, Dan cuz! You just did what I told you to do, but he put a bunch of links at the top and it I thought I could handle it, but I can't and it's just throwing me off completely so I've got all I've got like a cringe trifecta here for us today. It's a trinity of cringe I've got a pregnancy cringe, I've got a cringe. Pants and I've got a cringe interview. It's a trifecta they're, all special, wonderful, beautiful cringe, snowflakes of their own decorating. Let's start with the cringe pregnancy, this one was making its rounds on Twitter quite popular. If I'm being honest with you guys, it's got almost 9 million views on Twitter. My first reaction was I was like man. These guys got to be youtubers or something this [ __ ] is so corny, but in actuality, I think it was a tick tock I mean there are love pits yeah. The vertical kind of tells me that it was not you two there's pits of hell lower than YouTube like Dante's uh. You know Dante's levels of Hell, so I thought YouTube was the lowest level, but apparently not now. First of all, ABC News I mean what what the [ __ ]. Are you doing? Why? Who are you they go? You were my best friend, soul, mate and just in a few pushes you'll be the most amazing mother or daughter. Could ever ask for that's annoying statement. Just a few bushes she's, not even in labor. By the way I mean it is but she's not like on the she's, not in the delivery room, but it's almost like rude, it's more than just a few pushes like shut up right. Just a few pushes that's all that it yeah just a few tears your whole body's gonna tear also just some months of recovery. Maybe she won't be the best mother and a couple pushes maybe takes time, maybe being parented a little more to it than a couple pushes dude. Well anyway, why is ABC tweeting this? They say husband of the Year surprises pregnant wife, with book of motivational message to encourage her during two-day labor. Now guys think about this, the the notepad is pouring out to torch the camera, my uh Michael from Schmo yo. So here you could read it right. This is the orientation you cannot. She can't even read. What's on the paper, can you read that ela that's review I mean to be fair. The text is really big. Okay, but dude, it's not facing me. Well, we got a watch because I don't understand angle, yet alright, husband of the year I got competition here. Illa ABC News ain't, [, __ ]. They got inmates we dating videos about my ass being husband of the year. I can already tell you the motivational messages. Isn't the last thing I would want to hear that's what I keep seeing a lot of women saying like if my husband tried this [ __ ] during the but anyway this is all [ __ ]. They planned this ahead of time for views its look at the shot. What their stunts like dude homie, said. Okay, I, see what you mean: yeah, it's not even facing thinker like I, don't read it! Maybe if she squinted, she could read it if it's for her. Why isn't him facing her yeah because they wanted to put her stomach in the shot to sell it right? This is probably not even his first take if I'm being honest. Okay, now I have a lot of questions. You guys will notice that there's two songs playing at the same time why the [ __ ] this bothers me. Then nobody points it out. There's two songs at the same time, they're not even in harmony. There's like a soft piano. Riff and dude strumming a guitar and they're different [ __, ] songs, bro. Why? What the [ __ ] okay breathe baby like we've been practicing. Did you notice your documents not facing her yet idiot I've been your biggest fan. Look, how she's rubbing her belly to look I've laughed at the same joke ten thousand times, I, don't know which melody to jam to what's worth it like. When do you call a bear with no teeth? What do you cuz I, want a gummy bear bro seriously move the [ __ ] on also our issue. Is she deaf? Why is she not talking he's? You know I'm like? Why is no one talking the music yeah? How is nobody pointing out that there's two songs playing and conflict at the same time that the just pulled away like that anyway, I get the feeling he's blasting through it too right, like he's trying to time it like yeah, there's a time limitation on Instagram or something breathe. Baby young guys are telling me to breathe only the nurse. By the way you Britt you breathe. When you have a contraction like only the nurse. Can tell you to breathe, in my opinion, three Bush. No, don't push it's like you're, not doing anything. So you have to not say anything. Oh yeah, there's this moment. She goes up. Wait there's a great moment here when he goes. He basically is like oh yeah. This is my favorite luscious. He goes. People ask us. This is the best line ever did so romantic. He goes when people ask how we made it this far. What the [ __ ] you talking about! You look like you're 22. We made it this far. I, don't know, then maybe there's like known somewhere, but I call them. Ok, I tell them a lot of Prayer a lot of patience. He's basically saying I cannot stand you. How do we make it? This far, a lot of Prayer and a lot of patience for your dumb [ __ ] gummy bear joke. You know what I'm saying like I'm, not flattering: you're, not you're, not a hundred years old you've been together for, like 80 years, yeah a lot of Prayer. If how are you guys still together? If somebody asks you going to God right? That's not a compliment. Somebody goes hell. How did you guys? You guys are? You know I think I've been together so long, a lot of Prayer and a lot of patience, that's something you would hear from like your parents, after 50 years of marriage, yeah with like a hint that they hate each other yeah a lot of patience, a rough a few rough times already. This is your first pregnancy. She gets me: okay, breathe baby, oh my god! No patronizing! Every time, I see that breathe and wink the night. Before our wedding day we were sued, some advice. We'll never forget it said, don't forget to prayer. We are going to be tested, but there is no test we can't face together. That's the advice bro just like in the vows after two years of being married, that's it prayer patience after two years dog. Did you plenty of flats to you? What's a test at the Testaments like [ __ ] [ __ ] hit the fan like they're having an awful like. What's an argument? Oh a pregnancy lost all no. He finally got his good man. You look like idiots. Damn they've been through plenty of prayer and plenty of patience, man he like yeah, he gone and did it to you man he had to do it to him. I got sucked into okay. Fine I'll give you that, but I still do not condone two songs at once that [ __ ] is [. __ ] up [Laughter], don't tell me to breathe, breathe. It's like yeah, obviously I'm breathing I'm not trying to die anyway, yeah I'm over this [ __ ], but like bro you're facing the camera you're not facing her hello right yeah. So you and you read this so you're not doing it right. You got a point in bit into the camera yeah. So it's like that. Can you read that no I mean with that sighs? Not fired, probably meant, but it's like this I'm going, okay, breathe, baby, breathe you're the most and it says like you're, the most breathtaking yeah I, like some more. Some of them were kind of long to get the camera to by the way he's not even looking at her he's facing the camera. So he's doing like this yeah honestly I would be pissed, because if you were trying to make like a deal a video out of it, yeah well she's in on it all right, Ditka Steve she's in there rubbing her belly in whatever I. Just don't know why a be Sue's, ABC news got to get involved. You know what I mean, there's two songs playing out once what the [ __ ], just being slightly thick in my mouth, I, feel hate in my heart for this man, if my husband did this was in labor, I would have punched him in the face. Exactly that's my feeling. My feeling is just like ready to punch I'm sure this is an acceptable grounds for divorce and I. Think that's when I knew the marriage was over. He was definitely in on it. Guys, set up the camera and everything how the [ __ ] a BC news, gonna tweet that and then tweet about Nancy, Pelosi and Alan hearing like come on. You can't have it both ways: dude husband of the year, all right! So that's cringe. That's one aspect we're at a break time. Let's take a break, we got two more crazy to breathe. You ten breathe the trend, the cringe, Trinity and then we've got area 51 on the ground reporting you guys this is uh. This is a big deal. Okay, we'll be right! Back hello, fresh is America's number one meal kit get easy: seasonal recipes and pre measured ingredients delivered right to your door. All you got to do is cook and enjoy and if you guys go to hell of fresh calm, / h3 podcast, 80 you're gonna get eighty dollars off your first month of hellofresh. That's a freaking massive discount. Now, let me tell you about hello, fresh, it's simple. You get step-by-step recipes with pre, measured ingredients. All you have to do is follow the instructions that they put on the sheet and you're gonna have a WOW worthy dinner on the table in just about 30 minutes, and you get to say goodbye to endless grocery store trips. Takeout food forget about it. You're gonna get a nice home-cooked meal right. Freakin there easy as pie. You get all the joys of cooking without all the schlep. You know what I'm saying delicious break out of your dinner up with hello, freshest, 20 plus seasonal chef, curated recipes each dang week, you got flexible, you can add an extra meal to your weekly orders as like some bomb-ass garlic, bread or cookie dough. You can change your delivery days. Food preference skip a week whatever you want. Look, for example, here. Look at this week. Look at this [ __, ], crispy, Parmesan, chicken Juicy Lucy burgers. Are you freaking Kimmy pork, carnitas tacos I mean tell me when to stop I'm, not stopping so severe, they add geladas. It's got five stars dude! It's in the Hall of Fame, apparently truffle, umami blast burger, come on and they're gonna. Send you everything with instructions, pre packaged and you can even my mom couldn't [ __ ] this up and my mom's British. She was some. She burns, water, literally I've, cooked patella, fresh I. Think it's a lot of fun, meaning he'll love doing it. You get all the food, it's exciting! You see. What's in the box, you cook it up yeah, it's always good. You yeah! That's it! That's it! The only thing! They're missing is like having a slave come and clean your dishes. Then, though, that would be a complete package, but hey, there's, probably something they're working on for next quarter. Once again, guys $80 off your first month of hellofresh, go to hell affair, calm, slashed a tree podcast ad and enter the code, a street podcast. Eighty ridiculous, ridiculous value, hellofresh, calm, slush h3, podcast 80 and enter h3 podcast 84, a doze off your first month of hellofresh got eesh rings mission is to make neighborhoods safer. You already know about ring doorbells and cameras that protect millions of people everywhere. You could take it from me. I've been on the mountaintop shouting about ring. They help you stay connected to your home anywhere in the world. So if there's a package delivered or a surprise, visitor you're gonna get an alert, you're gonna be able to see her, see, hear and speak to them all from your phone. You got HD two-way audio features on the ring device. You got the spot lights. You've got the doorbell. You've got so many options. Let me tell you about my spotlight: not only do I get a motion activate it's about these super bright, LED lights, they'll blast the hell out of anything coming down. You get to see them pop up. You can talk to them even through the spotlight, and you can blast them with an alarm. Be like hey, dude I can see your dumb ass I'm telling you this [ __ ] is insane they've got this and they've got this neighbor app, and all these people in your neighborhood they're all connected they're reporting incidents there everyone's talking to each other I'm. This is weird. This is ridiculous. I love the rink product. If you are all concerned about your safety in your neighborhood or you just want to have better tabs of what's going on around your house, the ring is: is there's no better product. I mean like it's really, even even if you're not afraid you get to see like raccoons and coyotes wandering around the middle of the night, it's fantastic I saw a drunk guy, a stumble off my fence into my backyard and walk all the way around. My house at like 3:00 a.m. I'm like dude, that's uh, that's some wildlife right there. You know what I'm saying yeah I would have never even knew that happen without ring guys. We got a special offer for our ring starter kits available right now with a video ring. Video doorbell motion activated floodlight cam and the starter kit has everything you need to build a ring of security around your home. Here's what you need to do go to ring.com, slash a tree. That's ring.com, slash HD I'm! Just telling you start with the doorbell you're gonna be addicted, it's freaking insane! You can keep tags on all these parks and friends and friends and family, but nothing's gonna slip by welcome back everybody. I've got our on the field reporter aka, my brother Sean, who drove on though down to area 51 to be on the field and get the get the scoop. As you guys know, it's been in the news lately area 51. They wanted to raid area 51. Someone made a Facebook group that went viral. Everyone started RSVP'ing, yes, for a meme, there ended up being like millions of people and on the the lead-up to that this was a great little scoop. Dutch youtubers who were on vacation were arrested and jailed when they tried to get near area 51, leave it to youtubers who [ __ ] everything up I mean really they are the bottom tier. They are. The Dante's Inferno lowest level, though, is being a youtuber to Dutch. Friends said they wanted a good look at the mysterious area 51 before leaving the US, they ended up in a Nevada jail. They were arrested about three miles deep into the Nevada national security site, the site near area 51, which been focused on conspiratorial theories. For decades. The two men say they never planned to participate in the raid. They just wanted to do it, the two of them. We didn't have any intention of storm it, because we leave on the day before the actual storming date. We just wanted to go there good logic. When arrested on September 10th, both men told deputies, they could read, write and speak English and had seen the no trespassing signs at the entrance of the site, but they said they want to take a look at the facility police said. Isn't there science in area 51? That said like you will be shot on sight if you enter like they're, very I, don't [ __ ] around there dude caution signs around area 51. You know what I'm saying look at this [ __ ] yeah, hey you're, not supposed to Beit Shean what the hell Sean's on hold by the way, but we're getting that restricted area. No trespassing. But on this point you will be ma. Isn't there one that says that they'll murder people so help me out here? Dan six months, imprisonment! Yeah, that's pretty! The murder part is just implied something that was like you'll be Shawn's right, oh wow! This was outside area 51, this, oh well, that gives it away warning area if you want the UFO scooping up a guy yeah. Oh, the funniest part about this story that I'm leading to is that so they pleaded guilty to trespassing and illegal parking. They were sentenced to one year, but it was well, it was suspended and the two will spend a total of three days in County each pay, two thousand two hundred and eighty dollars officials said they wanted to make an example out of them. That area 51 is not a tourist attraction they work. This is my favorite part here [Music] when arrested. He had they had on them cameras, phone laptop and a drone. Can you imagine thinking you could just fly a drone area over area 51 like these to pose those youtubers God. It doesn't get any dumber than that I'm glad they caught him. What imagine if they said, though, they're like they just flew a drone over area. 51 made a YouTube video about it, but they didn't well anyway, we've got my brother here, like shunt the great Sean Klein Sean, welcome to the show now Sean my brother of 34 years. Sean is two and a half years older than me. Is that correct Sean? Two years, nine months older to be exact, Sean is a high school high school right teacher yeah high school physics teacher in Nevada. He is beloved by the student body he's a very good teacher. Correct me at five I'm embellishing, but I, don't think I am I'll. Take credit for all that. Now a lot of your students know you, as my brother right, yeah I, think is it? Is it the likeness? They think that the you that you look like me and then they noticed that you have the same last name as me: yeah I get this a lot. We're like I'll, just like be teaching and like a student cost me that I came mr. Klein. Do you like? Do you know this? Like youtuber guys came like h3h3 I'm like why you got like the same last name now, I'm just like um, you look kind of like him like yeah, it's my brother, that or is it annoying? It's like whatever like it happens, a lot kind of that's kind of funny. Do you get it? Do you find that you get extra respect from the students when they find out you're my brother yeah it like brothers like yeah, but then I'll get like this like yo mr. Klein, like I? Don't get it like. Your brother seems like way different than you I mean that's true. We do a very different plan. I'm, like yeah I'm, a teacher. Well. Well, you understand we're two different people. Yes, that's true yeah, although we are more, we are very different, more than most siblings, maybe but maybe not also the same, but people did always think we were twins growing up so yeah. Well, we were pretty close in age and you were a little bit taller for your age, not a little bit shorter. A lot Detroiters, though not a lot, don't be dramatic, don't be smarter than yourself I mean I was pretty small. Well, you've grown up into a bright young man, my brother's jacked, by the way, I'm fat and he's very jacked, my brother. So you see him, don't [ __ ] around you know, I'm, saying that message to all his students out there come across. Have you ever has ABS ever been a fight in one of your classes like a physical fight, um I've almost had a fight. What later last year, I had this incident, where this girl went to the bathroom and then another I, let see we had like these past these bathroom passes, and so you can let you out at the same time so I, let one girl out and she went to bathroom and she was you know, taking her sweet time. Another girl goes into the bathroom and she hears overhears her talking about another girl in my class and she's like talking [ __ ] about her, and so he comes back and tells the girl yeah yeah, and then they were like. She came back and they're like what you can disrespected me and they start yeah. Yeah sounds a little bit ratchet. You've been yes, yes way, sir, would you describe what you describe? A confrontation is ratchet. Someone told me that term one of my duties that a little ghetto I guess right gonna be the definition lowest reality. It was, you know it was it was. It was unique. I'm gonna choose not to use any derogatory. Absolutely smart, keep stay professional, no they're, they're great they're, great girl. Do you have any I mean the you know? You hear the trope about the hot female teacher. Do you ever get any females coming on to you as the as the handsome? You know, single he's got muscles I'm not saying: does he [ __ ] his student I mean, of course he does I'm just curious. So what's the experience like as a high school teachers, I'm sure it's uh there's a lot of ends and a lot of outs. Dan now Shawn answer the question. I think most most of the students are pretty respectful, um I know like in my younger years as I'm like 36, no one was 37, but when I was a bit younger, a bit less gray, hair I. Definitely like had girls that, like it was pretty clear. There was like a crush and I'd, be like hey yeah. You are not staying after school. You know yeah yeah yeah, that's very smart, very wise. It will easier now why cuz nobody there's less interest in you, because you're older yeah, I'm, older, now yeah and that way has there ever been any sex scandals at your school with, like teachers and students, um I, think they're. So great that happens like I I type I mean I've only I've owned. This is only my second year at this school I think there was some case of something like few years back, but I I can't I, can't recall, but I mean it's like I know in in Vegas. It's like it's yeah. This thing's definitely happened, but ya know I, don't I, don't know if any of the cases I feel like all the teachers when I was growing up were like old and no one yeah. No one would even think to write yeah I reckon I was when I was in school yeah, like all they were all like in their fifties and speakers, and it was like ah gross and then I went back after right after I'd finished college and I was doing substitute teaching at my former school and, like all those old teachers had like retired or died, and they were all replaced by, like you know, doing something. Fresh blood yeah I can see yes, I think in Vegas I think those incidents happen more than other districts, because the there's such high turnover of teachers in in Clark County and so there's a very large percentage of teachers that are in twenties and thirties versus most districts. It's probably a smaller percentage. Mm-Hmm imagine [ __ ] a high schooler as a teacher ooh that sounds good. No I'm kidding that sounds awful. Jesus Christ well Shana that I'm glad that you have yeah do you know come on that one. So this is my brother Sean, a little introduction to the man, the myth, the legend himself now Sean I did an incredible reporting. He went out to area 51 on the day. You did all the research you did. You got everything set up. We've got all a bunch of footage. We're gonna watch her shortly, but I wanna. Can you clarify for me Sean? First of all, there was the original Facebook page, but but there was three different events that happened. There was the area 51 base camp, the alien stalk, and then there was one in Las Vegas that was hosted by the original Facebook page owner. Can you please explain what has going on with those three events and how do they? How are they related? So it's just like 21 year old college student guy and he just thought it would be funny to post this on this fake event on Facebook as like a meme, and it really started to take off. I heard that the there's that little not video, did you ever see that Oh? What about him that no they they took like the where the old town, Rose name, yeah, mm-hmm yeah, so there's that there's that he he did like redid it. It's like a cartoon, as like a mean I was like the area 51 invasion after he saw this Facebook event and then I could really blew up. Oh Madonna, huh associated yeah, so yeah. So anyway, it became really popular and it was like 2 million people and like originally, he thought you joke, but then he was like. Oh you know what, like maybe I, can take advantages in mind. We can all like get the other and party because he didn't want people to actually storm at this one because he was like that would be stupid, so he coordinated with the owner of the low alien hotel or in or Dever and in Reichle, and so they were in the process of trying to organize something, and he said that he got kind of freaked out because they didn't have a lot of permit and he sought to be to my people and there'd be all kinds of issues and then he and my end up liable. So he just like cut ties with her and then he got contacted by Budweiser they're, like hey, we'll sponsor your event, so he went and sponsored an alien stock event in Las Vegas. But then the lady that owned the end she was like well I got all this free publicity, so I'm gonna, still host it and so she's still hosted and called the aliens clock would put like a hyphen in it. Yeah so competing is correct and then another company was like hey all these would be coming up from Vegas, but let's make our own event, it'll be like more organized and stuff and we'll have actual like speakers from alien documentaries and books and try and get some of that that crowd and that's that's the one I was so you went to so the one that you end up going to was the area 51 base camp, and this was the one for the actual. These are the people that were ready to raid area. 51 I I, don't I, don't know about that, but they were, they were the alien of whose words I read it. Yet there was no definite like I feel like if there were going to be an alien furious. They would be at this one because this is where they had like do an act first and it seems like yeah now. What I'm wondering is why on earth would Budweiser think that a dude who only qualification was making a Facebook page could put on a festival, yeah I, don't know but I on the local news. They covered it and it was like they were like you know, like 2030 people, that's it and it was a Thursday night like there was only like 30 people at the Budweiser sponsored [, __, ], I'm, yeah, I'm, sure loud the night. There were more people, but yeah I wasn't very much and what about alien stock? They said alien stock overall I think there were like two to three hundred people that showed up good and so ok. So let's go to area 51 base camp, which is where you were now. First, let me ask you how many people were at that one? The total number of people when I was there was probably somewhere around a hundred hundred fifty that's crazy. There's nobody yeah well, and what makes it worse is. The vast majority of them were just that page that oh yeah, so Damon huh, oh, they thought there'd be yeah. They thought there'd be thousands of people, so the owner, the guy that organized it hired all dis security. They were like they're, like twenty thirty police officers, that he was paying to be there and he had like additional security. There were all these like boo-boos and everything they're like fifty porta-potties, oh yeah, at one point, I went use one Queen of Sparta potty ever Wow Wow, so funny yeah, those are the bankrolled uh uh I, don't think the guy is like I thought. I was there on someone from one of the news. Channels was interviewing him and he was really pissed. Yeah I know I'd have to pay all these people. Everyone was covering it like it's a real thing. You know the whole time the Facebook group yeah in the noon. News. Oh, you know absolutely like. When I was there there, there were literally more people from like the there were more media people than there were idle event. That's awesome! Well, it's a bit of a schlep like if you don't live in Vegas I mean even from Vegas. It's like a two-hour drive, but if you're anywhere else like [ __, ] driving there right yes and you, but you know what I thought it wouldnt be like, like this really horrible, like ugly does like I imagined, like like I thought of Independence Day of Bruce Claus member, like welcome her, you know, remember laughing, oh yeah, so that's what I imagine and it's actually not like that at all the area where it was it's like really pretty, there's like a river I, never liked trees and the lake and stuff yeah I was like what hmm that is surprising, yeah. The area 51 is a little bit further east from there like that. Like that, this light is that like the entrance, but the total like area that includes theirs? If you wanted like massive well, let's, let's I present to you now, Sean Klein presents an area. 51 documentary stands aside: Shane Dawson we've got the area 51 documentary on there and I'm very proud and excited to present it to you guys here. So, let's, let's enjoy it together. Shall we here we go a bunch of alien merch, so hearty bro. There's like five: how much money did they spend on yeah I? Don't have any Kevlar came off of materials found on the Roswell crash, my Kevlar, it's like not that crazy above material step, the [ __ ] sidechain. Well, we've actually landed it's just a glare right there. The lighting in this shot is insane yeah. It's just a glare when you heard memes are digital weapons. You know that that was a stand out line of the evening and there's like there's literally like 10 people in the shot right now yeah. This is a crazy stage. Right I mean this looks official. This is better than the one they had at fire festival yeah. This is actually better put together than five yeah and they had like 10,000 people, [Music] [Music]. We only saw the one individual I was there and she was ranting about some environmental issues and she briefly talked about Shawn. Was this the guy he was talking about yeah, yeah I went found him I, can't? Oh, that's! This guy's gone I love hearing from this guy. Do you know if this guy had an abduction experience? I should? My guess is that he probably does thank you cuz. He says I can do thing like most people get abducted, I'm assuming I, don't wide enough that he says because I noticed. He says during this interview that 5% of the population has an abduction. Experience sounds like you've got a dick sounds like an alien put, a probe up your ass with something to do, but anyway, yeah I. This is the real deal. So here we go. This is that the government's is sleeping in the debt in in bed with the devil. Basically, it's a Faustian bargain that allowed us to get this exotic technology, so that was basically in agreement between this prevent technology. German engineers were then able to take that information and eventually created prototype, will be the first working prototype in 1934. Okay, they had a fully functional fleet of your folks. Was it? Was it hard for you not to uh? Was it hard for you to go with the flow and not interrupt him with facts? A mug, no I thought it would be, but like what he was saying was so out there. I was just like so fascinate I'm like I'm gonna, let this guy, oh yeah, that's the right, yeah I'm glad and you did a great job of uh. Okay, yeah. We, sir yeah. We starts talking about interdimensional, being, oh, my god, I'm pretty sure. Alex Jones believes that and they're connected to the Nazis yeah ever like that's. Why I said directed by Steven Spielberg, because the villain who is not seasoned is what he's seek to overthrow. They seek to kill and steal and destroy human beings by the way they really suck at killing humans, because, like the population, keeps going up a lot from remove the stuff for the better life. But God bless. That's good yeah! This guy's, a legend man John, definitely did find out. There sought to kill it over. It could be the know. They're fighting against and [ __ ] they're, telling you about [ __ ] chairs that are [ __ ]. This tall, Shawn I, didn't follow the chair, the chairs thing yeah. What is he talking about? He goes on. He says that there's chairs that are really small chairs. Is that there's aliens? Could you supplement that with a little yeah yeah, so I guess he was saying that he saw some evidence that that they have like these. These narrative, children, 51 and they're, very small, and so since they're small, like they're way too small for an adult human. So it must be for alien, so they have pictures of little chairs at area 51. Do they I nothing I'm, gonna pair up, I know this guy didn't make a lot of sense. Well, I'm, pretty sure he's on lots. The drug well, there's one thing: I do know for sure that he did find the promise for a better life in South, different, happy firma. Absolutely that's! Just not [ __ ] normal, give a [ __ ], who you are yes describe to describe to me how a [ __ ] chair. This big is picking anybody. Besides an alien and I'll [, __ ] scream to the goddamn gods, but I think it's [, __, ], [, __, ] I, think guaranteed [ __ ]. Tell me I can't I have to go to [ __ ] work in the morning. How much money do you think this guy's in the paper No 500, bucks, I, don't know he said this. That yeah he's fine think about, but I can tell you only the [ __ ], most brainwashed people who'd be sitting around [ __ ] watching theirselves dig [ __ ] I don't leave another word. Was it called when you [ __ ], sit and deteriorate okay, where the [ __ ] else? Would they be I have to say it looks like everyone there is having fun looking legend, what can I say it's hard-hitting reporting, yeah I, would have watched a full hour of this. I would have loved dude I would have totally wash the floor now Shawn. How did the cut come out? Was there anything fantastic that we neglected to include in the final edit, yeah I know, I, don't think so. I mean that kind of really captured the the experience of a a lot of unique characters. Well, not really that many characters, but a handful unique characters. Well, did you get to see a UFO? Well, the big question you know: I was taught which someone the mum was saying. One of the guys I was talking to I. Think after I stopped playing. He was telling me that, like on the way here, he saw you up. Okay, great, fantastic, yes, I thought I saw a drone. Okay, that's what, though, if they are forced actually like flew over some crazy [, __ ] just to [ __ ] with everyone there um well. Shawn I would like to congratulate you on a successful mission out to there yeah base camp. You came back unharmed. Yeah. You came back with some golden footage. You did a great job and I look forward to sending you on more journey of discovery. Would you like to do more reports for us, yeah, I, think you're good at it. I think you've got a knack for this. Were you ever? Were you ever in fear for your safety out there? No because like I was telling people that I was heading out there and everyone's like because I post, like an Instagram, photo like head in areas and people are like. Oh my god be careful. You say. Let me know when you get back I'm like why do people like so man? Let's meet these utopian people they're like they're like totally harmless yeah, they seem bald. It's all go like it's crazy. The coverage of this story was just so insane that everyone was thinking like. Oh, it was gonna, be people ready to fight, and then the government is gonna fight them yeah and it was gonna, be like a civil war going on and then it's the media again like taking a story that seems interesting and then completely blowing, ah yeah, and this the government or the Air Force was making statements like don't yeah, so it was all good, but everything we ended up with a fantastic piece of journal. I think that will go down in the annals, the anals of history, annals, the anals of history, so Sean. We wish you all the best. Thank you. We wish you. Well, god bless, god bless! Thank you very much! Well there you have it. What was that talk to you later talk to you later? Yes, and there you have it don't ever say that we hear the issue. Podcasts do not hit hard. Okay, we take this job seriously. One who says we don't do our research. Were you at area 51 based a distance? Obviously, and that's it. This is just the beginning of what did our research was in area 51? We were there boots on the ground. Mother-Fricker, that's just the beginning of what we're capable of we are not up and we're not putting this show is only getting bigger, badder and crazier than ever. Now, let's talk about Justin Justin trade. Now we shouldn't decide why you want to talk about cuz overtime, blast limited, so we'll talk about blackface, okay, Justin Trudeau tree. Do Trudeau druid, oh yeah, this story's, just hilarious I mean we're almost done, but Justin Trudeau can't stop wearing black. It's like the funniest [ __ ]. Ever now, look at that's like mega blackface. That's like no-holds blackface dude, like Oh. What is a costume ma looks like just some yeah. It looks really dark in that one I think, ironically, that's the brown face photo, though, because it was too black. Face picture can be deceiving, though a black and white picture right exactly exactly well. Okay, but regardless I mean he had definitely a black face. Long. Yes, because everyone was like calling for his resignation. I was like bro come on, is the prime is he's not gonna resign cuz. He did blackface like 11 years ago. It's part of a costume just so stupid. It's like you're telling me that the person he is the person he's become the Prime Minister of Canada all he did Skull Minh aided in his life, all of his life's work and everything. You want him to resign he's defined by this one moment 11 years ago that you just found undo everything he's worked so hard to becomes cuz. He wore black face 11 years ago, listen to yourself, [, __ ], you let me go through the anals of your life and find something that's embarrassing and try to get you fired and yeah. It's like it's like yeah, you really asked and by the way Justin Trudeau's, like super liberal, he's like a mega Lib liberal, like leader, and they want him to resign because he did blackface 11u. You know who's gonna, replace him [, __ ], so nice ultra-nationalist well so you're gonna get yeah exactly you know: who's gonna, who's, gonna, replace him he's gonna run in blackface. You know what I'm sayin yeah, that's what you're gonna get [ __ ] idiots I'm, so glad he didn't like give in to that [ __ ]. He was like look I apologize. It was stupid thing to do, I mean that's some [ __ ] his hand is even dude. That's crazy dedication, bro bro, that's crazy. His hand is black, but what it's not like? It's not like he's doing this today. Exactly have you seen my black face recently. That's what I'm saying you wanna define him as a man. Everything he's achieved in life because he did like one thing. He did 11 years ago, bro! Look how he's holding her neck, though too it's kind of wild huh mm-hmm, damn he apologize! I should have known better, okay, fair enough. We could all look back and say that thing you know I remember when I was a kid: how old am I now 34? It was probably actually like 20 years ago, but there was trick-or-treaters who came up in [ __ ] blackface. What can you know like? Where did yeah and nobody said anything? It was just like that. Kids crazy, but not like nobody thought that kids, a racist right. He was just a [ __ ], crazy to paint your face black and go as a black person on Halloween, but no, but like nobody cared, nobody was causing a fuss about it. I'm just saying not that big of a deal here, I'm, truly shocked, I, don't know who this person is Elizabeth, May, I'm, truly shocked by the racism showing the photograph of Justin Trudeau. You must apologize real harm done and commit to learning and appreciating the requirement to model social justice. Leadership. Okay, that's fun! He didn't. She didn't call for his resignation. That's good! Hmm, yeah! Okay, you can be shocked and he can make an apology and we can- and we can, you know, use it as a learning experience. That's fine, I I support all that she's his website. A greatest thing, though, about this story too, is that he it it kept like coming out is like a one. After the other thing like there was one story. He was like I'm, sorry and then another one came out like okay seriously, I'm really sorry! Well, okay, just made. It seem a lot worse because I'm getting dragged out like that, if he's doing blackface back, then he thought it was. Okay, so and yeah he's a serial blackface he's a serial blackface costume, like you, is what any defendant. By the way, this doesn't look like blackface, it's a low quality, black-and-white picture here we got, we've got the photos here. We got the receipts as the kids. Now that's black me and Sam. Apparently, what's the context this one, do you know uh? It was like uh, it was like a camp or something yeah. He responds after the second one came out. The fact of the matter is that I've always- and you know this been more enthusiastic about costumes and it's sometimes appropriate, but these are the situation regret to fight, and you know this so I said I said: okay. Well, let's see, let's, let's look into the costume, because I remember he was getting kind of goofed on for this whole thing where he would put on like the Indian outfit. People were goofing on him, so I do raise this racist, -, I, don't think so. I think he was just he was in India and he put on the outfit yeah. If that's racist, then what the [ __ ] is I, don't understand anything more I thought I thought. That's a nice gesture when you try - all right, I, don't think anybody was calling this okay, they were just goofing on them, I, don't okay and we just because he made the defense about loving, costume. Okay, like all these fish he's, like he's like -, subtle, shaves away from being yeah I. Think that's a Canadian military, uniform, oh yeah, he's done at all I mean he's not lying dude. He loves costumes. Goddamn Justin I think that is I, think that is legit. Those are legit receipt. Okay now this now this is troubling. Okay. No, this is career-ending. What is that a giant pimple on his [ __ ] anyway, yeah I'm on your right? The guy is a serial costume, a dresser they're, all like high-quality costumes and pigs and as the theater geek, and if I pull up this Aladdin blackface, you can tell like bro. He got the turb. He got yeah everything going on here. I mean this guy is all in. He painted his hand blocking [, __ ] sake. When you paint your hand, black that goes beyond black face. I think that means he didn't painted. Someone did for him. There was other people involved, it's one of those legit. We need to find out who they are and ruined their [ __ ] life too. What I did he said? What I did hurt them her people who shouldn't have to face intolerance and discrimination because of their identity? This is something I. Deeply deeply regret. Darkening your face, regardless of context of the circumstances, always unacceptable because of the racist history of black face. I should have understood that then, and I should have never done it. God bless it's funny after it keep caming out all these more black face fuzz and he was like they're like have you done this more than once and he's like honestly, I've, probably done it several times. I can't really run that room nice. It seems harmless though yeah anyone who wants a man to resign as Prime Minister, the prime of his life. All this man's life is culminated, he's achieved so much at such a young age to resign and disgrace because he did black faced 11 years ago. Give me a [ __ ] break dude so was was he born like his dad? Was a minister? Yes yeah now, that's it I mean I got a couple more things, but we can. We come save them yeah, it's my dad's birthday and ah, we gotta go, get grab some dinner with them. So I'll put up a I'll, put a [ __ ] thing in it. You say that I'll put a pin in it. What are we talking about? I'm gonna put a pin in it put something in it, I'm putting a pin in it. We can talk about it later, okay, putting a pin in it. You did. You know how I made it this far with you, ela a ton of right prayer, bro and every day, I pray every day. People ask that song. So sad lots of prayer to God I've been asking about every day. Please give me the strength. That's like you're one step away from jumping out of the window: lots of Prayer patience, good, alright! So that's it that are we looking how long we looking good! We looking gold, we're looking Goldie so on Friday we've got Casey nice tat, the OM that I'm using the Casey nice that phone he's gonna like that. He is gonna, love that so so you know catch us on Friday and then the next week. After that we got Bobby, Lee and kalila coming in the grades that we've got. Don't we have more guests lined up. When is the bachelor gonna bachelor finale? We got it and we there's. We got a lot three, that's right! Oh [, __, ], Oh next week, I think we're talking about next Friday yeah next Friday, but we got. We got some planning to do because we're already getting inquiries for the next Bachelor I think we have a I think we have a a bachelor for the next season. Mm-Hmm we got I know why we gave it away yet, but we will announce it on the last I was a very eligible he's very accomplished. He's gainfully get very gainfully employed, yeah and I'll say that dare I say that he's got a touch of magic and divinity in him as well right yeah in AD Wow. Is that a hint yeah? Yes, it is Dan, but until then I wish you a chase Tuesday so have a great week, I'm gonna see on fry or not well, tomorrow. You know you see it on Wednesday, not to z' day, because it's a late. We had to start later because it was a ceremony, but I do want to say and as I close out this podcast, how meaningful it is that you've come here and become a citizen of the under the you've stood on the shoulders of the Great's like Thomas, Jefferson, George, Washington, Alexander, Hamilton and window, and when the you know, when the English camp doors, when they rolled into New York Harbor with 32,000 troops and the world, looked upon America like ants fools these ideals of freedoms, idealists naive. They would this. They said that those ideals of freedom stand now over two hundred years later, as a testament, people often say what would the founding fathers think of America today you know what they would say and they would say they would probably cry tears of joy that their that the country they oh come on. You can't move America was that a boot yeah? What are you buying? No America is beautiful. One day, I would say the it worked, the Constitution that we wrote the Bill of Rights will everything we dreamed up birthday for 200 years ago. Can you imagine that they dreamed it will become the imminent superpower of the world, coast-to-coast specific to Atlantic sea, the sea to shining sea Dan? We got a mobility scooter, you imagine the tram read on what is friction. A blue Dan I mean seriously, you can go on Google and buy a mobility scooter, and it's delivered to you the next week sea to shining a merry intersteno regional states, 250 I, run out of song I mean come on, we'll give me the American music Dan for track I've been waiting for for this whole time. You know, I mean it's fine. It doesn't matter that we can get genocided millions of Indians her about her heyday. We had a manifest destiny. God told us. We must. We must oh, the land from sea to shining sea those manifest destiny. It was a national policy there, no other thing on the western frontier. Basically they had this Christian funded. A policy called manifest. Destiny said that God destined us to have from coast to coast and that and it didn't matter what we had to do, because it was God's plan for America didn't matter. If we had to kill Indians didn't matter if we had to kill Mexicans, of which we killed many, we, it was the American promise sea to shining sea. That, of course, came much later than the founding fathers. They had nothing to do with that, so don't bring them into it. Well manifesto you got a well a manifest. Destiny came late after all the founding fathers and already set the groundwork for the great country we live in today, dan. What are you a historian? What are you [, __ ], give me a break here. Okay, it didn't know. Well the constitutional questions. Yeah yeah I will Dan dude me when I said I started now. I do think that we need to add an amendment to the Constitution about mobility, scooters. What would it say that every every person can buy? One mm-hmm I think that Lord he is the case, but good I gotta think about it, but I think it's gotta be there. That would be the 38th amendment right, 28th, 28th amendment all right. So what we got to read our congressman. You gotta write the Brad chairman chairman. That would be the weirdest [ __ ] note he ever got baby. No, that's beautiful! That's three of our great Republic, a Republic for which it stands. Indivisible, I, do need I, I, think mobility. Scooters should be a little cheaper. It was a little peasant man. It needs to be substituted by the government, some sort of subsidy yeah sort of. So it's a it's, not a it's, not a privilege. It's alright yeah! It is alright. Okay, all right! Well, you! Let's get you okay, slow down! You just been American for one day. Okay, could you slow down? It's always the commitment to own one, all right. Let's say that it's alright slow it down! There's it's almost our responsibility is American citizen I'm, throwing him abilities good. All right. I got one plane right now: hey pace yourself: okay got a whole life. I had to get being an American okay from sea to shining sea huh. Well, guys it's been a fun packed field. We're gonna go at some barbecue do them so what the [ __ ] up now baby? Yes, mac and cheese. Mac uh, maybe have some broccoli. If it's sauteed in butter, otherwise it's all spitless, oh well, [ __, ], [, __ ] on the table. I will literally show you. Why don't you eat the spinach, that's cooked in butter and create that [ __ ] tastes like garbage? Why would you even I don't get that like I hate cream of spinach, it's awful? Who is a dream? It's just a heap of nasty soggy spin! It's not cream and it's not spam and you eating it like! Oh well, you want to eat spinach because it's healthy, but you know it's just coated in butter. It doesn't even taste good I mean who would eat that I. Don't know correct me if I'm wrong, tanner Ian, do you like that [ __ ] and when Zach WA yeah? Yes, you know, I am why don't I want you to tell me the truth: the cream of spinach [, __, ], yeah, I'm? Sorry? What in the show you know you're, not listening, I'm, just watching your mouth, you don't listen! Yeah! We just keep it on mute back here, to be honest, mmm, true, okay, so so, which so do you enjoy it? Yes or not? First of all, we're almost in the same room. Do you not hear us anyway like but and also the door got busted? Oh, but I'm, not gonna. Tell you in I'm, not gonna. Tell you what we were talking about. We've been ranting about it for like five minutes. Well, you gotta take a gamble. Do you like it or not the thing that you don't know yeah well, you did say I would like yeah I heard that part and there you go I'll. Take your I trust. You say: yes, you [ __ ] up, don't ask your disgusts me rap! You disgust me I, can't believe that you would heat back that came on you. Let's send it out! Thank you. It was cream of Spanish [Music].