Welcome welcome. Welcome, welcome, h, 3r me. This is your leader, foolish Maximus I am joined here by mother motherfu Bish's, it's a play on teresa, but with Fupa the return of mama kleine. We are the mom army, mom Army's, I love them all Marmee. How was it mom the one and only is back she's here, she's, looking beautiful and healthy and wonderful? How does it feel not only to be the head of the mom army but to be here in your bunker in your battle station once again, and it feels great and I feel like I'm, forgetting a million stuff like we it's the first time we had to come here with the baby right and it just feels like. Can we show that Dan we can yeah mom? She was just feeding him and now he needs to burp yeah. That burp is very crucial yeah. He feels that pain, but he, like he struggles with that bird man mm-hmm and it's all it's just he's like it's all. You burp you poop and he works on those poops to look. That's like a full fish I'm. Just like! Oh, you could see his face like no, but he's a little warrior right. Oh yeah yeah, we went to the doctor and they said he's very tall yeah there. They said that he's strong. How do they tell that and I wait? How can they tell he's strong I? Guess cuz? She was moving him and he was like resisting his muscles that little curd has such a grip, like sometimes I'll, be holding him and it'll grab my neck and I'll be like oh dude. What the hell yeah, okay, he's strong. So they actually they rate your baby. I love that rape, my baby calm. They rate your baby on a percentile like a standardized test, so he isn't in that 86th percentile on height, but everybody buckle up because he's 93 percentile on the head size. This kid's got a dome dude. What the heck! That's crazy he's got a huge head, but big, beautiful brain. Let's not start to bully him because we love all size. Heads he's gonna be looking back at this era, but I said well anyway. Yeah I know I gotta be careful. Now yeah he's gonna watch but I'm saying that you got lovingly. He look it's a matter of fact. He's got a big head he's a baby. You see, that's [, __ ] up I would never say that to like joke like that, with a conscious son, mm-hmm again, I, don't even know him. Maybe he's down yeah I feel like it'll, be done, he's a goofball he's a champ I, don't know if we mentioned sponsors, oh [, __ ] hold on I got to pay for the adores college. Well, thank you to Dollar Shave, Club, audible door, - and stamps.com. We love and appreciate all you guys. Thank you so much well guys. Let's get right into the show. We've got mama Klein back with us now cue, the music, because we have a little announcement here make we have come in crazy. We have come in out of our minds because today we are doing a Teddy fresh fifth in Brazil 50% off special we're talking, Bob Hart shirt, I Heart mob, all the colors we're new here, tan blue purple, TF, heavy cotton from toilet bag, the mom Chanel sweater, my heart, you sweater so get all over the Teddy fresh dog card and sugared Isildur. This trip that we lost our boy ela. Thank you for cutting that exactly what he said time we. These are actually all stuff that we really like, but we're trying to move inventory. You know we got a new stuff, so a lot of times you guys say you know I want this, but it's too expensive so preach. Sir. Now is the time all right now, we've got all that out of the way. Let's talk about this video, this is a really deep cut and yeah and I played it last week, but I didn't fully explain it. I mean I, didn't talk about it, but there's this guy on YouTube named tubes, and this is such a deep cut. It's the guy cut together every philip defranco, frank franco. Intro of him saying sup, so let me give you an example here, but it becomes really becomes really hypnotic, but it starts to lose its meaning. Even the motion itself, I'm gonna count you to watch all 11 mats of this. Well sure he does change his face. You could probably tell a lot about the man's life based on the speed of the Sun. At the time you know, I mean like you. Could analyze be like yo your shops around August, you know July or you know, October, with spaghetti right, slow, sluggish stops where, if you go to January February, March, very quick and chirpy subs and never make this one thing. I will say that it has not changed. What any of this is his [ __ ] hair like his hair I, don't know how he does that man, but his hair does not ever change candle yeah wonder why they changed the background, probably just test it off. She gets misplaced. The background. That's true, don't subject me dude, don't stop check me! Bro I, don't have a subject when I open the show. My goal, by the way with this is to see how long I can play it. During a conversation, it's 11 minutes every stuff ever performed see when I open the show. I have enough thing, I don't know. What's the word, that's gonna come out of my head, so you can't subject me I wish I. Think there's something very. You know powerful about milling. What's the word where you know where to start tuning out should I stop this well turn it down. We turn to death, I mean it's, but it's pretty so anyways I guess I guess you get did see. That was three minutes. It felt like wow I thought it was at least six yeah I really thought we were I'd say it's put up: sup army I challenge you to watch all 11 minutes of that. That is very impressive about his hair, his I don't know how do you consider what well now he's got a hair products? Okay, apparently the guy knows what he's doing, but he's got that hair like that really thin straight hair, where you could be like yeah, the guys that I always [ __ ] hated in high school, where I was like the guy goes like yeah and it's always like he takes off a hat and he's like he just came out of the barber yeah I was like haha you're cool and girls in high school love that too well. There's I used to be envious of girls like that too, when like just the straight hair and don't need to do anything, it's just like always perfect right, [, __, ] those people, I bet they're mating somewhere having kids with perfect hair yeah. Well, my kids heads [ __ ], huge, so [ __ ], your perfect hair, my kids heads in the 93 percentile [ __, ] Arcana, my hair is like you put gel and the hair still curls. However, I want to jail. There's nothing Theodore's hair is gonna, be freaking. He's gonna have like Hermione hair. You know crazy for all you Harry Potter fans out there, hair mine, you hear yes, so maybe with the sub bombs tubes, I gotta give a shout out to your boy tubes, who went through the effort by the way, as impressive as feel different, ghost hair. Is this guy went through every goddamn episode and cut this up so shout out to him here. Let's see, he said this took way too long to edit I, actually wonder how long it did. He said how many videos Oh someone says running that two times speed everyone's like okay, fine are they're moving on no no I mean I'm, assuming that you guys find this as interesting as music. I want to just spend the whole episode on I find it to be very fun and enjoyable. But here we go to time. Speed wall gets back to you, that's what I was saying to his hand. He has different hand. Motions it's. This can really study is what is that by the way like? What is that? What is this motion, though? What the hammer, it's almost like, grabbing your hug. So what is this handle? Cuz? You do this like hey, that's the one that goes with your back taps your back right right, okay, so you're, a oh yeah daddy was we slapped him in the face really yeah, which shows reverb, I'm, sorry, everybody! This is the worst episode we have to have interesting stuff to talk about. We have good stuff to talk about. I swear, know everyone take a deep breath, what up sup army. So we are the sup army. Now they do. You know burp I need to know his Theodore burps. What's going on with the burp updates? Is he changing? He sounds like I heard he burped and he pooped in peds your mom's been busy back there. Okay, so um gee, these mother, fricking Hecker's, um G. We all know them as universal monkey, gobblers Universal Music Group. What is it? That's right, yeah you Buena versal monkey ball gobblers. These guys have been running amok on YouTube for so long, claiming every freakin video imaginable and we're all so pissed off and fed up with um G. So how do you suppose? We all react when Susan Wojcicki, the one and only tweeted out excited to partner with um G to remaster some of the most iconic music videos of all time on YouTube, it's like how about before you partner up with the enemy of the people. You tell them hey, stop stop destroying our platform and taking the livelihood from all of our creators and, of course everybody rips into our occluding myself. I will so disconnected because, like um G, like I've heard it from so many youtubers by now and I I barely spend time on Twitter, but it's almost every time. I open, Twitter, there's something about them. I, don't know they're tone-deaf they're, just they don't really think. Is they don't really Ingle with youtubers like susan goes on a PR tour where she meets like the most insulated kid-friendly youtubers I mean she met us. That was nice and I, and I told her about this. Absolutely but she'll go like once a year and visit like Lysa, Koshi and they're, like oh man, YouTube's great I make 10 CPM I'm, so rich everything's, perfect I, never get claimed. You guys are doing such a fantastic job. This is ins like. Oh thank you all right, I'm on my way to go, see I'm on my way to go, see a superwoman, yeah and she's like I'm, always on trending and my seat. Pm's are so good and you guys treat me so well and then Susan's like Oh YouTube is the best we're doing such a good job. I think she comes and sees me and I'm like she was very receptive to my comments, but they are tone deaf they're, just not involved, so everybody's blasting, her I, said I will not be viewing these until UMG pledges to improve their flavor and copyright abuse until they have no grounds to ask support of YouTube community, for which they harm everyday and I'm. Saying hashtag, boycott um, G I'm, not gonna. Watch this [ __ ] I, didn't ask for this. I! Don't need to see it in HD of you you're, taking away their charm anyway. You know what I mean you don't need to read. What do you uh George Lucas got a remaster, the classics? No, can we agree that George Lucas is a big fat idiot, a big fat idiot I mean no no I. Take it back he's a chin, lesedi --it. He is undoubtedly a chin, listen, that is, that is completely but I I I hated George Lucas from the moment. He added that extra canteen scene and the originals with this music I I agree with that. The man is a genius, but no Zach. No, no, but a man that created Star, Wars I mean come on yeah. He didn't write even the screenplays as I understand it of the originals. Well, he didn't. He didn't yeah additional writers. Well he's a mixed bag. Okay, you know what I'm I am I and we all know yeah. He did [ __ ] up a lot of those scenes. Huh yeah, we all agree he's at least endless. Yes, George Lucas, you gotta see his like his beard, his awesome, epic, that's some nice hair. No, his facial errors, [ __, ], fire dude, but he's got no chin. I, don't know why I'm giving the guy's [ __ ]? What was they been talking about? What were we? Okay, remake a remaster poor, George Lucas, he's sitting here minding his own business. What the [ __ ] did I do. I can only imagine if, like George Lucas is watching this somehow or it's just like all of a sudden, yeah George Lucas ain't watching this. Don't kid yourself! Idiot talk about chinless fat idiot speak for yourself, I kept going. I said this tweet was claimed by UMG the enemy of the people, destroyer of worlds, undo, ur of YouTube mister be supposed to image. They said the illiterate could use the hundreds of thousands of dollars. They profited off of just my videos alone and he posted a these are all UMG claims and some so claiming is one thing, but the examples you see time and time again are so egregious that's what really messes you up. For example, there's a video where mr. beast simply hums the tune. Briefly, mm-hmm and the whole video gets claimed. There's one from Gus here. I've got all the examples, since one can you're not how my song I sever, since um G got their hands on on copyright baby. So general, that's not a thing right! Yeah and some people even claim just for like saying the name of a song like yeah I, don't love a famous song, but that's not if you humming a tune. Well, how I mean I? Don't honestly I don't know, but why would you I don't know I doubt that, like there was a, there was a big legal case between UMG, surprise, surprise and some lady who took a video of her baby with music playing in the background and they filed a DMCA to remove the video like, like people are watching this baby dancing to listen to music. In the background it wasn't even like a complete song was just a snippet. They took that they took him to Supreme Court and they said [ __ ], you mg and anyone she won nice, and so so there is some justice. Of course there isn't that works like who's gonna, go all the way to Supreme Court, because um gee they've got been nothing to lose I'm going to boycott all this, because um she's continued blatant and flagrant abuse of copyright, as it is a detriment to the entire YouTube ecosystem. I'd. Ask that team you to cancel this partnership until they make good-faith efforts to improve their methods, boycott um, G yeah. They didn't answer. They don't give a [ __ ] about me, Susan's like uh. We spent like millions of dollars on this, so you can [ __ ] yourself. I have some great examples here and let's see, here's some youtubers responding. I want to show Gus's video, because this one is kind of epitomizes. This is kind of [ __, ], Johnson friend of the show, there's a lot of youtubers that were pretending to hear Brahimi and rap see for the first time. So I made this video about it. Where I talk about the issue, if the video is called, why is everybody lying about Bohemian Rhapsody I talk about the issue: I, don't play even a [ __ ] microsecond, oh yeah, not at all I. Remember the video today Oh this claim was manually clean, not even automatic detection, fair [, __ ]. You claimed this video as containing stuff from EMI Music Publishing manually, [, __, ], clean EMI is UMG right then uh yeah um. She bought EMI about five. Six years ago, so yeah mm-hmm that's when they got that's when EMA am I started, claiming everything on YouTube, so I remember his video. He was in his room, just ranting like. Why does he's just saying kept going like? Why does everyone keep pretending like they don't know, yeah, that's the video that we always really like? Yes, but so he doesn't even play no even for a second no wow, because I didn't remember if he plays he doesn't it's like a one-take of him. So this is the kind of madness that's going on here and UMG is definitely getting a pass because I happen to know from being close with YouTube that when people make these kind of flagrantly abusive claims, they can get kicked out of the system. Yet UMG owns 30% of all the music in the world and of course, instead of you know reprimanding them, it's hey guys. We're excited announced that um geez big ass, their [ __ ], that's thicker than the circumference of the globe, is in my ass Susan Wojcicki I'm, just saying you know their logos of globe. So it's like a big ass in handle beard. It's not she's, taking up that one dude I, don't like I'm, just kidding, she's a sweet lady yeah she's just into anal fetish, probably fits um G I'll, be in to a old fans for um G. Those [ __ ] are rich, oh you're, getting that we were slam on them with regular Megillah, trying to cricket me or something no I'm actually curious about all this new song. It's just a lot of Ethan Bradberry. We were looking at the scope of um G. They truly are such a behemoth. I mean these [ __ ] need to be broken up by the government for having a monopoly because they own every goddamn one yeah I mean it's it's over 30 percent of all the published music nowadays and it's like, if you just look at their list of big artists, it's it's! It's everybody! It's all like the superstars they're all under that. It's like in all genres do so. If you want to see what all the hubbub is about and by the way, I'm sure I'm gonna get claim now for a New York Times article, it's called this goes out to the guy who's manually, claiming this podcast right now. It's called fair use, there's an exception for journalism: oh yeah, it's literally from a New York Times article guaranteed to be claimed. So if you want know what all the hubbub is about this, is it holy [, __, ] bro, why Billy Idol anyone really care that was probably there's an iconic video from the eighties? Does anyone care I, don't know you Zack you're into this [ __ ]? Do you care I mean not really know people today but filters to go back to that right? Why are we forgetting, like the goddamn past happened like do you know hello? No one wants HD. It's like. Let's go rewrite history, let's go back to the first photos and make them HD and then forget that there was ever a photography buying always like follow ROI cameras now trying to go back to what it used to be I hate this. The streaming service of Universal Music Group have teamed up to revamp more than thousand a thousand videos from artists, including Lady gaga, not that old. That's right, that's another. They show a frame from that and it's from a video from nine years ago. What the [ __ ] is wrong with you, why the Lady, Gaga old, mastered AI, fuzz, Lady, Gaga, [, __, ] huh. That was my guess. How old things used to be my voice? Quality like when you watch the first episodes of curb yeah. It's pretty shocked it's like square. It doesn't even fit like the dimensions of the TV Tom Petty, video, Billy I, don't spice girls, you know they're just trying to revenant some more revenue, some buzz [ __ ], get it together, Ethan we're trying to generate more revenue and buzz being like. Oh, you guys remember these videos that you, nobody watched any more cuz they're 40 years old. It's not gonna work, [, __, ], you're, already getting all the revenue you could ever imagine from claiming everyone's video- and this is the insanity. Tusers they're gonna claim this whole to our podcast because of some audio some visual content that we're analyzing in a New York Times article they're, really great business models. They don't even need investors or anything they're. Just there's, no recourse, there's no motivation for them really not to from a business standpoint. They should just claim every video on YouTube I mean and what mr. BAE's views like. He said. Oh yeah, his videos alone would be. You know how much morning and I talked to him and I'm. Like you got it, he doesn't even dispute them. Cuz he's afraid, I, don't know why he just doesn't want to deal with it and I try to talk to him, be like dude. You gotta just view this [ __ ]. So mr. beast is bowing at 1520 million views and these guys are just laughing mm-hmm. That's like $50,000, a pop they're like thank you come again sorry told my Indian friends. Those are boo, know I'll poop the problem with the poo. Thank you come again, that's um gee! So here's what's going on this is what's happening. Is that there's what's been called bounty hunters and it started happening like this? Getting really really bad, like [ __ ] like what's going on with Gus by the way guess who took down our our last podcast and blocked a worldwide um gee baby. Let's go that's right, I'm kind of playing on their name that we can I know anything about that. Universal! You guys submit your good idea there. Someone at home is like I, got the perfect one, so send us emails, podcast, a shoe shoe production, calm, your mom gay, your mom gay got him it's pretty good, but you so you monkey yeah, my buddy's, not fine! No monkeys, not good you! This is probably not the time to branch me, so you guys sent us. You guys are smarter and funnier than I am so here's what's going on. Youtube has their autumn a system that everyone's been using but YouTube, because they're reasonable, doesn't always send things that are claimable, because maybe there's too small of an amount or maybe they don't detect it and send it to the copyright holder, because they think that they see the gray area, and so they don't think that it's claimable they've made that decision within their own automated system. But what these bounty hunters have done is that they've developed their own algorithms, that circumvent the Content ID system and our scanning content more finely and they approach big companies like UMG and say: hey YouTube's, not doing a good job. There's tons of money out there that you're not claiming I'm gonna, go make you a million bucks. I'm gonna give you half of it. You don't have to worry about anything. You're, just gonna get free money for them to like no brainer, but though the problem is that they have no connection to what's going on with these bounty hunters, they have. No, they don't understand the consequence. They don't understand the methods and they don't understand that. There's no reap they're toxic. It is, and these bounty hunters know exactly what they're doing in fact, I have Intel that they have actual individuals watching the uploads of all big youtuber channels. So when you see a manual claim on something like mr. beast whistling or Gus, not, you know, there's no way a bot. There's certain points where there's no way a bot would be able to tell so they have they don't care about the small chips they care about. Mr. beast: 20 million views so that have one individual watching his videos and then they see it. They get a bounty -. So it's all this shake that shaking down, so they automatically they get a fast - right because they want every penny so the minute he uploads it. You got one of these [ __ ], maybe even five of them, because they're competing to find that bounty. They send it to the company. They do a manual claim. Everyone gets paid except mr. beast: that's crazy, yeah! So so it's actually not even that smart, because I thought they have their own like algorithm. It's both! It's very I mean it's! It's not that sophisticated, but it is also but it's just it's such a problem. Something's got a yeah things, got a give here and I think that companies like um G need to be educated. That making a couple extra million dollars a year at the cost of destroying the u2 ecosystem is not really that valuable. How much is you ng worth 10 trillion dollars? I can only imagine if they're big, as you guys are saying, um D value, 550 billion. Okay sounds about right. The [ __ ] out of here 50 billion [ __ ], like a million dollars from YouTube matters, such [ __, ], yeah. It's not watching your language really. Is that because of Theodore Oh, what can I say? They're [, __ ]? Oh we're gonna, do no cursing in front of them. I'm I'm working on that I am at home, I'm good, not cursing mm-hmm, but here on the podcast, don't able to [ __ ] cut me. You know: I shouldn't press your regular uh, my [ __ ], um G. Sorry, you left. Forgive me boycott ug, we're thinking of making a video about it. We've got a whole, damn thing we're working on me and the guys we got some testimonials from big youtubers, because we got a boycott, um G. We got to hit him where it hurts. We gotta tell the artists we got to tell the company and one's got to know what's going on here. This is the problem with me I'm, so big though it's hard to boycott them, because it's like yeah, you can't your favorite, your favorite artist, like almost guaranteed. That's part of you, so don't listen to him anymore. Yeah, I completely agree with you. That's why we're trying to think of creative ways to get them to notice. Yeah I. Guess, like you said: Dave need to be educated themselves for well yeah the problem they're creating we just need their marketing manager to take notice and be like Oh. What is this? This is bad PR. For us. We need to change this mm-hmm, although the marketing manager is probably the one with all that extra revenue looking good so but someone up high ups got to be like oh um, cheese name is garbage on YouTube. Meanwhile, everyone keeps buying the records cuz. Nobody cares. No, we haven't thought we have an idea, but most of all it kind of sucks to see YouTube of all people who's supposed to be our ally. Being like oh um, cheese, big ass, big [, __ ] feels so good. In my ass shout to um gee they're worth fifty billion dollars, we love T, anal, beads I. Think that works as long as you're saying YouTube, not a specific I'm, Susan I didn't say so. Yeah you didn't know she's the CEO. If it was a guy, I would say that - I love anal play reach-around. Give me a reach-around baby: hey, okay, whatever we're gonna take a break guys. We have so much more to get to when we return, so don't freaking even think about going away. You know those times when every day feels the same, like you're, on autopilot, how you're so caught up in your routine, that you forget to take care of yourself well, Dulles shave club makes it easy to take care of yourself when that happens. It's that quality product baby. That makes you feel smell. Look and your gosh-darn best I get everything I need from Dollar Shave Club without going to the store. Let's start here with this meaty, weighty, beautiful razor that is probably the only razor on the market, it doesn't give me razor burn. I use it on the back of my neck. I have a beard, so you know I use it there is it there. You didn't wanna know where I use it down. There. Nothing makes a razor glide over your skin. Like that shave, butter boy, you got to feel this butter on your face to know what I'm talking about and you'll save yourself. Mmm butter they've got pretty much everything amazing shave, stuff, they've got the razors. They've got the body wash they've got the shampoo they've got the toothpaste, you name it they've got it. It's all happening there. Their body washes smells fantastic. You're gonna want to put that in your butt crack too. Everything goes in the buck rack, including the me to the the heavy meaty razor ends, but that's up to you. That's not their recommended use. That's just something! I like to get my morning off right, Dollar Shave Club has spent years developing crafting and refining their products. There's so much better than anything I've ever used. You can get a Dollar Shave Club starter set boom for just five bucks. It comes with everything you need to feel great, get a great shave, the executive razor, the shave butter, the face, cleanser you're, gonna, love it as much as I do and I do love it. Get your starter set for just $5 at dollarshaveclub.com, slash, h3, that's dollarshaveclub.com, slash, h3 listening makes us smarter and more connected people, there's no better place to listen. Audible members choose three titles: every month, one audiobook plus two audible originals that you can't hear anywhere else. You just go to a you d, ible dot-com, slash, h3, podcast or text h3 podcast, 2, 500 500 and browse their unmatched selection of audio content. Most of here's. What I want to tell you about? I've, been listening to the Witcher, a game that I and many of us gamer boys out there, love and I. Don't know that everyone knows, but that whole Witcher universe was built off these novels that existed before I think there's something like 10 novels that bill and expanded this big beautiful world, so I highly recommend with a new there's, a Witcher TV series coming out on Netflix, which is super exciting and I highly recommend you guys get into it now get in on those details. Man, The Witcher novels, are on audible and I definitely check them out start listening with a 30-day trial and your first audiobook plus two audible originals are free. When you go to audible.com, slash, HTTP, podcast or text, h3, p, OD c AST to 500 500 get witcher for free, freaking, listen, audible, gay, okay, it's dinnertime, you're, fat, you're, starving your stomach. Hurts you don't know what to do to go to eat sound, familiar yeah, everyday, every night of my life. Guess what with door -, you don't need to get up from the couch and you don't need to cook a meal, and you definitely don't need to clean it up anymore, either. Door - connects you to your favorite restaurants in your city. Them ordering is easy: just use the door - app and choose what you want to eat and a Dasher will bring it to you any where you are not only is that burger place, you love on door - already, but over three hundred and ten thousand other amazing restaurants are to door. - connects you with door to door delivery in over 3300 cities in all 50 states and canada. Well, canada. I'm surprised anyone goes up their order from your local go to Zoar choose from your favorite chains like Chipotle, wendy's, chick-fil-a and the cheese factory. Don't worry about dinner, guys, let's dinner, come to you take a day off for Christ's sake. You deserve it with door. -! Here's the special offer! There's gonna blow your freakin mind right now our listeners get five dollars off their first order of $15 or more when you download door - app and enter promo code. Hd did I hear a free five dollars on your dinner order. Sorry say that again, that's five dollars off your first order when you download the door - app from the App Store and enter promo code. H3 again, that's promo code HD for five dollars off your first order from door. - nobody's got time to go to the post office, you're busy, we're all busy so who's going through traffic parking lugging. You gotta lugged your packages, it's a freaking hassle. Give me a break. The year is 2019. Let's start acting like it with stamps calm, they bring all the amazing services of the u.s. post office right to your computer, whether your small office, sending invoices and online seller shipping out products or even a warehouse sending thousands of packages a day stamps.com can handle it all with ease, simply use your computer to print official US postage 24/7 for any letter any package, any class of mail anywhere. You want to send once your mail is ready, you just hand it off to your mail carrier or drop it in a mailbox. It's that simple! Well, Sam comm you get five cents off every first class stamp and up to 40% off Priority Mail. So it's even cheaper. Give me a break. It's a no-brainer stamps, calm, saving you time and money. It's no wonder over 700 thousand small businesses already use stamps calm right now. Our listeners get a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a digital scale without any long-term commitment, just go to stamps. Calm click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in h3. That stamps calm, look for that micro microphone and enter h3 glad to have you back EULA. Thank you. It's nice to be max nice to have my wingmom chin, I, winged, Hmong speaking of boycotts. Something disgusted me almost as much as this UMG business, possibly even more. Our boy, Jack Jack's, film friend of the show upstanding citizen and, as everybody knows, has the record for the deepest dab fortnight ripped off his [ __ ]. Deep dab, didn't credit him didn't ask him for permission, didn't even be like hey, I'm, a I'm, a they're, making money, potentially millions of dollars off this deep, dad watch this [ __ ] we about to purchase my own. This is not okay. We need to rally the troops. The h3h3 army is say the guy from the fresh Carlton yeah yeah, except the difference is that I feel like I feel like there's a difference, one being that that's a whole - he's an individual who he developed this deep dab. He had a whole video about the deepest dad possible. Okay and and number three knows. The biggest reason is this: is my friend all right: it's not cool I tweeted out. What's the CC you about that seriously of what do you think they only mine anything for tonight, yeah? Well, they're [, __ ]! Yes, they owe him yeah. They should pay up. Man well watch this video and you tell me afterwards, but the h3h3 army, I'm your general freebish maximus and we are going to war. Finally, we found something to go to war with CEO of fortnight. What's the Epic Games right yeah, what our accounts Tim, Sweeney, look at this nerd. Sorry I shouldn't say that but pay up babe, who else tweet all these all these epic game guys? How much are they worth Oh? Fifteen billion yeah? You can afford to pay him a couple hundred thousand, which is what you owe him, maybe even anything. So let me see yeah okay, I just want. We need a call to action, but here literally about to purchase my own emote and fort I call the deep dab. That's what Jack called it. That's me I'm Siri. Can we play that again? That's me man, there, socially yeah, that's my deep dad! Oh no I need to get some v bucks. First, let me do that. Let's get some v bucks all right. How much is to be buck? Do we now use my code? Real Jax Phil do, but does anyone play for at night? How much is 200 v bucks, the code of it for tonight? Has this thing where you can make a code so that when you buy it, it's helped support that person a little bit. It's nothing Jack set it up himself. He told me right before he told me like this morning that he's made $300 from it. What she shouldn't be, he shouldn't even be they probably made you know $30,000 from his code, but what the millions of people are playing. This didn't even know that it where it came from and the deep dab is such an epic original concept that he personally invented anything that they they own like a license. Whew. What would you? Okay, truthfully? It's probably legally gray, mm-hmm, okay, yeah, so there's good practices and there's bad practices. Is it legally uh? Is it legal what they did? Probably because the Carlton thing got thrown out as far as I'm aware, although Jack may have thrown out exactly that's actually still pending? Okay? Well, probably because it's hard to prove that Jack has ownership over this well, no, the problem is that you can't patent a dance move or something like that, something some kind of weird thing, but I think that even jacksFilms has a better claim to owning this, then Carlton does yeah by far because Jack made a whole video about it and hold develop video about developing the concept they used the exact same name. It's like it's like a comedy bit by a comedian. Anyway, exactly so I think if Jack wanted to sue them, which I'm sure he doesn't if you wanted to go up against a 20 billion or, like a you, know, 20 billion dollar company as an individual he's, not probably gonna, get very far. That's why I'm saying there's good practices and there's bad practices? What they're doing here is a very bad, bad practice, very bad bad faith, anti creator anti individual practice. This is the bigeye versus the little guy. If they were good, they were good practices. What you do see in companies sometimes, for example, great practice was with was the name overkill in a payday - such a great practice. They did with us where they were very open handed. We were together, they wanted to put us in the game now. If they wanted to put this dab in the game, they should have been in touch with Jack from the beginning. They should have said: hey we're, gonna pay you and they should even have collaborated and been like. You know what let's do a collaboration where you announce and he would have loved it. Yes talked about it, it would have been a whole something for everybody, but they they essentially stole and I do I think. Frankly, he does have a good legal case. You know I think he does. They stole his joke right, which well watch this I mean it's like the same thing in common. The word like it's not illegal, but it's really bad. No one's gonna respect you that's right, except it's even worse, because you guys were twenty billion dollars and and they're selling it. It's not like you go buy, I mean joke is one thing, but it's like buy this deep, stab and also I, don't know if they called the Carlton. The Carlton I doubt it, because that would prove they stole from him, but Jack called it. The deep dad rushes, let's buy my own emote. What is that, like two bucks, yeah I? Looked it up? A hundred bucks is a dollar okay. So here's what happened yesterday, a ton of you guys sent me screen caps and videos and gifts of a supposed leak in the next fortnight update or something and all of these leaks included this deep dab. As an emote, and thank you guys so much for sending this to me for tonight, epic games did not contact me about this. I had no prior knowledge that this emote was going into the game and by the way, can we just compare the two movies because it yeah same thing. You can't be like oh yeah, that kind of looks like it. No, no, they it's practically mocast life. You would have thought I want you to do put on a mote cap. It's the same thing. They did the Carleton when you watch them side-by-side, you're like no. They just captured that yeah also he's the only man a capable of doing a deep dab that deep he's trained professional he's like the yogi master. This punch a piece of wood in the same place like a million times and therefore his fists as hard as rock and he's the only one that could punch it with an inch away from it. Following of my terrible video from exactly two years ago to the Milo, if we need this, of course, jack is always ahead of his time. He's like such as thought. It was a new video dude Jack is that always comes out with these gems, where it's like the deepest dad, my deepest dad two years later, fortnight's picking it up get real dude I want Jack to I, need Jack to be paid $100,000 for this and and recognized that's what I want the h3h3 army I your general foolish Maximus command you. We must get justice for Jack's films for this deep dab and then it hit me. I can make a creator code because the fortnight is gonna put this move behind a paywall I may as well benefit from it a little bit so as of yesterday, I do set up the code which I, which well he's just going and making them more money. You know what I mean he said he made 300 bucks from it. They probably give him like 1% yeah we demand justice. Does episode, is about still Ian, it's not okay, Tim! So here we go Tim Sweeney epic games on Twitter. You know, I saw this. Guy's Twitter account he's the head of a [, __ ] video game company. This guy should be from well familiar with tech, look at his profile picture and ask what the [ __ ] 140 tim, pixel and pixel by the way every 10,000 VBox spent towards that purchase. Jack gets five bucks, so it's basically five percent gross yeah. So the fact that he made three hundred means that do the math. For me, real, quick, Oh, three hundred yeah I mean crushes numbers. - no I mean it means that they sold like tens of thousands right yeah, and that's just the people that use his, which is probably comparatively almost nothing right. If, at the very least they should just Auto apply his code to anybody. Buying that you know what I mean like at least give him the right person, universe, yeah only 5% for people that know his. Yes do. They have epic games. Customer service, Twitter I want to give people I mean we need a call-to-action here, because clearly teams, team, pixel, Todd or whatever his name is isn't gonna, hear it. Let's hit up in Epic Games and say we demand justice for Jack. Bupa army is here we are here. We are legion. We do not forget or forgive jacksFilms owns the deep dab and we maybe should I. Let them word it. We demand action for Jack's film. They can word their own to its angry. We he does. He demands to be compensated for this epic games. Also, that move is probably a real hit. Yes. Well, it's 6,000 is how much was soul, the epic made for him to make 300 but again I'm sure they sold way more than bro they're gonna statues of thousands of dollars, not yeah. So do you think this one? Did he tweet last? Oh, he retweeted something seven hours ago, so head up to Tim, Sweeney and also mentioned chanted to update us a profile pic to eat, owns a tech company for Christ's sake. Maybe it thinks it's an epic maybe thinks it's funny. Irony gag I guess well either way tweet his ass. Let's see what he's been up to he's. Talking, [ __ ] about him valve Shh. Give me a break yeah. Let's get justice for our boy Jack. This is unacceptable. Oh that's me, my gut all right. Okay, let's move on panicking slightly dead air. I closed my document, you entertained them. The next thing up in your dock is okay. If you want to give a little intro to this, no I'm just gonna Oh Jay Sampson is a man with a knife who killed two people. Was it in the 90s uh yeah mid, 90s, mid 90s for a younger audience, I mean everybody knows Oh Jay, but Oh Jay was a phenomenal. He was a superstar basket player basketball player. No, he wasn't football. I meant thank you football and he had started dabbling in movies as well he's become quite a famous actor. He was pretty much one of the most famous. He was kinda like LeBron James of the time. If I'm being honest, he was like a household name is in the Naked Gun Naked Gun exactly, and he was a very likeable guy to it. I mean everyone loves, seeing him on screen. He was a great football player. He had it all going on, except until one day his wife and lover were found, murdered, viciously yada yada yada. He went on trial ex wife by the way XY they were divorced. Okay, thank you. He there was this trial that was like televised. It was like the biggest fricking. They were calling it the trial of the century really, and it was in fact there's a great documentary about it. We watched on H on Netflix people, the people were so J Simpson or something yeah. That's what it's going I'm so good. If you don't have followed that whole saga, it's definitely watched I'm really good, so he was also investigated for domestic violence. While he was married to Nicole Brown, who was his murdered ex-wife, they got a divorce, yada yada yada. There was all this crazy things, but anyway they found a glove and the murder weapon. They found his eye. His I don't even know how the [ __ ] he got off, but everyone now justice is like common knowledge. Friends I think it became a race issue. It was a race yeah I mean that was part of it and the other big part of it was the police were crooked. His [ __ ] well and most of their evident they're they're proof hinged on DNA evidence, and that was a very new concept at the time and most people think that the jurors can just understand how legit the fact that his DNA was all over the crime scene that that they didn't realize that how significant that was interesting, yeah and there was one pivotal moment. That's kind of historic is like in the documentary they show what a big deal was, but apparently in case law, you never want to give the defendant control of key evidence, so they gave AJ the glove that was found to be the the love that where they were murdered him, but he wore a glove and he twisted his thumb around and [ __ ] to make it look like the glove didn't fit, and so there's this famous line. If the, if it don't fit, you must acquit I thought he was wearing like a plastic glove. He was evidence. Yeah I didn't want to contaminate it yeah, but also he was like you know. Not it's easy. It's easy to like jet your thumb out and be like it doesn't go on. You know it's also just like what is the glove being slightly small have to do exactly, but again, that's why that's why the attorney was like. Don't give the central piece of evidence to the defendant because they can do dumb, [ __ ] like that, and then all the sudden there's doubt in people's mind anyway, this guy's such a such a winner. He was acquitted of murder and he was uh, but he was found. He was found to be at fault in civil case, so the family of the murdered pseudo J Simpson for wrongful death and actually won. It was an out of trip yeah, so he's been paying that their family off for many years and then in Vegas him being the winner and fantastic dude that he is. He committed Rob, he armed robbery, stealing back his own memorabilia from a Vegas casino and he served nine years in prison. For that, can you imagine getting off on murder and then going to prison for some dumbass [ __ ] like that? Stealing your now it wasn't! The chase, so there was this famous chase that was during the trial, where he's like I'm going to Mexico. He was in this white Bronco. He had a gun to his head, he's like I'm, going to Mexico I'm gonna, kill myself, whatever he's [ __ ] crazy. So anyway, the whole point of all this recap is that he is on Twitter. He opened a Twitter account and everybody's been climbing on him. It's been so good. I have so much sure. There's one of my favorite stories of the year. It's so much fun now. First of all, the great first fact is that he opened his Twitter account on the 25th anniversary of the murder. Is that a coincidence, or is that? Okay, it's a well another thing about OJ's that he wrote a book called. If I did it and it was so grotesque that nobody would publish it really yeah I guess someone was going to publish it and everyone's like dude, that's [ __ ] up and then they dropped him and he wrote it was a. It was a hypothetical account of if he did it yeah. You believe that psycho yeah he's a psycho, so let's go here and see the OJ Simpson, the real OJ 32 baby. What's the 32 I think there's just a lot of parity accounts. No, that was his number at the top come on so about 30 minutes. This is this gets so good you guys. So after about 30 minutes of making his account, somebody hacked it and starts tweeting [, __ ]. This is the real oj 32, where the [ __ ] at I, killed her I didn't, kill anybody. Let's link our Kelly, there's one where there's a racial slur here that I don't want to show, but some they say the n-word yeah and yeah so I, and then it shows here account suspected huh, but he recovered his account. Hey can even love that it took like [, __, ], 20 minutes, I somebody to get into that [ __ ] and be tweeting I killed her. Can you imagine because he made a video when he first made it to prove it? Was him where's that video I think you just scroll down it's? Actually, it's still up here the person. This is yours, truly hello to the world. This is yours, truly wait. What is this one Weiser's? No, no I, all the way. That's the truly coming soon the Twitter you'll get to read all my thoughts and opinions on just about everything. Now, there's a lot of fake oj accounts out there. So this one at the real oj 32 is the only official one. So it should be a lot of fun. I got a little getting even to do so. God bless. Take care! Sorry, okay, let's not have do you know what happens when AJ gets even yeah? Why did he? What is he getting even about? Also? Why is what's with this people? It's got the same vibe as Garth Facebook video I, like was like I'm, just cooking down the walls between you and me really like that. I love watching all those videos. What else we got here but I when he said I got getting even to do. I was like [ __ ], this guy's threatening my life Twitter, there's no accountability, sports, fantasy football and even politics, but for now let me just say to my fellow fathers out there happy Father's, Day, happy Father's Day to Ron and Nicole his parents, father. Yes, you know what yes, yes, good, that's right, every every video he made as it as a little touch of like of a threat, yeah I'm, getting even like you got score to settle all this time. You guys thought you could say whatever you want about me, he's definitely murdered them not anymore. So here, let's see if there's any threats in the third one. Oh it's truly! You know this is my first venture into the social media world and it's amazing. You know, especially how quickly they could put up counterfeit sites anyway, we'll deal with that. What Bo Dallas exactly I'll do the sports world. This is his published base. Okay, be cool, we'll be talking about the once in a while I'm a long time. Papa can talk about something else, and this is one of those times. You know he's like a brother to me. He's a great guy, he met married Chris and they really had a terrific time together when they were together. Unfortunately, I killed them. Oh, but never never in any way shape or form have I ever had any interest in Chris romantically, there's a long-running rumor that she is, what is it Khloe, Khloe, Kardashian's, real father? Oh, don't know if there's any well it even that he's denying it obviously What did. He say he said we'll take care of that later tasteless, that's Ken! You on Mauryan pyramid, like all the girls I'm very proud of just like I, knew Bob would be if he was here, but the simple fact of the matter is she's. Not mine. Now to say is my manager? I have one manager in my whole life Chuck Barnes, when I came out of USC for three years. Unfortunately, he died about 45 years ago, but with the help of skipped half my lawyer, my two assistants, Marilyn O'brien, the late Marilyn O'brien a. Why is everyone dead? My two assistants, the late Marian O'brien, damn Oh, J and I've always managed my own I, like the thing very successful. So when you see these guys like norm- and these guys claim that they're, my manager is just not true and they have done a deal here- they're one of these guys and and I'll make sure they never see the Sun again. That's it for today take care bro for happy Father's Day, sending out threats of the world yeah. So anyway, this would AJ's been up to it. But now so this [ __ ]. Oh my god, this part is insane so there's a parody account of OJ Simpson, there's been so many of them. Cuz he's not been on Twitter of OJ with a knife, and he makes all these jokes about how OJ killed mm-hmm the two Nicole and what was her boyfriend's name Nicole and Ron go Ron Goldman and he starts threatening him in the DM. Z-- bro like og, doesn't realize that, because he's so new he doesn't understand that Dan's aren't actually private and just just take the man, you wouldn't never guess who the hell. This messaged me on Twitter in Adina, [, __, ], Oh, Jay Simpson, just messaged me I loo. This is complaining and everything right delete. This account. I will have my boy, remove it for false misleading content, I didn't post so I'm like all right cool. You know, I, don't think he knows that you're allowed to have a parody account with Twitter or not. But I do this I said uh and if I, don't you gonna stab me -, yeah lying you me and millions know the truth. You tripping over a parody account lol, welcome to Twitter bro this guy and he said, like I, said, delete this parody account bro. Imagine you made a odj parody account - slam dunk on him and then OJ's DMing, you all butthurt, that's the dream for one of these internet trolls, but luck and he only has like 300 for right, a small thing: I guess: yes, dude watch this [ __ ] around and he said, like I, said, delete this parody account as you call it or face serious consequences by me. I'll find your ass one way or another, so don't mess with me. I got nothing to lose grow up. Okay, so I sent his ass. Okay, we're gonna thumbs up right. Look. What is that symbol like it dude, that's, crazy and I. Go what you gonna kill me too. This is the [ __ ]. You got your ass locked up the second time it should have been the first get it together and take her pills, brah brah. It's a pity dunking and this for you guys, gonna, say his thing and now he's on no, that's that yeah, oh just too much the real oj, 32 he's proving it. This is this Shipra. So there's that there's a update, video as well. This crazy [ __ ] dude. They continue. The conversation continues again so Oh Jay Dion's me again. Okay, we'll check this out. It's his actual account. I'm gonna click it here in a minute and show you guys he continues with the odium. He goes think I'm playing, [, __, ] and I go Sally, nope! Look! If you're look look if my little Twitter account with 300 followers bugs use that much then manny, weakest, [, __, ], okay, so I only get 300. One follows I. Seen you seen that video? You just posted about me! Think I'm playing tired of all your [ __ ], Apple I, will find your Isaac, like you, don't believe me just watch and see [ __ ]. What is it literally have more followers than me and more convincing than mine left myself, you gonna [ __ ] rage with all knife. Emojis next I mean come on. This literally is the OJ. It's really wild. I wonder if this is like okay I go to get him in legal trouble. When I waive single me out. That's all good I, don't mind having a parody account. This actually is funny to me. He goes just wait. I'm gonna bless your ass. All over Twitter 400 J should not be sending knife emojis the students like if you, if you're OJ, Simpson's right- oh he's still typing. Oh my god, right now, Oh Jay Simpson. If there's one emoji, you should not be using it's a knife: emoji yeah, look crazy, I thought I'd be getting even I got a little getting even to do what a [ __ ], psycho yeah wonderfully I can get his ass back in prison for sending knife emojis, because when it comes from a known murderer that comes for a little more than just goofing around I'm, just I wonder if he has anyone around him. Like is no one advising him he's too old-school he's on this phone on Twitter. Nobody knows what - Oh Jason honest on Twitter here. These are some new parody accounts. Now that are popping up Oh real Oh, Jay 32 can't believe these mother effers got my name wrong and he's got the black Club RJ, with the black love and blood on the Starbucks mm-hmm beautiful that one's not gonna, make him happy. He blocked the Dolan dark. Apparently. So. Congratulations to Dolan, dark, Dolan dark said. Could I get your opinion on how you got away with murdering your wife. You've been blocked, Oh Jay you're, not ready for Twitter bro, no brah, brah yeah. You can't just walk away from technology and come back on Twitter, especially as Oh Jay, okay and just to put a little perfect bow on top of this here. Somebody linked this old interview look yeah enjoy this got me started. Did you do it? No I did nope. He had a surprise for me and I genuinely was surprised, I think it was his idea of a joke, and this is it watch this okay, you really missed. It did not do it after we finished filming O'jays said to me that he had a surprise for me and I genuinely was surprised, I think it was his idea of a joke, and this is it. Oh, my god, and it was so free boo who are listening, the audio she opened the door and he had a knife in his hand and was doing like the sago like I was a banana was a banana yeah, and then he did these huge, crazy eyes at the camera. Afterwards, crazy, Wow, yeah, Oh Jay something else. Man but like I, mean I, think Oh Jay, threatening a parody account with knives, will go down. It's one of my favourite things: we've ever walked out on the show. It's so good. Oh speaking, of um speaking of people who shouldn't be on Twitter back on Twitter Bill, Cosby America's dad is on Twitter to wish everybody a Happy, Father's Day. Now, first before I, read it to you, let's enjoy his banner. His panner is just I'm, not really sure. What's going on here on the left side and then and then when you click is logo, it's Bill Cosby, far from finished order now on Amazon. Is that really available on Amazon, the yellow and the pudding you put the pudding didn't to get low, I'm so bad at impressions, but and then so. This is like real old people, Facebook [ __ ]. So then he makes a happy dad tweet and he tweets the same exact thing three times now. It's not him right. Cuz he's in prison, I, don't know. I saw someone say that it's his wife, Rhynie yeah, it's gotta, be somebody well. I was like good for you bill. You can use Twitter in prison. I didn't know that hey, hey, hey, it's America's, dad I know it's late, but to all the dads, it's an honor to be fathers. So, let's make today a RINO dothe to fulfill our purpose, strengthen our families and not to drugged women and roofie them know, and then he tweets the same thing three times literally the same exact message: hey, hey, it's America's, dad I know it's late, but then he added a hashtag happy Father's Day with a little video at rest. Oh the video actually has no real relevance at all. I have to sleep breaking up the black. It's about breaking up black family I'm, all for history to teach. It's got my rock history right straight, happy, Treader and three times a charm: hey, hey, it's Father's, Day yep! Yes, also I! Think they keep using this like hash tag, free Bill, Cosby Oh for real in the tweets. So they maintain his innocence to this day. But it's all set up. Let's see June teens continue to raise hell, Central Park, five free Bill, Cosby they're like whoa; let's not mix those [Laughter], that's so fine March for freedom, gay rights, women's choice, free Bill, Cosby, it's like whoa, let's not lump those all together! Hmm, you know I mean I, love, it love it love it love, it love it. What do you think about this? I saw this and it kind of shocked me Kim, K, I'm fascinated with Kim K I can't stop talking about her. This is her mom's hand. She invented this thing body or grandma body makeup. Let me show you this cuz. It is well the best product. She probably didn't invent it, but it is it work. It doesn't work remarkably well, but yeah. They probably do this, like on coroner's, probably been using this [ __ ] for hundreds of years yeah. Well, the people who like take care of dead bodies for a job they make them. Look nice and stuff. She's, like I, just took this straight from the corners. You can look good while you're still alive, so she that's kind of explain where her makeup guy puts it on her mm-hmm and she's, like he always had this like small supply of this product, that we could never find anywhere. So we made it ourselves some wonder if they didn't get it somewhere, like takers yeah. Well, what's the big deal anyway? It's just like a beige arm. Color, it's like foundation, right, yeah, yeah, but anyway, I mean the idea of walking wrong with makeup. Will let me play the video walking around makeup on your. Obviously it's amazing you make a beautiful dancer. That's amazing! How long does that stay on it? Rubs right off I mean for me. It stays on really all day. She puts it on you're, not touching anything. If you walk around like this and it does it I mean it does work really hard, it's pretty incredible, but you don't work and now grandma you're ready to for the open, casket funeral. Imagine you're going to that's the dark I'm! Sorry, but it's true that's what this is. What coroner's do you're going to someone's house and they're like a white, couch and they're like have a seat and rights right? You can't tell because obviously, if you saw a girl, who's wearing put her face, hmm come up all [ __ ] up, but now Nana who's, so old. She forgot she's got makeup on her arms sits down. So why is every time Nana's over here? Our couch gets all smudged up with brown here, Nana put the we've got your makeup on no here's, the casket. If you want to just rest here, it's like rehearsal, okay, Wow, like is that for women for a moment yeah. They already got to worry about so much now we're gonna worry about this eh I'm gonna put makeup on our body. On your freaking hand, can we have come on? You know what I'm saying yes, we're kidding I mean on one hand, Kim Kardashian just wants to sell more product she's like oh well, [, __, ], arms, let's cover the arms, but it's like think of the people. Man Kim Kardashian's walk around with an arm makeup. Well, I! Think if you set it a little bit of mostly powder yeah but cheap, look, how fat she lightly dabs there yeah that happened on my couch I would not be happy. Look how it doesn't come on. I think that's a great point heel! It's like! Can we just let the ladies have a break? We got to worry about our hair. Read this and that eyebrows hair it's atlas. Now we got to put a makeup on our buddy anal bleaching. Never ends I mean seriously. Think about anal bleaching like how, like that's the ultimate. You got to worry about how your anus looks. Okay, like -, give me a break over here. Huh yeah, that's a really good point, but these makeup girls they're just they're unreasonably rich and it kind of pissing me off lately. Cuz I was talking about last episode: I'm not becoming a billionaire selling clothing. You know: what's [ __ ] up about the makeup, they get you hooked. It's like a drug. They up charge your ass. It costs like 20 cents to make they charge you 50 bucks, so already they're margin insane, but it's a consumable product on my clothing that can last for ever. If you buy a good product so they consume it and then they get addicted to where it's like. Oh I, can't go outside. Unless I have my makeup, I don't feel confident. I don't feel like myself and I like this once when I'm gonna buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, and you have these girls spending five hundred thousand dollars a month on makeup. I got this comment. A lot like my mom was just here telling me like yesterday, you're so lucky that you don't need makeup, but I, don't know how I feel about that statement. I don't know if I'm being like unfair but I, don't think anyone needs me. No I think you're you've never wore makeup and therefore people are used to seeing you without me. Yeah. It mean sometimes I. Look like I just woke up, even though I didn't, because I'm not wearing wake up and I can look pale or whatever, but but that's just how I look I don't know I'm, not gonna worry about it. I think most women, it's just a matter of how you're used to seeing yourself. That applies to guys too, and so you, you draw your confidence in your normal miss bite. When you look in the mirror- and you see okay, that's what I'm used to seeing. So so, if girls never wore makeup to begin with and that's how they were used to seeing themselves, they wouldn't be addicted to it. Mm-Hm and I. Think that's where you like, like I've, had that experience when I'll just shave, all the sudden and I look totally normal there, one else but I'm like oh, my god, I can't go outside yeah I am so embarrassed. I am so I'm, so ugly, I'm disgusting I'm not going I'm, not leaving the house I. Remember one time in college, I, shaved, I, thought, I, look, so bad I, wouldn't even go downstairs and I and I bet. Girls feel the same way about makeup, because they're used to seeing themselves like that. Obviously, if your face is shaved, every guy walks around the shave face nobody's gonna. Look at you any different yeah, it's just a matter of they get you addicted there. They make. You feel like you need it and then, once you start using it, you can't see yourself without it, and now this [ __ ] selling, you arm makeup, nipple, makeup, container, bleach, lip gloss but seriously, but seriously you got the lipstick. You've got the gloss. You got the eyeliner, you got the paint, it's like how many [ __ ] makeups you would do. We need I mean seriously. How much do girls spend on makeup every month, I, don't I find ribs. Hundreds I've never been down in the mix. I personally, don't feel, like my I feel like I'm dirty when I have makeup on like I feel like it can't touch my face. Yeah cuz, something's gonna come off. I won't want to walk around like Vaseline on my face, just seems so gross, but you gave back so but the but it's expensive. Yes, it's very expensive and just think about all these rich. All these, like Beauty people who are popping up and you keep hearing about how rich they are. It's like yeah, Geoffrey, star, Kylie, Jenner, it's like even [, __, ], Tati or whatever all this stupid low-level [, __, ], they're, making millions of dollars, because it's just such a [, __, ] I, don't wanna, say con, but it's like a sleazy business. It's like a drug dealer. You got crazy margins. You got people addicted. You got people that they need more they're, always needing more. That's what I'm saying I'm in the wrong business. I could start selling Super Trouper our makeup, because I'm not ever gonna become a billionaire, so I'm sure people are into makeup or probably will probably completely disagree. What we saying right now, cuz we're like I, don't think so. I think I'm betting on the whole I think they know in their makeup is an art form like really yes, not everyday, though yeah and a lot of girls staple it up, slop it on they slop it on. You know when you were uh when you were growing up. Did you uh use makeup like in high school? Never never did you have I, don't know at all. When you were kid, I think that's what a lot of girls start with it. Is there like ashamed of having a bunch of pimples I was ashamed of my pimples for sure, but you just rocked it, but you know I. Think you just didn't like I think Eva has a tactile issue like sunscreen. You just don't like stuff on your face right, so you never went through the process wearing the makeup, and now you came out of it and everyone's like oh you're. So lucky you don't need makeup. It's like no you're all just used to me not wearing makeup mm-hmm women are they're, all beautiful. They all beautiful without makeup. It's just what you're used to seeing I. Don't understand these before-and-afters whenever I see like makeup before and after most of the times, I don't show an article about girls during labor they'll bring their makeup said for the pictures and do like complete, crazy makeup eyes. Then you take a picture. That's like gonna, be your big picture with the baby: that's mental illness. Do you understand how insane that is during labor? That is so insane and I totally believe it. You know so I can't think I think makeups a racket. Why is Kylie Jenner a billionaire? Why is Jeffrey star like a [, __, ] trillionaire? Who [ __ ] cares dude. You know I'm pissed that I'm not making that much money. We need to make closer like evaporate. How do we make clothes that you can eat and they evaporate on your potty yeah I'm, making enough money with this [ __ ] clothing, [, __, ], um, okay, there's two more videos: I want to watch. Judge Judy kicks out a dude for having too much fun. You can watch Judge Judy. She breaks this poor guy's heart he's having such a fun time. Apparently he was laughing too loud and she didn't like it. But just watch this. The gaze of Judy's life out. It's like a Tim and Eric yeah. What did he do? He looks mortified. You laugh too hard. He enjoyed himself too much and then the ponytail yeah. He has a ponytail, that's why, but everyone was laughing, you got too hard. I'm sure in the studio is probably coming off louder than what we could hear. I guess she thought he was doing some kind of shenanigans, maybe to be heard or something in the episode, but he looks absolutely mortified. I love the day off to come. Watch this show you're, my favorite I will having it imagine like you travel to LA, you love Judge, Judy you. Finally, there you're loving every second you're laughing you're enjoying yourself and judge Judy's like you get the [ __ ] out and then the cult of Judy. It's almost like everyone else, there's about to start spitting on him, two on the way out: [ __ ], you you're, not one of us [ __, ], amazing, you know, what's the best -, they didn't cut this out. She loves it. She didn't cut it out. She character, this guy didn't sign up to be publicly shamed. He's just come to enjoy the show yet she's kept in this part, where she's publicly shaming this pedestrian and showing his face close-ups of his face get out. Poor guy, what did he do? It's whenever you laugh towards some ways? Do you think it's a good life? No, it's not what it is. Mr. Coffey, it's what you make it I just thought. We got a little life lesson at the end. There tonight remember mr. Cuffy that little Danny yeah you did yeah. How was it thank you? So congratulations -! Oh my god, I'm! Not in it! Thank you! I can't watch it when I'm in it I know I, don't like I watched it with you, part of it and I. Okay, oh yeah I push the button to pause it and it's a little delayed and then goes back and I pause. It yeah. Okay, that's beside the point! I! Don't like watching it and I'll. Tell you why? Because when I come in here and form, I want to do it in a vacuum. I don't want to do it about like Oh. What I think about that or I. Don't want to be self-aware at all, really as little as possible. So when I watch means there are certain points, I think, especially in the beginning, were we were having audio issues or I? Have a tendency to talk over the gas or I have bad habits on the mic, where I'll be like mmm something I'm still working on, but I think for the most part at least now I like to just be here in a vacuum as much as possible. I, don't agree, yeah, yeah, I, don't want my own doubts in my head and I. Don't want the audience's voices in my head either because that's some point it was getting hard to express yourself without even before saying anything, you already start thinking. What are they gonna think about what I'm gonna say right and it's like paralyzing, you end up not saying anything. You lose your authenticity in a way, which is the reason we have to assume why people are watching it begin with. Is that we're here hanging out and I'm, expressing myself authentically so I? Think as a performer, you don't want to watch too much of yourself. That's at least for me, like I. Think you especially something like this podcast I mean it's pretty cringy watching yourself and you're, like oh I, sound like that I said that you know like. Why am I itching yeah right now, like I'm plucking, a [, __ ], that's probably good day and I was like trying to get a eyebrow hair off for doing that. This is so, let's wrap it up here with a trump man and again I'm, not getting political on your asses. We can all appreciate this left and right ela. You probably haven't seen this. Tell me what you think now at some point I might, but at some point up they get it because it's a finale. It's a fantastic financial statement. It's a fantastic financial salmon and let's do that over he's coughing in the middle of my aunt's yeah, okay, I, don't like that. You know like he's. Clowning is keeping staff in front of the cameras like I was like I, don't like you know and like no I, don't know, but there he goes. You should go outside, but they're inside a closed room like there's. Really an a coffee is very spontaneous yeah. I'm not sure how you can criticize someone for that, but I wonder if he was trying to tell him to be like oof: don't go there, 100 percenter prett it yeah I might. But at some point I'll talk about just a bit. It's a fantastic financial statement and Trump's prophecies he's coughing in the middle of my aunt's yeah, okay, and so he covers it up by being like tries to be super offended by the cough, but I think he was like bro don't go there on the financial statements, because that's that was kind of you could cough way more quiet than that. The guy was like I agree that I think he was trying to interrupt him. But I, don't know I thought if it kind of seems like Trump didn't pick up on it, but I think overcompensating to make it look like he was actually upset and that he did [ __ ] for your internal chest, which was very slick, yeah I think he was a slug to me. Forties chest baby you're, not on the international level of I thought. There was only a cough going on here and then guy look despite what a lot of liberals say. I do think. Trump is a very intelligent, strategic guy, so usually like, like, if you're in his position. How do you react if your chief of staff is being like shut up? They'll talk about that? How can you? How can you transition out of that and not make it look painfully obvious that you're you don't want to talk about that and that your chief of staff is tipping you off not to mention it, and this is kind of the best way possible. What about the rest of the clip, though? Does he actually stop talking about it after, let's watch I think he doesn't you'll save it and you can see it's Teddy's properties. Look us coffee after his coffee starts thinking and sorry, yeah I know I just want to catch the cops Karin Schill statement, it's a fantastic financial saving, oh my god, I think at the cuff, I'm sorry I apologize to everybody, I'm just going back to uni, but at some point they get it because it's a fantastic financial statement. It's a fantastic financial salmon and let's do that over he's coughing in the middle of my aunt's yeah. Okay, I! Don't like that! You know your chief of staff. You got a coffee, please just get just to change the shine! Sorry, okay, you want to do that. A little differently then yeah. So at some point. So at some point I look forward to so he was going back in. But what did he say he said? Come on I, look forward to frankly, I'd like to have people see him I guess it is the same. So maybe it was just butter. We give Trump too much credit okay, see I, think you're right about the chief of staff, trying to give him a heads up. I just think he didn't pick up on it, but then why would he be so offended that he like imagine? The chief of staff is like trying to tip him off and then Trump doesn't get it, and it's just about her steady coffee. Trump was a [ __ ] TV star for ten years and on a Hollywood set. If you cough yeah, you get kicked out, I mean that's a name, you know so I guess we'll never know and of falling back on his media training kind of thing. Just like his tax returns, we'll, never know yeah there you go great, either way great fun. Either way shall we get well, let's get one more update of baby Theodore as we sign out here today. What is he doing right now? We welcome back ela Klein from the mom army. I urge everybody to call to action today want tweet at pixel Todd from Epic Games, find out the sea of epic games and tell him that we demand justice for Jack mm-hmm and also make sure to go to TAFE fresh calm, because we have totally lost our minds. Few percent off 50% off crazy, teddy fresh sail, daddy, fresh calm, 50% off that [ __ ], it's good, though it's not you're driving with me. Thank you chairs. Anyway, it's good to have you back um, thank you and by the way yes I want to say you did a great job. I did do a the last two episodes. Oh thank you. I watched them at home and I really enjoyed it well. Thank you. Look at you, lover, you're, being all sweet and nice to me yep. What I do it appreciate yeah? What I did deserve the sign? That's it just sweet about it. So much just can you play attack Jill? What's up yeah, alright, guys well, stuff army, we'll see you next week, - love! You appreciate you wish you all the best and it's 13 minutes long so Dan to cut us off [Music].