This is weird: I am I, welcome everybody to http, uh, guys, I, don't know which camera to look at. We have with us here today, dr. Eric, ding epidemiologist, so I've been following you on Twitter for a long time, I'm, not sure how I came upon your tweets, but ever since this old virus kind of story broke and wuhan from the very origins you were sounding the alarms, and I was very keen used to everything you were saying and I have to say you cut. You have to feel at least a little bit, then I don't want to say vindicated because it's a horrible thing, but you were right right I mean you were right, I know it's a bittersweet thing. First law, um I, remember this thing like it was: it's like a fog like like I, feel like we're. Our friends have been saying like there's decades in which nothing happens, and then there's weeks in which decades happen and I feel like January was like two years ago and now oh yeah, it's like a total blur and I came in like that. I'm like how we even got here- and you know, I feel like I've aged so much during that time, and you know that's it along the way. You know I remember when we were trying to shut down what trying to petition to shut down Seattle on comic-con right right, I, remember that seems like ages ago was ages ago, and people thought we were crazy, yeah and then now people like oh yeah, we better shut down everything like 90% of countries. Let me give some context. This was back in gosh, I, don't even remember a Steidle was like hey and it was in Seattle, which was like the origin of the corona virus in the United States yeah. So Seattle Comicon was like hey guys. We know that there's this corona virus thing, but we are gonna, still do comic-con and, and then I first saw it from you. You're like this is insane. You guys have to cancel this and then I quote tweeted it, and you know, at the time I hear this kind of sentiment echoed a lot and it's absolutely true. It's like, if you're on time people say you are fear-mongering and if you're on time, you're way too late yeah. So how did you as a early alarm sounding the alarms way before most I mean? How did you respond to people calling you a fear, monger and a half, and all these was? It was pretty rough because, like first of all, I had like more inside details than just that. One paper with a big are not on three point: eight, which, by the way, the latest review. Can you unpack that? What is three point? Eight? What is three point. Eight mean three point: eight is like the reproductive never means for every infected person. That person infects three point: eight additional people and just for context. The reproductive number of the common seasonal flu is one point three. So three point eight is like almost three times higher and but it's not just three times higher its remember for every infected person. Three point: eight additional people, so this is exponentially much more than three times and so I I knew this epidemic was happening in early January, because I had relatives in China I was rushed and born there, but I'm all American, but they tell me this is weird. Pneumonia people are like dying getting sick and people are panicking and it's like it's a paranoia no-one's ever like experienced before and like when. You hear that you know China lots of crazy things happen, but to hear that kind of thing: it's not normal, but you know you can't shout just based on these kind of anecdotes right. That's so interesting, it's bad! How bad so you know like grasping for like in for over how bad and then that paper came out three point: eight and I'm like whoa, but the problem is I at that point. I only had like two thousand followers on Twitter I was never a big Twitter person. I have I've, actually have a 5.5 million person, Facebook page for my cancer campaign mmm, you know I actually didn't I. Actually that Facebook is not the best medium. If you want to reach reporters and world leaders and influencers, you have to use Twitter, but my Twitter was like nothing so I couldn't just whimper because most scientists, when they post on on Twitter, they just whimper it and it's like um, there's a suggestive evidence that that potentially could be a possibility of a no come on no one's gonna. Listen to that, and so I was like. Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna put a little crazy thread together and it was like before just before my bedtime. I saw this paper like I did a big deep. You know it got out of bed and I, took the deep science and tapped it out, and during that time, I tapped out you one post. That was a little bit off because I misread another paper, but um, but I quickly deleted that, but the gist was it's gonna be really really bad and I knew it was gonna bad because, like I had this other data from China that no one else had you know you know, because you couldn't find it up on Twitter or he or American social media. It's only on Chinese social media that my cousin sold it and so, but then people called me, fear monger, it's a preprint, it's not peer reviewed. Yet you know people are like trying to like that check me where the lane check was like you're, an epidemiologist but you're, not a infectious disease. Epidemiologist right, you know the fields of neglect. I actually have a PhD in epidemiology first, which is a slam dunk. That's right up your land. That is literally your lane yeah it is. But the thing is they say: oh, he has a PhD in nutrition, which is true too, because I got a second PhD in nutrition and then I went to medical school somewhere along the line. I realized, oh [, __ ] went off the deep end, but you know people like also told like these half-truths, like always a nutritionist. Oh, he has no, which is technically true, but you know it's kind of like what there's a lie and there's a half truth and half truths are just as bad as a lies in time. So well. Welcome to Twitter. I will tell you it's a it's a hellhole, but it worked. I had a lot of pressure and my people at Harvard were like what the hell were. You doing right and I was like this. Is it free speech she's like if I see smoke, I can shout I can stand up and shout I see there might be fire guys. Man there's clearly evidence of smoke because even the WTO was concerned, and at that point they hadn't declared emergency. So then, my next agenda was like declare a public health emergency of international concern and that took like five days, but finally they did so then. Finally, like people kind of woke up after that, but oh by the way, in the middle of that between me, tweeting that and the whu-oh declaring that's when all the insider trading. Among those senators happen, you know cuz, apparently they got a briefing around the 23rd or something so and they sold their stock on the 24th or 25th and I need it like just a few days earlier around the 20th. So you, as someone who understands the value of that information, they deny having incited traded. Can you say from outside? They most definitely like how I can't say for sure. So it's it's proven fact they had it in there's a special Senate confidential briefing from like CDC and NIH leaders. So there was definitely a briefing now. The problem is like it's hard to say whether they truly inside traitor because hell they could have read my tweet and then sold the stock. I I, don't know and there's other people there's other news. It's not like it's confidential news. It was just it was just out there in the you just had to read. The tea leaves to find it right and I doubt the Senators yeah. They want that China yeah who say that way, but they did have a briefing and so that's why it is a little suspicious but anyways, okay! Well, let's, let's back up, we've got here a PhD in epidemiology, which is right up your lane. I mean epidemiology. Is the study of epidemics right? It's it's about viruses. How do you end up that plane? That's a good question! How did I end up in that? Well I was a normal kid who played a lot of video games as a kid I graduated in when I was 18, but when I was 17 years old, they actually discovered a tumor the size of a baseball, and so he just took out, like several organs, took out my thymus part of my outer sheath of my heart and part of my right lung because they thought I had this big cancer and and at first they thought I had literally was gonna die in five years because it was uh, it was a. They thought it was a non-hodgkins lymphoma which is pretty terminal. Luckily it wasn't, but it like the jolted me awake that god I gotta, stop being this video gamer he's the little kid and I should do something with my life. Now that I got a second chance in life and so I said I'm gonna go to medical school. So what the happens eh, but first we I fell in love. With this thing, called epidemiology was fascinating. You can like look at patterns of disease and you can statistically adjust for lots of different things and get the causal effect of things. I was like you know what I'm gonna put mental school on the side for pause. I'm gonna go get my PhD in epidemiology, so I entered Harvard as one of the youngest students and in my doctoral program and then along the way date a year into it. They like hey, you want to do another one in nutrition's like. Is that a lot more work? Yeah he's the double the work, but you need. Maybe it's Fried's. It's no extra tuition. I was like sure why not and then um long story short yeah I fell in love with both I I. Wasn't infectious disease. Epidemiologist I was a cancer and diabetes epidemiologist, but it's it's still huge amounts of data under and along the way. I was a whistleblower against Vioxx the drug that was sold and killed a lot of people um. It was a billion-dollar Merck drug and we show them Merck knew about it and, and then I said, I want to graduate and they're like you're kidding me you're 23 years old and, like most people do one of these software programs in five years, you're doing two of the two of them in two in two and a half years, I was like yeah and I eventually had to convince my my advisor my second advisor in the department chair, both epidemiology nutrition's. Let me graduate so I finished, both my PhDs in two and a half years and when I was 23 years old, and so this is me, remember, I thought I only had five years left ality. So this is like, but I've always been kind of like chasing like whether it's like this by ox whistle blowing, because they knew Merck knew about the danger of the Biot several years it was before was pulled off the market, but they kept selling it. And- and if you look at the tea leaves, you know if you flipped one coin for five coins, or it's all heads, maybe it's by chance. If you flipped, like 20 coins and they're all consistently heads, you know, there's something wrong right and it's kind of like the intuition. You see all that data going the wrong direction. You know see it ends and that's kind of like me, I'm a really curious guy and I dug into that kind of thing. And so let me let me ask you about I. This is so you're in such a unique position to comment this as someone who knows people in China and as a PhD in epidemiology, so I want to start. First of all, let's talk about wet markets. Okay, so we're often hearing that what more a wet market was the origin of this novel coronavirus. First of all, can you explain to me what is a wet market? Wet market is something you don't have in the states. It's basically a market we buy live animals like live chickens, live ducks or contrived yields. You know to eat like, instead of like going to a grocery store and airs up Purdue chicken. That's, like you, know chill air chilled in this plastic packaging. There is a chicken grab it's by neck, or you want this chicken, okay, that cut its head off and you pluck off their feathers, and then you take it home. So what is so dangerous about these wet markets? Yeah, because you're literally like cutting off chickens, heads and cutting off, like you know, you're, literally slaughterhouse, it's like a live slaughterhouse in front of you. It's like I would like three eels to ducks, and this you know this other weird animal, that whatever it is, that they're trading pangolins or something, and so it's literally a lie of slaughterhouse and they slaughter the animals in front in front of you when, whether it's fish or these other of farm animals- and so it's a very different thing, where most Americans can't even imagine it's very bloody, it's very nasty! It's just it's just how it is it's it's fresh from the market literally. So what what is so? What is so dangerous about these wet markets? Are they responsible for breeding, for example the corona virus? It's another viable. First of all, there's a lot of feet. Gold matter! You know the animals are there with a poop and poop carries a lot of viruses and and of course, you're exchanging animals they're like penned up together, they're, not it's not like a zoo where all these animals have space to roam: they're, literally locked in cages and or just thrown in big cages all together, so they are basically really close together. Animals, the animals and people are grabbing them. You know, sometimes you chase around the chicken during a catch one and you grab one and you try to like. Oh you want this. One, no I want that one, you put it down, you pick up another, and so it's you're literally touching all these different animals, and this is what allows potentially a you know: a buyers to jump between. You know a you know, a bat and a chicken and uh mmm. You know duck and some frogs and then jump to you, and so it is uh, it's a circus. So that's why it's very plausible. It came from there at the same time. You know who knows it in China. You couldn't literally come from anywhere because the population density is just so high and people go out into the wilderness to hunt and bring back food as well. So do you think that these wet markers should we shut down by China? Or do you think that it's just kind of a fact of life over there? What's the solution here like they are shutting them down, but it's it is really hard to divorce. You know, because what what it's probably like, getting into like a gun topic here, like part of the culture right and well, what I've heard is that the wet market industry, like you, were saying it's hard for Americans to fathom, but they're, it's like you know several hundred billion dollar industry there that provides food to like a large percent of the population of China, because there's just so many people to feed. So it's not something that you can easily just shut off. It's not something! It's not like a pastime. It's actually people need these. These wet markets to eat, because there's so many people there yeah there is and grocery stores- and it's not what you imagine. It's not Whole Foods, it's not even like giant or stop by Safeway. It's it's! It's a very different world, so I think food to sanitation, hygiene. It's a different culture. You know it's, so is it not? It's naive, in other words, for for us Westerners to start demanding, China to close now, I realize, for example, China has half the farmland as a US, but it has four times of population, so every square inch of land every acre has to feed instead of one person in us as a feed. Eight people in China for the same amount of farmland and there's in so farming intensities, incredibly dense. It's just and you have to feed these urban centers at Wuhan, as a city would probably like be the second largest city in America. Right now you know, and but in China it's just a city, that's yeah, so I think I. Think that's something interesting to keep in mind is just how different it is. You know the wet market sounds like a terrible place honestly for me. I think I. If I walked there I'd be I would be horrified, but it's just a fact of life over there. So what did what about this thing? People keep saying it came from bats. Is there any truth to that? The corona virus come from a dude eating bat soup. No, it doesn't come from bat soup cuz. You can't eat it from us, get it from the soup yeah. First of all, the soup, by definition, kills the viruses says it's cooked, because this virus degrades very easily in heat and humidity. The issue is it's similar to the bat, but at the same time you you could it's more like a cousin of the bat, so a cousin of means likely there's there's a common ancestor in which, from it diverged right, like you're, related to your cousin, not from your mom but from your grandmother. So the issue is who's who's. This grandparent species that you jumped from and you can tell by the viruses evolved. This is actually by the way how we know that in the Washington state, when the outbreak finally was discovered, not just the first case but the outbreak they realized, he actually was derived from that same case, and you know that cruise ship off the coast of California that who ship was also derived from the Washington case, because you could see how it arrived. It came from the cruise ship. The cruise ship came from the Washington State case, not from another one of the new cases from so was already here. It was already here interest and you can tell by the evolutionary lineage so the evolutionary lineage show that yes, it's close to that, but there's minis. We need to find a direct ancestor and we still have not found the direct ancestor. Yet maybe if we just hunt for more bats, eventually we'll find it, but we haven't found it yet and to really like disprove any conspiracy theories about you know bioengineering the ultimate the Holy Grail is to find this immediate ancestor and sometimes I. First, they thought it came from from camels or something but they're like two years later. They eventually found that it actually came from Jordan from different species of animals, so the cannibals was just a camel's rooster reservoir, but you need to find a direct ancestor, not the cousin of ancestor. You know, and the bats are like right now, the closest that version is a cousin of it, I see, and so what I think you touched on there briefly is that in wuhan there is an institute institute of Urology there, and there are conspiracy theories that claim that this virus is potentially man-made and the weapon as well as it could been as a weapon. It could have just asked someone there accidentally got infected, it was an accident, and then you know so so is there any credence to that there's just as much as that as it was aliens like there's no proof like it's like circumstantial evidence like you murdered someone, because you were attending the same party in which this person disappeared from well there's a hundred there's hundreds of people who were also there just because I was there. Also, there doesn't mean that I, just because I was near it attending the same ball ball room party that I was holes, is not miscible in court of law and again it is in China. It's such a high density of things. You know, that's not even problem. It's not even like Wuhan is a major city, it has the biggest wet markets and it's one of the most industrial centers. It's also where lot of pharmaceutical companies are also made, and it's an industrial heartland and that's why they also had this major Institute of biology there. You know if, for some reason like if this was like in Tibet, and this epidemic started in this teeny tiny corner of remote, Tibet and own, their biologist who's, also in their part of remote Tibet. Maybe, but this is like Luhan is like everything's in it's like New York, City everything it was like a met, 11 million people live there right, yeah, exactly when you think about like the city of the size of New York, it's like well, of course, there's an institute of neurology and this city of New York is a huge city. It's not a big deal because, like there's so many things in New, York and so many things in DC you so many things again, I think it I think it really just comes from from not understanding China, it's the same thing as the sweat market. It's hard to imagine it's just such a different world. It seems like out there well again, if there's no you're staying as a chance like there is, we haven't solved like and I again. I am absolutely not conspiracy. Theorists like there is years ago. Someone did engineer the old Soros want. You know the two in the SARS epidemic 2003 in 2009, until 10 in a Proceedings of National Academy of Science, a major journal. Someone did insert a few like mutations just for fun to see if they could make the old SARS more virulent and they did and and this mutation the inserter was a Furion and, and so the old SARS never had it, but to somehow the new SARS has won, and so the question is: how did that one get there, and so what we need to find is the animal that carried it. It's very easy to like have these mutations. You know, there's just like a few amino acid, it's very natural. It can easily happen, but again we kind of need to find the host animal. That was a direct ancestor of it to really put it away. But again, at this point right now: it's it's almost moot. Like you know, it's a pandemic, it's killing, everybody in every single country and I. Think um. You know we'll let the biologist Duke it out and there's no point. It's speculating or chasing it, because I thought there's there's no other evidence, there's no evidence in any way or shape or form whatsoever, and it's kind of pointless to argue it. So I am absolutely absolutely for the last time against any conspiracy theories. I think it's a waste of time to you're over and give it more air. Let me ask you this: how does a bet? How does like, let's say a bat give human a virus? Is it like breath? Isn't breathing poop so some so someone someone you touch and then and then he touched his mouth or something like that that would they I don't know, and is that true? How is that true? Also of other when new viruses enter like cross yeah, very common? It's all the study in bats and people who are actually in contact with that. There's remote villages are very close to these bat caves, okay and they thought like oh and then they discovered, like these bats, had like hundreds of viruses and they're like what's a chance that it jumped into these villages that are adjacent to them and someone did an experiment and they realized these people were caring, like dozens and dozens of these corona viruses and other viruses. That means these bats were caring and- and it just so happened that most of them were mild, viruses right, we're just kind of inert and just carry it, and so in some ways like that. Just proves like we just found like a remote village that had hundreds of dozens or hundreds of these bat viruses. There exists in that population and these people were living with it. It just so happened. It didn't kill them at a high rate, so, and that case supports the fact that it probably came from another animal, and it's just this one luck, unlucky virus hit us and is this: is this particular virus, the co vid? Nineteen? Is this a particular malicious virus? Does this kind of transmission? In other words, does this kind of transmission happen fairly commonly, and this is just the rare exception where it's actually quite deadly and contagious or just a rare occurrence? This is the exception because, as I was saying like they found so many other viruses that these people in these villages next cities, kate, are these bat caves were having it just literally. You know this wet markets been around for you know years for you know decades and it just. Finally, we got unlucky and one of a really bad one jumped from animals to humans and Bob's your uncle Bob, your uncle yeah. So what happens if, let's say, there's a lot of talk and the United States uh kind of comes and goes, but there's a lot of politicians, because it's easy to look at the economy and when, when the world shuts down it's easy to see the media, damage and impact of shutting the whole economy down, I mean just Burton, for example. Today another six point: six million people claimed unemployment for a total I. Think there's like ten percent now the official number is probably much higher than that of unemployment in the United States, though, it's easy to look at that and say as shrimp and his some of his associates say. Is we can't let the Cure be worse than the disease, which is I've heard that phrase you Sorrell comes to chemotherapy and stuff like that, so they're kind of they're kind of comparing it to like. You know some kind of barbaric cure. What is what does it look like if we just say you know what it's got: a two percent mortality rate? Let's just continue living, let it's do its thing. We've live with the flu. This isn't much worse than the flu. Let's just like it's just not worth shutting down the world, go, oh just let it do its thing yeah. So what does that look like? How bad is that? Yes, yeah at this argument by the way? First of all? Oh, it's you either destroy the economy or just you know, kill a lot of people. I, don't I, don't think it's like an either/or black and white thing and I'll explain why so, first of all, if you let it just do its course and let nature have its way with us without doing any containment mitigation or lock, downs or whatsoever. You know it's not just a deaths by the way is two percent deaths. If you are treated and keep it contained, but you know the death, this mortality, this case fatality ratio. It's not a set amount, you know. Basically, what happens is that you know if you don't treat anyone with ventilators right if a country has no ventilators like your RAM and it's really really high in mortality or if you run out of ventilators, that you're out of your over capacity you're out of oxygen tanks which, by the way, a lot of these hospitals, are also running low on oxygen tanks. Where all these patients, then those people will die, and so, but if you keep it in check when you and you have be able to treat enough people, then it's lower so and what happened is like you know. Italy is approaching, like nine ten percent mortality and same in like France, and the reason is they're just completely swamped. You know this is a flatten. The curve thing they're completely over health hospital capacity and any excess is what we're out of ventilators. You die um and even ventilators by the way is not enough for them. So it is quite an insidious infection, usually guests before modern science. If this kind of virus swept through, let's say 300 years ago, what kind of mortality rate would we would we be? Looking at we'll probably have like you know, 15 15, 20 % Wow, so that is that is, but because look a lot of people have shortness of breath. Right and right now, a lot of the shortness of breath can be ameliorated by oxygen. There's oxygen like in a mask and there's oxygen like up your nose right up your nose down down directly and then you know, there's intubation, and then we have ECMO machines, which is extracorporeal, which means outside of your body, membrane, oxygenation, it's like kidney dialysis, but instead of dialysis, it's to give you oxygen in your blood, so you know instead of cleaning your blood is to give your oxygen blood outside into a machine and then puts it back inside you mmm, that's pretty insane yeah. That sounds pretty oh yeah and most hospitals only have like a you. If, if at all rural hospitals don't have any and they're real, expensive and really labor-intensive to to maintain to work for someone to use it. So again we have all this modern medicine. Sometimes we can't treat we can treat the symptoms, but we can at least prolong people's lives and yeah long time ago. If it's just you know, we were just like destroy a lot. This is what kind of the bubonic plague was the Black Death plays Wow. So you think it's be. You put this on the same level, the exact same level, not on the same level. Well, Iowa I'm saying, is uncheck. Remember that the the Spanish flu, which is not really Spanish it's just they just Spain, did the best testing and they found it. The the the the flu influenza of 1918, the one that ravaged the world during in the middle of World War, one it killed like millions and millions and millions of people I think up to like double-digit millions in the teens yeah. But you know in the middle of World War one there's no like it was like a long signal yeah, but this could easily be like that and again also a mames, a lot of people like they're they're scarred and these people who are on ventilators some of them for like four weeks in China and here in the States as well like it's there like disabled for a long time. It takes a lot of time for them to recover, and so I want you to think about this. A it will kill a lot of people, not just 2%, but above 5%, maybe 10%. If you just let it just blow through a population, you'll disable a maim. A lot of people like you know they there's they'll, be so weak that they won't be able to go to work right and again, it's not just old people like in the CDC report just last week compared to someone with no risk factors. Someone with diabetes has 17 fold higher odds of being emitted at ICU. A diabetic person is 7. A diabetic person who gets infected versus non died, but person healthy, 17 higher fold. Chance of MIT being admitted to ICU, that's insane, that's larger than smoking causes lung cancer. You know that's more than obesity causes diabetes. It's seven, you know odds ratio, 17, relative risks and 17 is just off the charts very dangerous, for this is also the problem like in the South right now. You know the South is known for the stroke belt, a lot of diabetes. Their mortality is much higher even in young people, then compared to like the young, young, adult mortality and like other New, England states or Colorado young adult mortality in the south is right really high, and it's it's because that that there's so many other comorbidities. You know you know: COPD asthma, smoking, diabetes, high blood pressure is also a major killer of kovat um of Kobe patients. Heart disease. You need to add him up between anyone who has either asthma diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure heart, you know, kidney damage, liver disease, you know any sort of emphysema or any sort of any of these diseases, and now who's left who's who doesn't have it in the US, especially in the deep south. That's not many people left everyone. Almost everyone in the deep south, I'm, not I'm, saying everyone, but a large majority I'll say more than 50%. Maybe even two-thirds have one of these risk factors that will put them in severe debilitating State in the ICU at best, and so now to answer your question. Well, what will happen? A lot of people will die. A lot of people will also completely so verse over swarm the hospitals and be on ventilators for like weeks and weeks, because actually, in certain ways, someone who enters a hospital and dies immediately or someone never enters the hospital and dies at home costs almost no money right, but someone who's into ICU hospitalized in a bed for like weeks and weeks, a week's cuse. You know hospital bill in lots of the hospital bills and then the hospital beds. And then, if you have a heart attack or if you had a stroke and you need to go the ER and you need to get emergency surgery, a bypass surgery or some others or some other major procedure to save your life. But the ER is full guess what you're gonna die too, even though you don't have Kovac, might give you a diabetic blood, sugar, emergency asthma, allergy emergency, any other sort of opioid overdose, you're going to die too, because the ER and the hospital beds are full, and this is the problem. It will literally a directly kill because of the virus and your risk factors that puts you a high chance of dying or being debilitated, but also kill people who don't even have the virus at all, but they'll die of cancer. Heart attacks, strokes over drug overdoses. It sounds like such a terrifying hellscape that once it starts ravaging, then people are gonna, be so terrified and scared to go outside the economy is gonna, be shutting down even worse. Exactly so. My answer is it's not you're choosing between saving lives and saving the economy. Saving lives will also save the economy because you may have them home and keeping them relatively healthy at home. Until this thing is over right because you're, you know, there's a hurricane outside you either throw everyone in the hurricane and let half of them get. You know killed by a flying, you know branch or you keep everyone inside until the storm is over right and then you know you can go back to work. So this is this premise that we hear is is isn't in european--, not a true print, not an accurate premise at all. It's it's one, there's only one way out really, which is to defeat the virus on that on this very uplifting. Note we're we're not a break time. So, let's take a quick break and we can jump right back in alrighty, so we will be right back with dr. Erica ding, we'll continue our discussion about covered 19 and all things virus here on the h3 podcast. Thank you to stamps.com for sponsoring this episode. For all of our sake, we must be avoiding crowds. Now you have a better excuse than ever to be using stamps calm. Why go to the post-office and catch coronavirus when you can do it online at stamps? Calm, forget I mean you know. That's in addition to the discounts and the money-saving that you'll get through Sam calm, you can print posters on demand, skip lines, crowds. It's much more convenient and also you will survive survival above all, Sam calm brings all the services of the US Postal Service right to your computer and the safety and comfort of your home office or anywhere else. You are hunkering down right now, whether you're a small business, sending invoices or an online sellers shipping our product. Are you just working from home and need to mail stuff stamps calm can handle it all with ease, simply use your computer to print official, US, postage, 24/7 or any letter any package any class mail anywhere. You want to send once your mail is ready. You just leave it for your mail carrier schedule a free pick-up or drop it off in the mailbox. No human contact is required. It's that simple and, like I said with stamps comm, you get great discounts, -, that's five cents off every first-class stamp and up to 40% off USBs shipping rates. That was not part of the copy read that was my own ad-lib and now, in addition to offering discounted US Postal Service rates, samsung also offers UPS services with discount rates up to 62%, well plus with stamps.com. You won't even have to pay UPS residual surcharge. Stamps comm is a no-brainer, especially now saving you time and money and keeping you safe in these crazy times so for our listeners go to to get a special offer. That includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a digital scale without any long-term commitment, just go to Sam's comm click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in h3 that stamps comm enter h3 stay safe, my friends with stamps calm. You know, I love that quip electric toothbrush quip, the makers of the quip electric toothbrush want you to know the one single discovery that matters the most for your dental care. It is simply this that, if you have good habits, you are good. That means that brushing for two minutes twice a day and flossing regularly. No matter what brand you use quick makes it simple, starting with an electric toothbrush, refillable, floss and anti cavity toothpaste. Clips electric brush has a sensitive sonic vibration with a built-in timer and 30-second pulses, the guy of full and even clean. The quip floss to Spencer comes with free mark string to help you use just enough plus quip delivers fresh brush heads flush, flush play offs and toothpaste refills to your door, every three months with free shipping, so your routine is always right and your mouth as always freaking clean, join over 3 million healthy mouth and get equipped today, starting at $25. Only this is the way to go. Equip electric toothbrush I'm, just gonna. Give you my personal endorsement right now: I don't use any other toothbrush, because the bristles are soft. I made a rubber gentle. My gums gives me a perfect brush. It tells me exactly how long I need to brush it's. It's it's the best brush in the game and at 25 dollars. You're not gonna, find a better brush. They got a special offer if you gotta get quit calm, /ht 3 right now. You get your first refill for free. That's your first refill free at get quick calm, /h 3 spelled GE t qu, I p.com /h tree. That's quit the good habits company mal right! So we are. We are back with dr. Eric Dane here with us. I keep looking between the cameras, though it was my first zoom interview, so so we were just we were talking about the false premise of we can fix the economy and the virus. It doesn't seem like that is an option and that the way you described is actually even worse than I, imagined, I and and well. People have been saying from from the very beginning. Well, you know our very own president. Only I, don't know like seems like years ago now, but was I, don't know if it was a month or even less said that you know the flu kills 50,000 people a year. We don't we don't even worry about that. This is not. This is even as bad as the flu. What what do you? What do you? How do you react when you hear people saying that you know it's just the flu? Oh, that line here, I have 10 different points. Well, I think what we just spoke about pretty much shut that point down, but first of all here's the differences. We already taught the reproductive number. The flu has a 1.3 reproductive number and this one has anywhere between 2 and 4. You know and there's a new study that just said it was a 5.7. So it's hot. Let's just say it's wait. It's it's at least twice, if not three times higher in reproductive coefficient and again for every cycle. Instead of one point: three additional people, it's three additional people, so it spreads much faster. The flu. Many of you actually have background immunity because you've had the flu before you've had us a related cousin of the that this year's strain. So you have some partial immunity. The flu. Also, you have a vaccine. Now, it's not perfect every year, because the flu mutates really fast. This is why it's hard. We have to gather new vaccine every year, but at least is 50 percent effective this year, most years it's like 75, 80 percent, effective. So that's a huge difference. That's three points of difference. Right there. The flu has a mortality, a point one this one, if it's contained, has a mortality at least 1%, if not 2, to 3%, and if it's uncontained, you know in a runaway situation, he'll go way above 3% and again even 1% means it's 10 times. Deadlier 3% means 30 times deadlier and, and the other thing is, the flu does not spread a symptomatically which means before you even have symptoms, it's not a word and neither will did their old SARS. So, for example, if you flew on a plane, you thought perfectly healthy and two days later, you know fly into LA to do a your your interview and then you know you feel sick. You only have to quarantine those around you when you are sick, not everyone on the plane, we're at the airport when you're still healthy the problem with this virus. Is it spreads even when you have no symptoms? So, even when you thought you were healthy and you're, just you're coughing we're just spitting when you talk, everyone spits when they talk you're, actually transmitting the virus to other people. Again, some people are much more susceptible. So this and apparently now, then it seems at least there's at least 25% of the people who are completely asymptomatic in Iceland, which is the king of testing. For this just for comparison, Iceland tests, 5000 tests per 100,000 people, the u.s. does about 3 400 tests per 100,000 people we're worth at least tenfold lower than Iceland and so and there they had discovered that 50% of the people when they detect us. So many people, 50% of people are asymptomatic, which means this virus is literally spreading again. We know it's as spreading asymptomatic, it's spreading silently in our population and the flu. We also have treatment Tamiflu. There are many other known treatments or drugs for the flu for this one. Up until now, we have no proven treatments that really really work in that we know for sure works and know how much the works, but it depends on what kind of treatment there's existing drugs, which you know we'll get to hydroxychloroquine and there's other drugs like for HIV and hepatitis C for other viruses that we're testing there. We we have some hope that, because they're already on the market, we just have to retest it for this one, as opposed to developing a brand new drug that takes longer um. This is why the vaccine takes long because vaccine you have to go through the early safety testing and then the efficacy testing, and then you know, but now for the existing drugs. You can just test. Oh, we know it's safe, let's just test it for the propane's Cova death. So you know we for read us earlier the drug. We might get results in like two three weeks. That said, it is a lot of these hepatitis. C and HIV. Drugs are really expensive and that's the problem. So we still have n hydroxychloroquine it's cheaper, but it's very limited supply. It's originally only for people with malaria, which almost no one in America has or lupus, which is really rare. So we don't have enough supplies of them and they have extreme side effects which again some people are very, very susceptible. Some people are fine, but we need to know like does the known extreme side effects outweigh and the benefits for it so we'll, hopefully have drugs much faster than we'll have have vaccines, and you know one of the things I'm trying to work on is actually trying to speed up the drugs there are. There are a lot of bureaucratic route loopholes like right now, the fastest thing you can do to find a drug is hey all you, doctors and seeing hundreds of patients in New, York, City, I'm gonna, give you guys you guys have like literally like thousands of patients a day right, I'm gonna, give you guys a dis truck and give you guys a placebo, randomly and then in one week two weeks max, you go be able to tell me if the drug works. Theoretically, if we had a drug, that's already on the market, let's just say vitamin D, that's what I would do, because vitamin do you prevent cytokine storm for other pneumonias I would do that, but to actually carry out that trial. There is like a boatload of bureaucracy, yeah they're valid. They need to go through the FDA go through this institutional review board. You have to pay the fees to the hospitals and the universities you have to, and then you have to wait, get wait for clearance I'm, not any for the liability and if the patients get sick under your watch as a while doing a trial. Technically, the trial has to pay for it, but all these red tape could be just cut. You know they're already in the hospital anyways right if they waive all these requirements. Speed up their approval and New York does not have to wait for FTA. Theoretically, you could do it much much faster good right. We need to be doing that now. You know the federal government says: marijuana is illegal right, but a lot of state says it's. It's okay! So there's many states in which it conflicts, a federal law, federal law says it's illegal state says no, it's fine and if New York did that and basically start waving a lot of these requirements, you could easily get. You could easily get trials done very fast and then, if he told hospitals stop charging fees, all your doctors are on the front of front lines. Make it part of your job to test these drugs. It would literally, we could get results in under three or four weeks. Theoretically, yeah I'm, very fascinated by this whole issue with kovat 19 that it's able to transmit during this incubation period when you're asymptomatic yeah is that is that rare I mean. How does that work? Is this something that you see commonly yeah? Is it it's really common? It's well-established. We saw it happening in January and February, and but now there's, like a mountain of evidence, I think there's like ten studies that confirms this. Now it's it is like it's not even a hypothesis anymore. It's confirmed this is why I see my events max. In other words, in other words, how how rare is this quality and viruses, because it seems so insidious, it seems to make a virus so much more dangerous. How common is this? It's a rare thing, not many! The old SARS did not have it. The flu generally doesn't have it. There are some that have has it, but um I, don't think it's it's it's not common. It's just it's just somehow very infectious. It's more of a property of some viruses like like, like Ebola or the old SARS. You only got sick from someone if they are extremely extremely extremely sick and then they COFF on you with our very high viral load, their very extreme sick state. Then you'll get it hmm in this state. People have a viral load and they're shedding it all shedding these viruses from the body all the time, and it seems that you catch a little bit of it from a mildly person, sick person or asymptomatic person. You will get it. It just seems that the virus particle just hooks on much faster and there's some evidence that basically, this virus binds by its receptors in your lung mush, with a stronger affinity. It's like a sticky or much stickier glue right. So if it's a much stickier glue, you only need much fewer particles to really induce something. You know we don't know the exact dynamics, but we know it's much more. Infectious and the other thing with incubation is, you know how they always say: isolate yourself, quarantine for 14 days. Well, that was based on an early study in China, but they did a reanalysis of some other things, and one study says one in a hundred. People will have an incubation period longer than 14 days, which incubation is from the time you get infected to time. You show symptoms and know that you are sick it's longer than 14 days and the point of the quarantine period is that if we're not sure if you're sick, if you are in contact with a friend who was sick, your quarantine for 14 days, if you don't show symptoms, hey you're, okay, you're in the clear, without even doing a test, you're gonna clear, but there's a lot of people who basically get sick much longer outside of a 14-day window, and this other study said 12% of people who are infected, develop symptoms beyond the 14 days. So yeah. That is a potential right. Do you think? So? What do you think the quarantine should be I mean Cal? How can we start quarantine? People for like 30 days, that seems so right, yeah, it's just it's. The problem is like, for example, that the first california case at UC davis, that person who was transferred back and forth, and you know, finally got her tests after like a long, arduous argument, she got tested positive, finally, in the ICU, but by then she like a hundred and twenty UC Davis health care workers had to be like put out of commission for two weeks because they were in close contact without masks and everything and many of them did come down with the virus. So this this this thing is you know it's serious, like the other key examples. You know, though, remember the diamond princess ship on for Japan I like to tell people this anecdote, the Japanese quarantine officer he's a quarantine officer. He knows about infections, he just he goes on the ship to inspect on there, for a few hours comes off the ship few days later, test positive, he's a quarantine officer right and he knows how to take care of himself and protect himself test positive. Another Japanese firefighter who's transporting really sick passengers to the hospital from the ship to the hospital was was protected after moving the transporting them he test positive, even though he was protected. It's just one of the most of contagious diseases. You've ever come across. It's pretty contagious, look measles is more contagious. Measles has are not like a bug: Ted, Wow, okay, so there's a whole nother stratosphere, but the difference is most of us are immune because we have a vaccine for it. Let's go you know in actuality. It's in today is not as dangerous. You know if we had no vaccine for it and we had no immunity to it, it would be definitely death, no more dangerous, but we have a vaccine and, with most of us, have immunity o side note for all those who are thinking about not taking the measles vaccine. Here's a little interesting factoid for you, unlike other infections. So what normally, if you, you know, get the flu or a common cold, your body remembers it. Your body has memory b-cells. So next time I see it I recognize it. Aha I'm gonna go into my memory. B-Cell archive bring out the antigen that recognizes it and attack it right away and you won't get sick, and this is what immunity is right. I've seen this virus before my body's built up resistance attack, so all these, like memory, b-cells hold all these old viruses that you've previously fought off hundreds, if not thousands, of viruses that you've had ever since you're a kid to the adulthood, probably had been sick. You know with hundreds of viruses. Well, if you get measles, the measles wipes out that memory bank- that's not good disease. You've built up resistance to it, deletes that entire resistance memory bank in your b-cells and that's why measles is extra bad. So please vaccinate don't get measles because it will. It will destroy all your life's work. I'm coding over this I wonder how anti-vaxxers are gonna be after this and then like oh they're, gonna. Take that they're gonna take that this is going to change their minds. Well, what how do you convince an anti-vaxxer to get a measles shot? I mean I mean well short of a pandemic. Let's hope that maybe this wakes them up a little bit. They were just living a little too cliche to like look. You know a lot of the argument that the vaccine company, the the anti-vaxxers say, is: oh, it's just a corporate scheme to get rich. It's a it's big pharma scheme, or it's like these big billionaires in the world, profiteering from it. These these. You know world leaders sitting in their thrones. How can we profit? Let's start, let's make people backside, no think about who's dying. Like you have famous famous people who are like dying, rich super rich people who are dying. You have the Prime Minister you have the Prince Charles give Tom. Hanks am Idris. Elba yeah, like everyone is getting it. It's like it's. It's not like some conspiracy like and look we're shutting down, we're literally killing our economy, and you know spiking, millions of unemployment and stock market tanking and the GDP crashing. That's not in certain ways that blows up any of this, like corporate conspiracy theory about about the vaccines that it was all a big for-profit scheme, no, no one's profiting from this vaccine right now, no one in their right mind figure. No they'll figure out. Some some explanation for why not today, I wonder if scientists and people who do what you do- people like you. If you get personally offended when people are like anti-vaxxers, it's like we work. It is really in your face. Really your life's work, yeah yeah, it is. It is yeah. Luckily, there's something called herd: immunity that if we immunize enough people, it's got her to meetings like, for example, if you're in a crowded room you're on this side of the room I'm on this far side, you have the virus I, don't, but if most the people in the middle of the room, most of them by most I mean depending on the virus, but like eighty, ninety percent of them have immunity, then the chance of that buyers, hop skipping through the room to me is low right, but if only 50% of people have immunity, oh that buyers is still gonna hop skip on its way and to skip to me right. So that's herd immunity. If enough people have immunity, so they they have the luxury of being anti-vaxxers, because we back today yeah they have the luxury that, if we enough taxi right, but it's dropping so much in some places that hence you have these measles vaccine about outbreaks again these whooping cough. What do you think of that? When you see that you're like there's there's there are outbreaks of measles and whooping-cough I mean what honestly do you make of that I? Think it's really responsible! It's it's like how I see you know these people going on spring break in the middle of a pandemic right and having coughing parties and like what are you doing, but so so the but the singers. The problem is that the way you just described the virus to me unchecked is a horriffic. There's, a [ __ ], really a horrific sight that nobody would want these kids. They they listen to the media. The president there's a lot of people downplaying the severity and, frankly also on the ground. They're like hey I, don't see anyone, sick, everything's, good here, everyone's fine, so it's it's I. Just unfortunately, it's almost like a failure of imagination and it seems or just of Education well, it seems like this kind of pandemic. You can correct me if I'm wrong, but you have this global pandemic like once every 100 years, and we we these these kids and even I, mean people most people living today. Can't tell you what it was like to live through the Spanish flu, and so how can that's alive right? I mean so how can really grasp that? What we're dealing with yeah so I think first of all, people there's thing in public health right now, like vaccines, normally when they work like they're so effective, like, for example, let's take us something that's more like less abstract. If look a hundred people gets injured or run over by cars at this busy la intersection, gosh, we've better put in a crossing signal or a sky walking, bridge right and then, after you put in as crossing signal or a sky bridge the next year. Almost nobody gets run over at this intersection anymore, but we paid for and then they're like. Oh, we've wasted all that money, putting the stupid sky bridge and putting the stupid traffic light here. Not what we were doing. You know such a waste, but thing is if public health interventions are successful. The whole point is nothing happens right and P and you you are exactly right on the failure of imagination, because you know people appreciate medicine because met doctor czar like mechanics your car breaks down your body breaks down, they fix it, give you some medicine, give you some surgery and then ah, thank you doctor. You fixed my car, you fixed my body, but in public health. You know. The whole point is that you don't even get sick. You don't get it that our car accident, you don't get that measles, you don't get the heart attack that sends you to the ER in the first place and everyone's blissfully ignorant right and then no one says thank you who do I thank for putting for saving my life today, I like well even and marsh, get they will they'll call you a fear, monger yeah you're, actually trying to if Public Health intervention was successful, and everyone had heard my big alarmist ringing of the whistle and the blowing the horn and this epidemic was stopped in its track. They would have called me a fear monger because it publicly had cessful the outcome is nothing happened. That's the taifa cotton yeah! It's a tough job and that's what's happening with that, seem like no one remembers of measles whooping cough. What is that right? Oh yeah, whatever no one has that anymore. It's like you're making that up when tastic right, you know it's the right. It's it's! It's dank em, but in a way you know maybe I think the world is kind of. It seems like reacting fairly well to this pandemic compared to what the absolute worst case scenario could be. Is that it seems like we, even though we did get caught off guard and reacted slowly on the whole, the world is working together, each country seems to be doing. You know at its own pace. The relative believe the right thing, even here in the United States, every state is kind of I mean obviously some slower than others. Yeah seem to be doing the right thing, and so it's just uh I mean it seems much better than if this happened a hundred years ago. Well, yeah can still work because they can work from home and work remotely right, and you know I it's a you mentioned about. You know. Every state has different like lock downs. The problem is that out we're all so much more mobile than a hundred years ago. We'd fly a lot. Our cars move way faster than horse and buggies 100 years ago. Right, our trains are faster, and so what happens is like in the old days, if you had an epidemic in Louisiana, it'll take a while before it goes to Alabama, Texas, New, York and all the other places. But now one spring break trip in Florida can spread all these spring breakers across the country and we've actually seen cell phone data home of these Miami Spring Breakers and their cell phone signals of where they went to after that weekend was over, and the problem with the u.s. is like not every state has a good lock down so think of a ship. If a ship has 50 holes and like 25 of the states, 25 of the holes were plugged where even 30 or 40 of this holes were plugged with lockdowns. The ship is still sinking right because the water will still get in from the other. Holes is still flood, the interior of the country interior of the ship, and so because we have no real borders and can't put a border and between New York and New Jersey and New York and Connecticut. It's just there's no such thing as a border there. So you could have as tight of a lockdown, but if your neighboring state does not have a lock down, the ship is still sinking and taking on water through the other holes and that's the problem. So are you? Do you see a failure at the federal level to our? It is our efforts here in California wasted because of Florida's, for example, refusal to shut down their state yeah, it's not entirely wasted, I will not say wasted, but it is much less effective than it could be. If we're all like on the team, hey I plug my hole, you plug your hole and then we all stop this ship from sinking right, taking out more water, so which which states are currently not locked down, for example, can Kansas Kansas governor had ordered lockdown, but the Republican legislature yesterday over through her lockdown, they overrode with a veto, so Kansas no longer has a lockdown but I wonder if the people do you know if the people there are they're like all cool, let's all go ice skating, whatever they don't Kansas, probably not ice skating. Are they are the people there getting the message and observing in every state every state like that yeah and the other thing is even the states that do have lock downs. The lockdown orders have a page. The waiver and exemptions is like two pages long right, so you can visit grandma's. You can go fix your car in California by the way, there's also places where you can go. You know see a dermatologist because they're for profit- and they are, you know- are still open. Are we doing enough here in America, I mean I, can tell you what my family lives in Israel and I hear. There are stories of what's going on there and it sounds way different, but it is so much smaller that you're not different, now what's happening in so, for example, it was just Passover now and they knew that people are gonna want to go to the Passover together with their family. So they closed all streets Wow. No one can go anywhere because it's on the government level, they ordered everyone Passover for four references like Chris for people who don't know is like Christmas, is for the Jews. It's a big holiday, not as fun, but not way less fun yeah, but it's the big one or, for example another example. My sister gave me she's at home with three kids and she it's. It gets really hard to entertain them. At some point. She just went downstairs to the street just to go outside get some fresh air and a police officer came to her and asked what what is she doing outside? Why is she outside and that's to see her ID and to make sure she really lives there in that building? So, in your opinion, do you think the United States is doing enough to confront this? No, absolutely not our lock. Downs are crappy, but I think you know a lock downs. We can't have lock downs forever. Obviously, what we have to do is lock down by the way our mitigations their mitigations. By definition, just you know a band-aid you know, and what we really need to do is testing testing, testing contact, tracing quarantine and by testing right now, I don't mean like testing when people get to the hospital there's so many testing right now. It's like New, York, City they're, so overwhelmed they're only testing you. If you get to the hospital, it's it's really bad, and so what you need to do is why call frontier testing at the frontier the moment someone develops their first fever or chill or dry cough immediately test them and after you immediately test them immediately contact trace where they've been um. You know who are they with? Is that even possible at the scope that we've gotten here in the united? We have to slow it down. Obviously, now in Singapore and Korea they have mobile apps. That tells you you know. Even you don't know someone that you were in that person's basick, like you got a restaurant, like you, don't know who's at the next table next to you, but your mobile phone would know that. Oh, this phone was in a proximity to that phone for an extended period of time and so in their app. They would directly communicate and tell the authorities that this person was in vicinity of that person years ago. I actually built this. You know for all the people who thought that you know I'm, not infectious disease out when they 2014 Ebola outbreak happened under Obama's watch. I was like we have to build something like this, because you're never gonna know everyone that you crossed has with in a restaurant right. So you need to have something like you share your location and then, if the next day and you're saved and next day, if you or I test positive the, then you go back in the record history and find in a path who did you cross paths with in the last seven days right and then, for example, if we had- and we didn't know each other in a restaurant and the location markers put us next to each other. You know two days ago, then it would notify me with all alert that you know. Alan Eric was in your vicinity two days ago, but two days later, you tested positive okay. So that's how you do all of like advance contact tracing and we might have to do that right. Yeah, so tell me. I just saw your knee. Are you wearing pants? Oh no I'm on a podcast yeah, no I don't expect it. I just saw your knee and I was like oh yeah, I love it yeah get comfortable. So let me ask you. It seems, though, that in the United States we are seeing a flattening of the curb and we are seeing dr. Falchi, who is credit, who seems very credible right um that he's lowering the death expectation, it's date by all accounts in the media. It seems to be working. Do you? What do you fourths forecast here, because it sounds like you're saying? Well we're not doing enough, but it does seem like we're flattening the curve. So what do you? What do you forecast here? First of all, we're not doing enough testing so do. Are we sure that we're doing enough? Because in many parts of country you know our testing is so abysmal, it's less than India or Bangladesh right? Well, it's on par with that. Basically, even now, oh yeah Oklahoma really low. You know I saw a report. You can tell me just today that the federal government was gonna. Stop funding state tests, oh yeah yep. What is that they're they're using that Oh states will take over it? The federal you know we want to give States more control, which is just another cop-out for this, for the federal government to cut off the funding. For that I have no idea. It makes no sense. The argument is very yeah. I was perplexed by that - I mean that just seems very dangerous and irresponsible I don't get it so the testing, here's the thing we're not doing frontier testing if I was okay. The other thing is a how okay there's the cases that test positive by the way. The test right now is only fifty percent, accurate, so only 50 percent matter, so which means there's advanced, there's a high false negative there's a high false thing. Our best test right now is only fifty percent. Accurate is that is that, true of all the tests in the world, because I heard that the World Health Organisation's test is like more accurate than that. It's always, you know, even in China that the test was about 30 to 70 percent as 30. How is that helpful? At all, I mean how does that help, but how does it better than anything? If you put, if you're positive, you're, definitely positive, if you're negative, you could still be positive. A few days later, there's almost dangerous to send someone out right and be like you're negative they'll go out more emboldened and less cautious. I know that's the thing like these tests are deceiving because it's it's not just a property of the test. It's also the property is virus. You know it's, it's slow to build up its viral load. Sometimes if you test early, you won't find it. You know, and so it's kind of funky like that and also if some people don't sample it properly, some people just sample it gently up the nose. You have to it's a very long. Stick! It's like almost like a chopstick length. You have to put it in your ugly nose and then twist it horizontal to go all the way back to like back here. Yeah does it hurt and not everyone does it properly, and so it sounds awful and you don't do it properly. You don't get a positive test, because this virus lives in your nasal pharynx. So why is it that if somebody breathes on me, I get Corona, but but the doctors got a jam, a rod all the way down my nose together, you bring it up from there. You coffee, you talk, yeah I was saying you shake your vocal cords and shake some particles loose to make sound out of your mouth. You know, I've also heard the ventilator is no walk in the park. Either that took going on a ventilator is actually a very traumatic physical experience on the body. Is that sometimes they actually say you should use a lower pressure because they're using too high pressure on it? What they do is they Jam a tube into your lungs right? So it's it's not jammed through your vocal, like the intubation. The trick is to get it through your vocal cords without destroying the vocal cords. So that's why you have to get you that, like long like little curved thing, are you unconscious when you're at ventilated? Usually so so so it's pretty, you know people say: oh, we need a ventilator, but they don't understand how severe it's a life-saving yeah. It's a life-saving but yeah I know look this. This virus is bad, and so we know the testing is imperfect. We're not doing frontier testing like Korea and you know and Iceland were did so much testing. They did frontier testing and as well as asymptomatic, who's testing right, and so these kind of testing allows you to like nip it in the bud. Early contact trace early stop. This has spread because my time you have shortness of breath and going you know, let's just say it's one week on average again, some people are longer than two weeks incubation, one week incubation on average, and then you have one week of fever and cough and then on your second week second and a half week, then you start developing shortness of breath and then you go to the hospital baby. I, don't like you know midway through that week. You already affected and you've already been sitting so many other people potentially. But if you had frontier testing, you would be able to nip these in the bud, find the contact tracing much earlier and be able stop it. Do you blame? Do you blame China at all? The government of China people are referring it to as, for example, the Chinese virus or the Wuhan virus, or this, and that do you think, that's an unfair characteristic, and do you think the Chinese government could have done more to stop this? Do they hold Rea any responsibility for this becoming a global pandemic? To some degree, I would say like in some way this you know I'm looking at the infectious properties epidemic, it is so damn infectious right now. That said, I am definitely not happy with what China did, because they try to silence dr. Li when Leon the one who is a whistleblower, they scag him, he forcing the shut up, be punished in actually do that. They know they know about viruses. That means they worry about this virus. So what do you make of them them? Well, what do you make of that response? It's just they allowed it to spread right watch. The instinct of government is in politicians is oh, no! No! No, let's keep any bad news on the deal right and early on you. They think that if they keep it on deals like I'll take care of it behind the scenes right, we don't need to panic. The public will take care of it and it's kind of like you know, I. Think of like Navy SEALs Navy SEALs go on. These clandestine missions takes care of the things that the US public does not want to know right. All right, like we took care of the terrorists, we don't need to tell people how close we know the terrorists got to getting the bomb. What is the downside of panicking the public claims? The panic is the political outrage, a you know. It's a structured society, but also it basically creates a an error that you know these people are not a not competent. Oh you let this happen, because oftentimes people have a tendency to blame any bad thing on whoever's in charge at the moment, and some things are clearly out of control. Like you know, for example, Katrina you know, hurricanes like [, __ ] happens right, but Katrina was a total botch thing. Oh, but early on the Katrina. They try to actually cover up how badly they botched a Katrina hurricane Katrina. No, it's just a tendency for people to cover up their their missteps so that you know it doesn't look politically bad. So you're saying that even though China made an effort to cover up this virus, so contagious I mean I irony, the very nature of it that it can infect people before symptoms. Show I I read something that you know: half a million people I had left Wuhan in a diaspora around the world before China even closed its borders, so the probability of it getting out was was high regardless yeah. It was bad, there's no getting around it with it. But do you think China could have reacted sooner and there's been many articles about it. So could the China have reacted sooner yes, and could reacting sooner have slowed down the epidemic? Yes, but would there still have been an epidemic? I still think there would have been an epidemic, maybe a smaller epidemic, and now are the Chinese numbers completely accurate I. Doubt it well I! Don't it's just like. Are you lying that um? If China had acted sooner, we would have a situation more akin to SARS, where it kind of just disappeared eventually, or do you think this is much easier to contain because it didn't have a symptomatic, could you say there's be a bit there'd be a much smaller endemic, so I wonder what does that look like compared to what we're faced with today? Well, we had 2000, we had the 2009 h1n1 pandemic and you know we've had these, but again, some years they were more well contained and though each one anyone could have easily been overwhelmed. The world as well Hadley, not reacted faster and Ebola could have been not contained, and so the other thing is didn't. Wh, oh, like how much fault is wh o have, I think, w to here by the way, most the people who I know so well know the organization for those who uh world health organization. It's it. It's like it's a body of the UN, so division of the UN focus on health right now, I recall you screaming at them to declare a global emergency or they they were slow to the the draw as well. The tendency of a lot of these leaders is scientific bodies. Is they don't act until they absolutely certain? And but there you know the preparedness head, dr., Mike Ryan actually has it right if you want to be perfectly sure about something before you act, if you wanted to have all the facts in completely, you know solid in as hard as rock certain before you act on something you will always be too late, and so that's the other thing like in science. A lot of the you know the academia types like well. That was one preliminary study we need compliment. It wasn't peer-reviewed. He needs to be confirmed by multiple studies and in many situations and of you know, we still don't know asymptomatic. You know, for example, whu-oh had declared. We do not know about. He certainty that's human to human, to Russian yeah, but there's so many anecdotes that clear made it clear. It was pretty human to human by the way I remember they, they had sent out a tweet saying the threat of a global pandemic is very low and if you're outside Wuhan, you shouldn't be worrying about this that and was already in Washington I. Remember that, and so I was like wow these this this. They should really be failing us in this moment, because I think a lot of people, let's say people who are even distrustful of what our government tells us or the Chinese government tells us, would look to a body like World, Health Organization and take what they say credibly like and it's it's extremely frustrating, because they it's these big organizations are very bureaucratic in their so conservative. You don't want to jump the gun on something, and it's really weird like, for example, France recently jumped the gun on something that told people in the middle of this epidemic. Stop taking ibuprofen, stop taking advil motrin, you stop it because it suppresses your fever, yes, but actually suppressing your fever. Suppresses your inflammatory immune response and allows the epidemic to grow even faster and so fret the French Ministry said everybody stopped taking ibuprofen period for any fever and the W chill waffled like no wait, there's not enough evidence and then they kind of wishy-washy. Given evidence like if you're not taking it. You know you don't try some other options first, if you're already taking it, continue to take it, it's it gives a wishy-washy evidence. Well, France just went stopped, taking and out of precaution. You know how like there's like this out of abundance of caution, we're gonna. Do this other thing right, there's more aggressive! You have to act fast, I mean. Sometimes you need to act decisively act without 100 percent certainty. It's a trust. You're like the you have to read the tea leaves before it becomes a full tree right. You know you can't wait until all the signal is like you're blazing red in a siren before you act is by then it's already here by the way ibuprofen for people. Listening is safe to take right, I, read something that that that that was found not to make it worse. This is where the grain is. There is yeah, so the grain is France says, don't do it. Wh o gave this measly answer that says, if you're not taking it already try other fever reducing medicines, people should be people should be careful consuming ibuprofen right now. Are you asking me where if I was to WH I'm asking you I'm, not a clinician but I, you know, I've I've studied I become for many years. Ibuprofen is known to cause heart attacks by the way, just like my ox to some degree, I haven't proven it like the way I'm interpreting WTO's guidelines, the way they phrased it in this really weird, like cryptic way that you know you shouldn't take it. If you should treat, you should try to take other things that you can, but you didn't say, don't take it. You say, take other things. If you can and knowing that that's wh, oh I would I would probably you know, follow the French device and not take don't take it. That's that's it. Don't take it I'm just saying my gut instinct is I'm reading between the lines in it and it W Cho does have doubt but they're trying to hedge their bets right and so like it's like. If someone asked me this core can work, we don't know for sure if it works right, our mechanisms. Are there really good case reports that does work? Yes, at the same time, are there cases reports that are people having extreme reactions that the Swedish government says stop we're not doing the offering chloroquine for any patients in our Swedish hospitals? That's also very valid, so I think if you are gonna ask my prediction: I think Laura can probably works to a limited degree for some people, but in the trial that's gonna come out someday I bet, there's gonna be huge, adverse reactions that could offset the benefits. If you click it, do you find it bizarre how how heavily the president, the president Trump, is promoting the stroke it's or he's just giving people hope. Do you find thing he's just giving hope or is it just? It seems so bizarre for the president to be so strongly pushing one specific drug yeah. It is weird it's kind of like just giving people everything out there. He he's it's. It's like sound bites and like selective information, the Trump wants. The food truck always wants to hear what he likes to hear right. No, like that's, that's pretty obvious, you don't have to be political on the left or right. Everyone can tell us comforting to know hey, there's, oh, if you're listening to the president there's this miracle treatment out there and the president probably is told by someone Oh in this one report. It did work, it's like. Oh great, it does work, but he doesn't know how how science works in which yeah, okay, you know you it's like finding. There are people like James burns. He lived to a hundred smoked, a cigar and like cigarette all these cigarettes a day and drank whiskey everyday. He lived a hundred years old if you took that as an anecdote, and you can play find lots of people who smoked and live to like 90 or 100 right. It's like oh look. He lived to 90 years old, 100 years old and smoked a pack of cigarettes a day. Are you gonna buy those people absolutely, but is that the overall picture? That's no, because overall picture is that you know smoking. Cigarettes causes heart attacks and lung cancer and other cancers when you're always gonna find these extreme. Like oh wow, amazing, 100 years old person smoke, the pack of cigarettes I want to ask you I want to zoom out a little bit, because the whole concept of a virus is very bizarre. Can you tell me what what is a virus? A virus is actually not alive. It's a particle of either an RNA or DNA with a code. It's just a pure piece of a strip of code covered in the envelope. Okay, which is by the way the envelope is built by the code inside it cannot replicate on its own. It can reproduce it does not eat anything. It does not poop anything all it does. Is it needs to find an something another hosts cell factory so that you could slip in while the factories running me? You know your own cell, producing your own proteins slip its code in there and make the the cells machinery read the code and make the viruses proteins which, and so the virus is not alive. It is just a piece of code gone wild, it is, it is no, it does not think of its own. It survives only to maximize its chance of slipping into another host and forcing the host to make its own proteins, for that seems so bizarre to me that it's not alive. Yet it has like when you, when you, when you think of bacteria, for example it's living and it and it reproduces, but how can something not be alive yet seek to reproduce itself? It's just very weird doesn't seek it's just it's an it's an eight. It's a it's a function of evolution right if it dot, if if it had a crappy piece of code or if it's junk code, it's not gonna, go anywhere right, it's not going to reproduce itself and it's gonna die out. So after billions and trillions of copies and billions and trillions and mutations, it's gonna tinker it itself in a way that is readable by the host cell and it's gonna make in this readable code is gonna, make something that will help us survive anything that selects for all these things will therefore live. That is life too. That is also kind of in a way what we do right, like think about it, our ancestors. So now we are here because someone gave birth to us and if our ancestor was infertile, was castrated in battle or had some sort in polycystic ovarian syndrome to make their ovaries infertile. We would not be here right. We are the Selective reason for this and I think the best reason is look name, the vitamin that has caused the most Wars and strife in human civilization. Can you name it the vitamin name, a vitamin or mineral that is caused more warm strife and human suffering than any other vitamin I. Don't know it's vitamin D. The reason is the reason that Nordic people have lighter skin Middle Eastern people have medium brown, skin and Africans have dark. Skin is that the more north you go, the less sunlight you get direct sunlight! That's why those it's colder up in the Arctic Circle, but that's also why there are more blondes, fair-skinned, light-skinned people in Norway, Denmark and Scotland and Sweden. Then there are in Italy in Turkey and Greece or Middle East. The reason for that is the dark. The dark skin prevents you from making as much vitamin D. So as these humans have left out of Africa, which is we can we know that from DNA it's in the code, you can't get away from that and they migrated from the Middle East to Italy to northern Europe, to the Nordic countries. They had to evolve, lighter skin, hmm and the only reason they did. That was so that their skin can continue to make vitamin D from the Sun, because a dark skin in in Norway would never make enough vitamin D in the Norwegian Sun. What interesting and so in certain ways we evolved, lighter skin and and everything else from it racism. All these other kind of things that we'd identify with our tribal nature is because we evolved that so the same season are we evolved lighter-skinned in northern latitudes and darker-skinned at the equator. It is the same driving force because we need vitamin D and if you don't evolve, vitamin E lighter-skinned in northern latitudes, you will die because you will not get enough vitamin D. You will die and over time you select for only people who have enough light-skinned mutations that led to their survival in the Nordic countries and that's the same reason. The virus survives because it just it knows nothing but random gibberish of codes, but out of all these random gibberish or mutations, it will select the best thing that will allow it to survive, and that is over time becomes the perfect ball, just a total random number generator running on another generator, but is selected for survival by the forces or whatever around which it looks. But where does it come from? How does a virus? Well? How did the first virus come into being I mean? Where do these things come from? What is it? I mean I. Just oh, you said: what is it but like not like I mean what? How did it come to be that these things are floating around? But that's that's a really good question. You also ask: how do we come into being from primordial soup, but it's it's. It seems almost so I didn't so the the origin of the viruses as mysterious as life itself, and it even seems to be almost like an antithesis of life as we know it almost, but it is part of the world. You know it. We are the same evolutionary functions that drove us to be from. You know, quadrupedal to bipedal, because bipedal people can run faster. These things of forces allow us to survive and I think that is the ultimate evolutionary message. You know. I, unfortunately, have two leaps: ok, good I'm coming - I'm coming -. How much time do you have left Oh? Probably 5 minutes. So let me ask you this, then briefly, let's, let's close it up here, what if you have an? What are the misconceptions? What do people need to know from you right now to protect themselves? What are the most important things they need to do to make this better for them and and really as us as for the country. What do we need to know? I? Think what we need to know is look we need to do testing. We need to basically know that certain people have more susceptibility right. If you are diabetes, high blood pressure, heart disease, any lung disease, any immuno, immunity disease- you should be extra extra careful in addition to, if your hold, because you know a lot of people are asymptomatic and healthy and mild. But if you have any of these things, like I said a diabetic person has 17 times higher chance of being ICU emitted than someone who's not, and these are the realities we have to know. These risk factors would at the same time, this virus. You know if we lift up the lockdown, we're gonna have a resurgence. We're gonna have to find a way to identify everyone who has been previous built up immunity, that's the Asaro testing of virus antibodies and there's really good evidence that if you someone who has survived, give donates their plasma to someone who is sick, he actually improves their element, not a randomized trial, yet but good anecdotal evidence that a lot of people believe and these things, basically, those who have had an immunity can potentially go back to work someday and we're gonna find ways that if you are super healthy, zero risk factors or you have immunity, we can find ways for these people to go back to work and we can open restaurants and movies and movie theaters soon, but but we have to find ways in which to do it slowly. We cannot reopen, have sports games again and full capacity movie theaters again. Those are the days of the past until we have a vaccine. We just simply cannot do that, and so we will get through this. It will t wheel, it will change our society forever. The year took the 20/20 will be here in which our society evolves to a higher level of appreciation for universal healthcare, potentially that you know actually giving that guy healthcare make sure he doesn't get sick he's actually protects me and my family I think people are finally waking up. I, better pay for uh I have government pay for his healthcare, his co vid his treatment so that he doesn't keep infecting me. Oh because he can't afford to go to hospital and get organ tested right. I think will have huge ramifications there in terms of away. We see a society and I see a lot of conservatives coming around to that to. Finally I don't want to keep you too long. I want to ask you one last question: cuz I know you're in a hurry, so I, don't I, don't want to mess up your schedule. Can I order our food? Yes, I would sanitize it when you cut when it comes in your house, how either with our bleach, wipe or you you there's UV wands by the way- are really good. Wine light kills the, but you know I gotta get a UV one, those off you lights or UV lamps and the other thing is your food. A microwave instantly kills things microwaves, a food if you don't counter microwave your salad, but what you orders of cook food? How long? How long do I need to microwave it yeah 15 30 seconds for be enough? What about groceries when you come back home with groceries? This is the weird thing yeah, if you don't trust it wash it with soap. If you can, you know like washer melon with soap. If you really want it, but you can obviously can't microwave your soap, you can use a UV one over it. If you really want to um I mean, should you really wipe every bag? Every package that you bring into the house? Look about? Okay, OCD! Are you like? Well, what's the risk level in your in your opinion? Is there a risk there or if you're immunocompromised I would do that yeah? If you're young and you don't have risk factors? Okay, maybe you can you know of be less gung-ho hardcore? In fact, if I order this shirt online and it arrived, can I wear it, yeah virus does not survive that long. Their body does not survive longer than three days on on. This is good information, biotic sand and stainless steel one day on cardboard and paper so and again, high temperature and humidity always kills it bastard. Okay, so heat is your friend, you know is the summer gonna wipe is the summer gonna reduce the spread to some degree. But again you know summer here is winter or down in southern atmosphere. So there's no, it doesn't happen. Thing is the other thing is we're indoor people we go to comic-con conventions and hotel meetings and workplaces are air-conditioned than summer. It makes no difference so in in in many ways you know it's, it will not go away. It will have a resurgence in the fall I'm pretty sure, but hopefully by then we'll have a plan. We'll have 2021 that's the future. The vaccines will hopefully arrive in 12 to 18 months, which means hopefully February 2021 earliest, but maybe spring of 2021. So how do we make? How do we make billions of vaccines? I? Guess we've already done it. You've already kind of ramped up ready to we like Bill Gates, has donated billions of dollars. He's saying we're. Building seven factories ready to build whichever vaccine is six nice. That's nice good job bill yeah also, you know, like you, know, know CEO Twitter, horsey horsey. You don't need that billion dollars, 90 percent of as well yeah, that's ballsy! If we want to donate what is your opinion and good place to donate to donate blood? That's right now! Really! Really! Yes, can I buy it? Can I buy it? Can I pay poor people to go donate blood? No, they need your blood, especially if you survive the virus. They really need your blood, some bit I'm right for everyman, whatever they're ready for them all right, I'll donate can I pay Zack to go donate blood. Is that just as good, but is it safe to go and donate blood the one you need to be? If you don't have it, this is the big thing. So there's no clear answers. There's no black and white answers in this epidemic. So well, dog, you want just be safe. We've we've said it all: smart we've done it all. We've talked about it all. We've learned. We've listened, then I. Thank you so much for being here with us and sharing your knowledge with us. What do you have next BBC yeah BBC they're, calling me on skype at the same time? So, okay? Well, you better take that call yeah, let's so let's hopefully meet up and do a in-person one. On the flip side, words right when you can fly again, yeah! That's a good point! Well, okay! Well! Thank you very much. Thank you for spreading information and doing all these interviews and everything I know you're, probably busy, as hell but you're doing a public service. So thank you very much. We really appreciate it. Thank you all right, [Music].