Welcome everybody to not just the greatest show, which I will say: I'll put that forth without any hesitation, but to the greatest episode of the greatest show where peak peak peak peak, because today we have an exclusive about none other than the most reoccurring villain and the EH, the universal, so Flo Antonio. We have uncovered evidence. This is a h3 exclusive through an anonymous tipster that so Flo is running an n95 I mean, can I call it a scam. Dan I mean legal purposes, maybe not, but but what I've uncovered is that so Flo is selling he's selling or he was selling. He sold. Thousands and thousands of n95 masks that were never shipped via a what's a word for something where you sell it, but then you never ship it and you never had it to begin with. What do you call that? Oh yeah I forget the word yeah, but but we have an anonymous tip from someone who was working with him on that project, but then they gave us a ton of leads and we were able to basically verify a lot of the information and evidence he presented to us via our own investigation, so I'm very excited to dig into what can only be called the greatest h3 exclusive all-time Wow, but before we get down hill from here spicy, today's episode is sponsored by Adam and Eve. Neon DS and honey and I will say. I gotta follow up. First of all, with Papa John was on our show last week for a call it and he had graciously offered to donate $100,000 to our help campaign, we're giving away $100,000 of our own money on Twitter for a hundred days, and he aggressively offered to augment that. Unfortunately, after talking to my accountant she's like look dude you're, not a you're, not a you're, not a nonprofit, this is just gonna. This is gonna, turn it to a whole mess, and so she advised against taking his money, which probably soap. So what what he's decided to do in lieu of that is to donate a hundred thousand dollars to the LA Regional Food Bank in our name, so a hundred thousand dollars is going to the food bank, the most reputable food bank here in Los Angeles, and that should help feed what'd. You say dad four hundred thousand meals cuz, you talk yeah, it's like an absurd amount. I forget the exact conversion, but they say you know every ten dollars does like four meals or something like that. So you did. You know you multiply that a lot. So that's a lot of food. That's amazing! So I thank Papa John for donating in our name to that I, like food bank thank mind that will go to help a lot of people yeah and that should satisfy that should satisfy people who said I should have donated to the food bank. So that's awesome. Now I was something just threw me for a loop. This morning, Elon Musk has been losing his ass on Twitter lately. Why is going on and I was like man? I got talked about this ELA cuz Iran's a subject of many conversations here on the podcast I'm, a fan of Elon Musk and everything he's achieved, but he's been going on for he's been going on like anti lockdown rants on Twitter, saying free, America, I'm opening his Twitter, he pinned it. He said free America, now, okay, he's been just tweeting all kinds of media about how the lockdown is unwarranted and that the death rate is way lower than we think and I have to say, based on what I understand again: I'm not gonna profess to be as smart as Elon Musk, but I have looked and read a lot about the corona virus, as you guys know, and as I understand it. It's a lot of dubious science. These suggestions that the lockdown is unnecessary and that the death rate is low and that we don't care if all people die and all this, it's very dubious and from from what I understand, especially from our conversation with dr. King, is that if you open up the economy and just let everyone do their thing, the economy's gonna cause mm-hmm. This is not it's counterproductive anyway. He tweeted out today and what could only be perceived as a drug-fueled rant and I'm telling you [ __ ]. He says classifying all deaths as Corona, even if Corona didn't cause the death is simply a lie and well I. Guess we I, don't think that's what's happening, I think. The actual truth is that the corona death deaths are even higher than what's being reported because there's a lot of people dying at home who, who are not going to the hospital right and so and so again this was somewhat dubious misinformation. He actually tweeted out a video that was removed by YouTube for misinformation. So that's pretty epic. So anyway, he tweeted out today, I am selling. All of my physical possessions will not will no longer own a house. How is that related? Well, we I. Don't you never know if he's memeing or not cuz apparently he's like I should post her? No that's like this thing and then he says, and then this was the best when he goes. Tesla stock price is too high. In my opinion, which means he's shorting his own company and his stock of Tesla immediately tanked ten percent. Actually now it's at ten point three percent- that's incredible! He talked he take this old company stock by 10 percent. There's people in the comments like you know, I just lost ten thousand dollars. You know what, while that is hilarious, I, don't we don't necessarily know that he has actually shorted his own right right right, like that, would obviously be highly illegal and probably send him to jail. So no, he didn't sure he didn't sure I'm sure he did what I mean is he's tanking, his own stock, sure yeah yeah that he starts singing the star-spangled banner. He says oh say: does that star-spangled, Spangled Banner, yet wave gave proof through the night that our flag was still there and the Rockets red glare. The bombs bursting in air now give the people back their freedom. Isn't that great he's, like I sang the star-spangled banner, now give the people hook to freedom. He also said that his girlfriend is mad at him right here. He says my girlfriend. Grimes is mad at me, and their response was someone said: well, that's good news to hear that you're still together and then he said baby due on Monday, so I think he's gotta be he's on something man. There's no explanation. I mean thinking back to when we were a few days before our due dates. Yeah, if you were tweeting, this kind of madness I would have had a heart attack. He was a no space to be I, can't imagine well, no, and and well. Thank you and no of course, I. Wouldn't I would just cause a bunch of drama when you're in Israel, while your dad was yes. Thank you for the ice, but but anyway, I was just shocked. I mean most of all, just that he said his who says it's. My company is overvalued and, and then the investors like all right, cool, no fascinating stuff I would follow. Elon Musk's, there's a there's a whole thing going on here. So there you have it Elon Musk, ladies and gentlemen, shave 10% off his stock in an hour before we get into the so flow. There's a lot of stuff I want to catch up on to Invader. V is a twitch streamer, who wasn't a bit of controversy for what can only be described as a very epic rant of shaming her audience into subbing, which is pretty I mean it's amazing here, let's watch invader V. Is she popular? Do you guys know, or is she like? A small streamer? Oh no, there's a lot more attention. Now, after this dude, the twitch link is down I'm glad we. We have a mirror yeah, I'm glad we have the mirror. So here it is because I'm not asking you for a large financial contribution. If it costs $20 to son, $20 is quite a bit of money. $20 is but a sub is $5 at maximum. In whatever your currency is, it's maybe $10 and it doesn't matter how broke you are. If you have time to watch Tom long, you have $5 is kind of a lot, but when I was 12, $5 was like I mean a [ __ ]. That was a Subway sandwich. I'm, not I, wasn't spending twin dollars, you know meal and I was bro. That's like a mega splurge when you drop 20 bucks on a meal. Damn I'm just saying that I'm on a dollar doesn't change in different currencies. It stays five dollars. What did she say? Well, she's like in whatever I do currency. It's like ten dollars, oh yeah, but five dollars I'm like anyway, five dollars. That's a lot of money! Dude. If she was saying one dollar, maybe I could find easily. What you mean to say is I'm so irresponsible. With my money, I can't support the entertainment that I enjoy dude she's got like this is psycho I, gotta, say she's like man, we got to get this girl selling some timeshares or something I was like wow. This is a hard sell for a twitch twitch sucks man holy [, __, ] she'll, be a good mom. Someday she's got this like evil, laugh right and just in general, I wonder if the people who follow her are just into this kind of like being mean yes, I had the same dog. It's total like femdom yeah, it's total femdom. It's I've, seen other oven diesels into that Vin Diesel. What do you think about invader by you wants her to step on his dick, alright I just reminded me: I saw this one video on. What's that one website words got like all or if you [, __ ], this girl, wanna stilettos steps on the deck in the kind of spike on the stiletto goes through the deck like I, never went back to that site, but I I think you're, right I think it is some kind of femdom that they like being demeaned. She goes on because I was like interesting. So anyway, this clip was going around. Everyone was making fun of her and I was starting. I was digging into her clips, there's a lot of great stuff from her she's, a character in so she's reading a comic some guy part of this. She goes I'm, unemployed, I, can't I, don't have any money. So here's her response, it's five dollars. It's really like you're, never you're, not gonna you're. No one's gonna convince me that what I'm saying is so rude or so unacceptable or so outrageous something cold. As hell man she's got yeah. That's not a sane man, oof [, __, ] she'll, be a great mom. Someday I definitely could not afford to pay for a tweet subscription. When we were poor, it's just not on the top priority they send down relationship. Then you can find five dollars. She's right, I mean you just starve. If you need to you're watching this stream, if your life, if you were sucked I, mean she's right right, if your life is so destitute that you're watching this stream and your endless femdom relationship, you need to pony up for her, you got a pony up. First, no matter what now I couldn't afford to give to her one point at the time, but I was I, was um, I wasn't consuming her high-quality content. I was wondering if she's like in, like 2021 kind of thing, where she's too young to understand what she's saying kind of thing she seems. Smart actually is 29. She's 29, you looked up her age yeah. She looked 29 yeah well, according to Google Google's, never wrong! I like 29. Oh so she's got a little bit. What do you call that an anime we're like the old lady looks young lolly al-ahli right? Is that what it is? There's this thing in anime where and you can correct me- and they have this thing where you have like an old lady, but that she looks like she's 12 so that you can like section. So it's like weird pedo [, __ ], but you can sexualize this little animal right, colonel being that's actually 900 years old, exactly matter that she looks like a child. That's what you know too much about it. I just heard it's called a lolly right dan dan said is not I mean I. Guess that's the term for yeah I mean somebody look up the alley. I guess define it. Somebody look up, love it and I want that definition. I guess FBI is gonna. Kick in my door, somebody divine lolly god damn is it that bad Japanese media focusing on attraction to young girls? Yeah, oh yeah, same thing: oh, wait! That's lolly, Kahn, yeah, I, guess lolly is a shorthand for it or something. I. Don't know. Okay. That was a bit much yeah I by the way have not looked at that beulah I've heard no ice also were talking about on Twitter I thought it was just about old people. Look young not like about specifically about young anime girls, that's creepy as far I could, but she is a look she's Jesus great we're at a time for a sponsor, read, I, don't know if a sponsor he wants to come right after the Lalique on. So let me let me let me move on away from the lolly I didn't endorse the lolly by the way I'm just saying it's a thing: lollipop lollipop, Oh, lolli lollipop. How long we've been going down she she later apologized for her remarks. Oh she erased over endorse it. I, don't I mean how bad is that to say: I, wonder if she's another daddy Dom shed no I, think she's the dog, no she's the dog. What what are they? What do you guys call her? Do they call her mommy? Is that weird, but maybe mommy Dom mommy thumbs awesome if I get in a diaper, and you like put [ __ ] up. My ass I don't know what it I don't know what it is: honey, honey, honey you go that honey is the free online shopping tool that automatically finds the best promo codes and applies them to your cart a, but do you know how great it feels to save and what about how it feels to save with honey? Well, let me tell you: saving with honey, feels like sliding into a seat on the train just before the doors close and there's an old person watching and you're like I'm, not getting up for them. You know what I mean I know when there's a whole person on the bus or train you like I, [, __, ] them it's my seat and then and then hitting every green light on your commute. That's how good it feels finishing up your podcast episode right as you walk into work. It's that perfect timing that perfect fit. Hmm! That's what it is all about with honey honey. Is that perfect, no wipe or one wipe [ __ ]! You got a chip. Wipe wants to check, that's how good it feels to save with honey. Let me tell you what I did with honey, Papa John's Pizza, that we ordered the other week and honor of Papa John himself saved $11.64, without even knowing we were doing it. Here's how it works! You just buy the thing you're at the checkout. You've got this plugin installed. It's just. You install it in a matter of two clicks by going to join honey, calm, slash h3 when you're at your car and you're checking out honey's like hold on. Let me just check the internet automatically for codes and it's like boom. Just what was that sound, so honey goes. Ah I found the coupon boss, I just saved you $11.64 on your pizza pie, I'm like dude, that's sick, I'm about to pay full price. It's just like that! That's how it works! It's found it's 18 million members over two billion dollars in savings. We've got over 30,000 stores online, including Macy's targets for at Best, Buy and more threatening and they're, adding more every day. Users, love honey! That's why it has a hundred thousand five star reviews on the google chrome store using honey feels pretty great. It's a daily victory, plus it's free to use and install just a few seconds, get honey for free at join honeycomb, / HP, that's join honey, calm, /, h3, cut back to the apology, hi and you're very angry about what I said in that clip I'm very angry I'm, not that angry. She went from like femdom to uh interviewing or like week, 1950 secretary, like secretary from admin, her posture and [ __, ] I would prefer if she just got out the femdom look like weapons just started cracking unfold. The clip that you saw does not represent my true feelings: hmm I've streamed for hundreds of hours and I've said support communities after you support yourself. First, it's only five dollars. I think this clip ever went like mega viral I. Think, like pewdiepie I thought everyone thought was talking about it. It's intense when you go from being like having a couple hundred people watching you to like everybody on the internet, like a literal tsunami of hate, can make anybody crumble. Even this fandom I do have to say: I checked out her Instagram, you did yeah I. Did it well? I? Don't research hold on I want to pull it up. All the comments are so awful. Oh, my god yeah yeah she's getting hard. Do you remember any here? Let me look at her mo I can't look at it um when you guys pulled up and read some to us. Yeah I just pulled up her most recent Oh ash. Look at this. She has 43 thousand followers and her most recent post has almost 2,000 comments. So that's already. So this is something it's just everybody's, just spamming, clown, emoji time for you to get off that entitled ass and get a real job. Wow I mean I have to say, like lmao, you're, literally 20, 29 years old, get a real job. You [ __ ] granny, it's crazy! What are you? What are you doing posting on insta? You should be working well, she's I mean I hate to say it, but she basically said the same thing to her fans. Alright. But do you feel bad for at any point when this harassment continues for doesn't even call harassment because she kind of brought it on herself? Obviously, but at what point do you feel bad for her I I mean this Instagram post was from like a month ago, but the comments are still there's comments from 34 minutes ago, an hour ago, it's like people are just like this. Video went viral. It was like two weeks ago at a certain point. It's like this. It's really not that important guys. So, there's there's like a small group of dedicated men, I'm assuming men, angry men who are beat some women, but yeah, probably men. It's probably a safe assumption. Yeah I, don't know I just can't help, but have a little bit of PTSD, because just from anytime that we are but what she said, she'll be fine, you know, yeah she'll be fine, it was, it was pretty good. I mean like it kind of should have gone viral cuz. You know on Twitter is always this culture of like people begging for subs is always a like a soft yeah. She did like the ultimate begging for soap, yeah [Music], but then so I went down. Her clip pole went on the clip. Pole I saw this clip recently. I was like wow, this girl's, crazy and then I realized. Just now it was her. It was her. Alright I did see that one randomly on somewhere so watch this every one of you can have both hands on the keyboard. She says she says both hands on the keyboard, because she often acknowledges that people are probably masturbating there. She goes I bet with some of you handle. That means they're fully engaged with the mean to me. I'm sure I mean no. It's probably most people with hands on the keyboard, but I'm not wearing it's going to yeah the planet is dying, the government hates us the animals are leaving. The aliens aren't contacting us, we might be alone, it just might be you and me, but that's okay, because its own, so obviously she has to be on drugs right. Can you deliver speech like that sober I mean not necessarily I'd have to see the context. She's right, I'll take a little of that. Whatever pass that room today to what people do for drugs these days. But do you think it changed that much I? Don't think it changed that much I? Don't know man dosing of acid as well. That's what yeah I don't know anything about. You just take a little bit of acid like every day. Yeah. Apparently you just take a tiny bit and then you just feel it a little bit and it's supposed like a parent. Apparently people in Silicon Valley, like Megatech billionaires all do micro things. Weird thing: I mean at a certain point: when you have a family and kids, you kind of got to put that [, __ ] behind you I feel like you can't come home. You have microdose, daddy, he's microdose I, think that it's such a small I don't actually know I've, never I've, never micro, dosed I've seen someone doing it and they were they were high for sure, but maybe he didn't, maybe maybe it wasn't so much he's like I'm like reducing bro I was like your [ __ ], medium dosing, yeah, impressive, frankly, I have to say: I was impressed by that on par with them with what's-his-name did that this is this? Is BA I, don't know the name, I, don't know the movie. What kind of now Jesus anything great commentary? This is what we subscribe for: Glenn, the movie about the church: yes Glenn, Gary, Ross, he's famous, what's his name, the famous actor Noel Pacino Alec Baldwin! Thank you yes about the watch. It's like that ABC always be closing, always be closing, always be camp from The Bachelor. This is a mess can always be, can possibly follow this conversation. Sidenote bachelor, listen to your heart is amazing. It's so good cuz. It's like bachelor amplified times tent, because all these people are want to be musicians and they're, so vain and they're so desperate, because they're, like musicians and all the guys are walking around with guitars, are judged on their music performance and their love at the same time, which makes no sense, but right, it's great, is it? Is it actually good because, yes, yeah watch that [ __ ] I didn't watch the whole season? I'd watch the finale the two-part for now that was divorcees in about that last season was the worst season. No, no! No! No! No I stopped I'm telling you Dan. That was the worst season, a bachelor of all time. I couldn't even make it through it dan I promise. If you put on listen to your heart, you were gonna, you were gonna love it it's so compelling, but we really talked about great shows: I'm, not gonna mention 90-day fiance dude we're having such a tangent I'm in the middle of a segment. I had a couple more Clips over I wanna. Let's just let's just say this 90-day fiance before the nine days is the best sit-in of reality, television I've ever seen in my life. The greatest show right now. Dude you've got big an you they by the way. Everyone knows: Big, Ed he's not even the best side story. There's a one guy who has been dating this Ukrainian girl for seven years. He flies to Ukraine to meet her. He doesn't even have her phone number he's only talked to her on this chat and he said in case to chance paid $100,000 over seven years. He considers his girlfriend and he can sheesh and she blows him off, and then he goes on a loss journey to some war-torn Ukrainian city. On the edge of war with Russia, looking for her walking around the small ukrainian village thing to know this girl, it's unbelievable another one. There's this older woman and by the way, this woman and that guy are both from Las Vegas and if she goes, she goes I'm dating this guy named Williams. It's not a name Williams, it's William with the acid in it sniper man and it's like some mega jacked dude, who looks like something like you would have a million followers on Instagram. But yet somehow you only is like a hundred followers on Instagram, so she's flirting with this guy, sending him nudes and then all the sudden. His profile disappears. All there it's disappeared and then she gets an email from somebody that says: hey, I'm, gonna, release your nudes and come harm. You because I have your address. Unless you pay me, she goes there's a woman who got scammed by some Nigerian with her nudes. It's all on the show. She's gotta talk to her daughter, she's, like I and she's so delusional. She goes I still believe that he's real and her daughter's, like I, told you who's. Scamming you from the very beginning, we all knew their daughters, his pictures and and she's like what is wrong with you and then she's like yeah and I, sent him pictures that now he is trying to get money for and the daughters like. What kind of pictures like don't tell me, you sent him a nudes I'll, tell you everything and like Big Ed is amazing, but these other two side stories are even crazier. It's the I love when that David. What this is named David he was sitting in the coffee shop and he waited for her for like three hours and he had like the flowers yeah. He was drinking a bottle of champagne by himself and the small ukrainian village. Well they here's the other part about this guy. Here's the other part about this guy, this Ukrainian girl. He had gone there to meet her several years before and she stood him up. Yeah. Okay, think about that and then three years later he went back again he's going again and he got stood up again every time he talks about murder. He says my girlfriend anyway, you gotta watch yo, you gotta watch it you gotta watch it. They only chat over this website. He'd spent like a hundred grand talking the other week about that with the whole idubbbz thing about people, not understanding simple misusing it and all this stuff. That's a [, __, ], simp textbook and he's 70 years old, and has this really awful yeah? And then he so he goes man I'm, just I'm, so disappointed she stood me up again and then, by the way they could only chat on the site if they're both online at the same time. So he has no way to contact her. He can't even message her he'd. They have to be online at the same time or they can't chat, and so he finally gets the opportunity to chat with her and she goes. Oh. She says after all this as she goes hi. Would you like to meet up for pictures and to to continue our relationship because I the green card or the green card? That's it like so inhuman and then he goes. You think he's gonna be pissed right, but he goes. It's amazing: what about any pull is a skip. Ian ended change, his shirt in the restaurant yeah yeah, he yep he was giving himself a shower and the restaurant he brought a change of shirts because it was too sweaty want to look his best as a wig. Right anyway, we were talking about invader, beat I. Have we got to do ads? We're like way over now? Wait what, after that tangent? Oh, we didn't ever did it me Andy, sorry, it's officially spring, which means it's officially spring cleaning time. Yes, that's the thing: if you're not doing it, you should spring cleaning, especially with your underwear drawer, I, have to agree. You really want to empty your end. Underwear, drawer. There I have underwear, that's so old that the like the band gets crusty from age any like loses all elasticity. You guys know what I'm talking about your red underwear that all relationships, toxic, all tattered, undies, move on to a membership with the softness underwears to ever grace your nether regions, a fresh start for spring. Why do you need me on DS membership? You ask honestly because it's fun it's an easy way to give your future self a present each month. Membership with communities is full of perks like site-wide savings, early access, free shipping and new, ridiculously soft underwear delivered your door each month. Building your on D collection makes your adult life just a tad easier. More undies equals less laundry signs. What does that mean? Why is it less laundry I, don't know. Does it more on these illegal war? Laundry? Maybe maybe, because you can, you have more clean under exactly the cycle- is longer yeah, okay and I'm, not gonna. Think too much about it. Yeah science. They said it's beyond me. Mandy says they're made of micro Moke modal, which is basically like what did the what's the material in Wakanda vibranium, it's like vibranium for underwear, micro, modal. What the heck is that it's a magical, sustainable, softest, heck fabric made from trees, yes, trees. That makes your my phone just made a sound without a mutated fabric made from trees, yes, trees. That makes your bits feel like they're floating on a cloud me. Andes are offered in a range of sizes, from extra small to 4. Xl mandis has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchase. You get 15% off and free shipping. That's a no-brainer, especially because you have about 100 billion satisfaction guaranteed so to get 15% off your first order. Free shipping and 100% set satisfaction guarantee, go to me: Andes, calm, /h 3. That's me on DS dot-com, /h 3, alright, now it's been like an hour and we can finally finish this segment. So this is what you got a little weird for me. Okay, I mean tell me: what do you think about this? Clip here are usually men in relationships or actively dating between the ages of I. Think 25 to maybe 42 mm-hmm I, usually work in tech um. A lot of Engineers are in here right now. It's really crazy. The other day when we were talking about um like what we all do for a living. Oh no! So when you guys um, don't know to me, it tells me your name that is attached to your PayPal and if your name is attached to your PayPal and you don't know to me I, look you up on Google, I, googled and I keep your linkedin that's over. That was weird, although I guess, if you're donating to her, maybe you're flattered that she knows who you are right, cuz, it's all about she's, like your virtual girl, yeah I, guess some people would probably like that. Do you think she's? You know why you would put that out. There yeah I find out very weird but again I'm, not in the ski co system. I, don't know. The whole thing is very weird, but clearly the people follow her like whatever this is the way she talks she's streaming right now, I'm curious. How many people watch her see she should be working as the middle of the day, hello, 130 offline. What the hell are you doing, get a job run off of twitch. Oh, you think so by the mob. Yeah I get the feeling that she wouldn't care too much about. That I mean, if she's constantly getting brigaded by a thousand people telling her she's I hope not I hope this doesn't scare her off. Oh ish yeah, if you just search her invader, V last live thirty four minutes ago, so nevermind, oh good. She has a hundred and fifty two thousand followers. That's not subs. That's just followers I wanted to see her delivery. I feel like she must be somewhat used to getting that kind. Yeah she invites it. You know she definitely invited it's, which is a hostile environment honestly. So that struck me as weird and then and then here she is being a so. This does tell me we think about this one you and this our final clip. You would never open your mouth again, not only yourself, but your entire family and every single member of your family who ever existed in succession to bring you the absolute lowest form of done on the planet. All of them are ashamed of. You he's like why. Just alright, that's pretty good I, gotta, say props to her I gotta, say I'm, not I'm kind of. Is that, like a character? That's what I'm I mean it's that her thing, I'm sure she's playing it up. You know I gotta, say I, don't already hate her I'm kind of a fan of her stick. If it's a stick, I guess if it doesn't seem that bad I mean look if you're a fan a lot, you know what you're getting yourself into it's like, say: USA, you know I mean but from the outside I think it looks like she's having she's enjoying herself. You know anyway, we're moving on. We've talked about that for much long enough. Sloppy joe I should show these I've been meaning to show these we're so close. Next, by the way you guys sloppy joe biden, meme album, we were wondering which one's the funniest, because there's been some really good, sloppy joe memes, so you, let's see which one's the best here you took everything from me. Star Wars mean you'd, I, don't even know where I am pretty good. It's not that's! Not Star Wars I mean it's uh Avengers, oh you're, mixing your Disney scene is this from. Oh, this is a little Thanos yeah and it's the the stupid redhead chick Oh. At the end, I'm not gonna, say anything. People are gonna hate me if I say that I just like that thing about this film I did the [ __ ] log. Ok, bunch lock, but it's definitely Sherlock anyway, get in loser where, where yeah this one's really popular because he's pulls up so smug get in loser, that's pretty great, come on! That's a fantastic game! No ok! I just get frustrated by all of these cuz. It's still just insane that they're running this man yeah. Well, what option is there? Look he got it. He got it. I mean what do you I mean? You know, let's roll the dice baby. Let's play this play. Who wants to be a president who wouldn't want to vote for that man? How do I open a PDF learn more? It's pretty good! Joe 2020! You know the thing Oh. What is this? The Virgin Joe Biden first, the Chad corn pop? Oh, is that from a story yeah, that's the guy that he he threatened to beat up when he was a teenager and he likes to tell that story. I'm gonna skip this because there's too much text group, no Biden, I'm, Joe, Biden and I forgot this message: pretty good confuses wipe with steps with his sister Biden wins Alabama. Well, that's pretty funny the joke being that they like incest, I'm assuming DNC me, Joe, Biden, 2020, man, I, have to say: there's there. He has a lot of images of him being really close to these girls like little girls on on stage yeah I. Don't know if you read it office Oh, like daughters and [, __ ] I, actually can't tell what she's, but like people's daughters, he's always going like yeah, no he's just saying, but I really don't find it like it's some old, just old man, [ __, ], yeah I, don't find like Jeff Epstein gonna, it's just right. Just old old man yeah, maybe they said Hillary was the only candidate that could lose to Trump, but I didn't hold my you know the thing he did say that hold my you know the thing we have to do at least several things one. We have to depend on what the president's gonna do right now and first of all, he has to wait till the cases before anything happens, look the hole that he always does that look. The whole idea is he's got to get in place, things that were sort shortages of dam. That didn't make any sense. You were supposed to destroy the malarkey, not buzzed it that's I mean these are good moves as far as me, albums go I'm into it yeah and then this one was this. One was right from you Dan. You said he announced a podcast preview. That was so bizarre. You thought it was a parody and I agree. It was really bizarre Oh what I just closed everything on my computer, epic, my dude I, really don't know, but give me one sec I'll, reopen it freaking, epic, so he posted on Twitter a preview for podcast and the clip he chose to preview. His podcast podcast by the way is named. Here's the deal, oh that's like. What's so [ __ ] funny to me number one yeah and he always counts you, okay, so here we go so this is what he goes: yo, here's my new podcast, here's, the preview, okay, [Laughter] they're, small like and sneakin. You can buy little packs of them and I get them on the planes when I fly back and forth, and but the thing that is the thing that everybody makes fun of me that when in doubt I have a peanut butter, jelly sandwich, but I learned, everybody was making fun of that and I found out. John Kerry has the same addiction peanut butter, Joey I was the best 45 seconds tick away from that podcast to to preview. I agree, that's a hell of a way! Let's go here! Any was for the entire Wow, so you get tuned into Joe, Biden's podcast. Here's the deal for more insightful nuggets like that and I and I sneak my and I sneak the fig No. Alright. Shall we get to the main story here? I, I, guess: technically you wanted to do the last ad right now, another ad Dan, another ad. This episode is brought to you by Adam and Eve. The number one adult fun store, Adam and Eve says the best part of staying at home is playing at home. Ela got it just so. You know: they've got toys for men, toys for women, toys for couples and every kind of Lube and lotion a man or woman could dream to shove in one of their orifices all around the outside of an orifice. We like liquids, right, lingerie and so many other fun. Spicy gifts take advantage of the downtime and choose almost any item and get 50% off at Adam and Eve com 50% off. When you do you'll get 10 free, boredom busting gifts bust. You got a bus from these blessed from the boredom busting gifts. It cludes 6, spicy movies, 3 piece, bonus, kit and best of all free shipping delivered discreetly right to your door. Just remember to use offer code Age 3, that's h3 at the checkout, for this amazing deal. Adam and Eve has thousands of products to make you glad you're staying at home and busting all over these boredom busting gifts, I'm gonna, bust I'm, busting with excitement, adult toys make being at home, so enjoyable. In fact, shopping from home is more enjoyable when you're shopping for spicy, adult toys and you're gonna be busting all over the place, go to Adam, Eve, calm and use that offer code h3 to get 50% off just about any item plus 10 free gifts so go to Adam and Eve and use the code h3 at checkout. When a dude finishes, you call it busting. What do you what's? The word for one of women finishes: do they also bust? Does anyone have any insight on that? I've, never brought a woman to climax. Oh I, don't know fair enough. I always use a term creaming you, that's disgusting, exact, framing creaming. Do you really use that ie job to use that from time to time now? So let me ask you: if you've had sex with your girlfriend, you say- and you say: did you cream yet no I won't say it in like I, won't say it in that setting I feel like you did in a word, use it in a sentence: uh man, she creamed her panties, oh yeah, it's just in that variable. That's like the only time that it's appropriate, though, for whatever reason they get out of the phrase cream, your panties, all of a sudden. It gets kind of what Duke and cream is pants too I. Guess a dude creams more than what makes more sense. Yeah I think it's more of a play on that you ever you ever cream your pants ACK, all right. Let's, let's move on to so Flo we've had it I've had enough bathroom break yeah, okay! Well, we're gonna! Take a quick break, hard cut, we'll be back to talk about the so Flo scam, I mean not a scam, but you know whatever it is when you don't deliver stuff to people after they bought it. A legend yeah welcome back everybody. It is time for the main story, so Flo Antonio. Now let me start from the top here. I received an anonymous email from somebody with inside information onto the inner workings of so Flo's operation, and he told me now what he told me oh I'll say, but I do. I will say that we've we've been able to independently verify a lot of this, but the numbers and stuff I obviously have no idea if he sent any how much he sent etc what he sent, but according to this guy. So as soon as this uh the pandemic started hitting off, there was a huge demand for n95 masks. People wanted actual medical grade, masks that could you know, filter the virus out and, as you know, there's been a massive shortage of them and therefore a very high demand, and so he accorded to him he's been selling fake, I guess. I shouldn't say fake, but apparently they don't exist according to him and 95 mass. He sold over 18,000 of them and hasn't shipped any of them, but it's been taking people's money since February. So again, I can't verify those numbers or those facts, but what I can verify I'll show you, which is the amount of complaints, and the bet is the best. The Better Business Bureau issuing a warning and all this stuff. So let me, let me take you through this, so flow and 95 scheme can I call it a scheme. I, don't think a scheme is the same as a scam. I would never call it a scam. I would call it a scheme, an alleged scheme. Let me since myself an alleged scheme, it's just a prank. It's a oh good, oh crank. Let's call it the n95 prank yeah, perfect the disaster. Fraud prank experiment right, so his company is called Thunder labs. Now I went to great lengths to make sure that his Thunder labs is the same as this thunder labs that was selling these in 95 mass and not giving them to anyone. So if you look at his Instagram bio you'll, see that he's not very bright is he he says founder of at Thunder labs and it says, thunder lab sigh. Oh now, he's owned from what I can tell thunder labs dot every extension there is and he'll burn one of them and some kind of prank we're gonna, call it a prank and then he'll just use a different extension. So he was, he was pranking. People from it was thunder labs Co right that he was selling these n95 masks from well is actually Thunder shop.com. Okay, Thunder shockingly, is a subsidiary of the wider thunder labs, Network and so the way, the kind of the best way that I can show you that his thunder his Thunder labs is this thunder labs shop. So here's here's the website they've just were selling a bunch of crap or a bunch of random crap. This is what it was and then they start selling these slick ass mats by the way $30 for a mask that doesn't even look protective, but anyway they say crisp and ninety-five filter protective mask Wow, 253, perfect stars. That must be legit. Oh yeah, they had a man. This Facebook is such a [. __ ] show they had a sponsored post on Instagram Thunder shop, org, slash and 95 stay healthy. This flu season, with our new carbon filter, face mask. Can you believe they were letting them run? I can't believe you can just run straight up stuff like this on Facebook, so here's their website thunder laps, now notice the lightning bolt okay. So if you go to so flows, if you go to so flows, page and click, the Thunder labs, Instagram page you'll notice, he has the same lightning bolt it has to be. It has to be his store right. It has to be it's that it's the exact same lightning bolt and it's just a bunch of assortment of crap. So anyway, let's get into the issue here, so we shop website yeah, our screenshots that you guys were able to get before was taken. Yeah was taken now on the website. Isn't down? Yes, it's like not just down, it is scrubbed from the [ __ ] Internet is super. Work is pretty crazy. We had links to the wayback machine and our document when we first researched this, but somehow the wayback machine was scrubbed and I didn't even know you could do that. I didn't know you could do that either. I did look into it and yeah. Apparently it's like a process. You have to email them like a takedown requests, bla bla bla like, but there is a method to do it and he seemingly did it because our saved Wayback Machine links are all dead now and if you just manually, try and search through it for any of these thunder whatever it's just it's gone, but he but I just wonder why he would go through all that effort and then just keep the same logo like it's obvious. I guess he's just trying to scrub that he was scamming people, scheming, pranking people, sorry, not scamming pranking people of these n95 masks, but anyway it's got the same logo. We also found the Articles of Incorporation, which is public and it has thunder labs LLC. It has so Flo's name on it. He is the founding member, as well as I've sent another person with the same last name, and if you click his name, you can see other businesses, he owned slaves, LLC, prevent copyright, LLC, slay, LLC, there's a [ __ ] ton of them. He had a company called prevent copyright. Yes, so Flo did and I'm stealing and I will say that I'm, fair well, who knows best and I, will say that I'm pretty sure that all of these companies are elaborate pranks, where they prank you out of your money. There's a ton. This guy is got a shitload of companies, but basically this shop. It seems like this website that was just selling all this super random, like it's like wish, or any of those drop shipping sites which yeah I. Actually, when we were researching this yesterday went back to our old podcast with him, which was like episode like 10 or something like super early, and it was funny because part of the conversation he was talking about how he was getting out of the the content gaming getting into dropshipping. And apparently this is here. We are to two and a half years later and this let's drop [ __ ]. What does that even mean? It means yeah. You know how like with Teddy, fresh or or how we used to do with our merch. You know you have an inventory and you have a warehouse where it's all stored drop. Shipping is when you you skip that middleman. You do sales and then you have the factory, send it directly to somebody factory in China or wherever you don't warehouse. You just sell [ __, ], philia, Marvel warehouse. He doesn't have any product, so I think it is from China and sometimes you would order it and it takes like 30 days yeah and then he arranges to just have it sent directly to them, so he never actually has to warehouse or store any product. I, don't know if that's exactly how he was operating. The slender labs, no I'm gonna give him the benefit of the doubt and say like maybe he thought these masks were gonna get here from China and maybe they never did. But the fact is that apparently he's according to this guy and again I can't confirm that he's not refunding people, but according to the reviews, they're not nobody's gotten the mask or the money back. Here's pictures from his website, they say avoid surgical masks. Are you kidding me? These is that, and this is like the antiviral mask that you should be wearing. So they say: don't wear this wear this. That was so weird. Why did they do that? Well, now, they're saying anything is good yeah they're like to just put a bra on your face like that one guy. So anyway, here's his [, __ ], let's see buy, to get free shipping safeguard your family from deadly coronavirus, medical grade and 95 filter mask reduces the risk of corona virus lab tested and 95 rated I, really doubt that they've got weight. It only kills. Ninety five point: nine nine percent of viruses that, since shouldn't be a little higher okay. So anyway, here's all the [ __ ] about how their [ __ ] works. I love how it's on like fresh air clouds, yadda yadda yadda. So that's it. He was advertising it on Instagram, we saw probably I'm sure, all over Facebook and then now we move on to the response. So here's the first link, trust Trustpilot they've got thunder shop here, 73 reviews, I'm surprised it even has a half star, it has one great rating and it has 99% bad one out of five and one person gave it a great rating. I want to read that review. It was so flow. Obviously, oh wait. The great review was scathing hold on. Let me click it. They ran a Ponzi scheme that doesn't sound great. This guy gave it four stars. He says it's a Ponzi scheme, it's a well-run Ponzi scheme. He says: I went on their site and it redirected to a store called way. Brooks a redirect is gone and I ordered an item from way. Brooks and gotta actually inquired about why they had the Thunder shop redirect to them and they said they bought it from them. Then found out the under shop ran a Ponzi scheme of sorts, so they dropped the name. I recommend rave books, though so he'll xwy Brooks. So he gave it four stars and besides that guy, it's all one stars. I wish I had read all these reviews before these guys are criminals. They collect the money and you will never hear from them again. No response to emails, you'll never get what you bought and you will never get your money back that's from eight hours ago and by the way, dude. These are what's crazy. What's crazy is that these aren't? These are people that don't know who he is obviously like. This is just straight-up people who got scammed, yeah, pranked, zero stars item was not received. Taken. Full payment did not respond to my email, no product, no refund total scam, I ordered a dog bed. Oh this got person got a dog bed they're even scamming people on dog beds, nothing for months. The help email didn't even have the right spelling and now the website is down. Yikes, that's 110%, scam, I bought from seeing an ad on Instagram see they should be so ashamed. I cannot believe they're running this crazy. That Facebook allows us. This company is a total joke. I'll ordered a dog bed huh. So apparently they have a whole dog bed scheme to try to find once I order. Two hundred dollars worth of masks for health care workers in early February. They took the money yet I never received the masks and there's no way to contact them. The website no longer exists. They need to be brought to justice. Oh that sucks. They need to be reported to the authorities I plan on contacting local news stations to find these scam artists. Oh well, I know who they are so Flo. Today's [ __ ] Instagram, that's so Flo or you shudder. I was uh. I was giving your site by physician. That cannot be true. I was given your site by a physician before the pandemic announced and I purchased. The best mass for covet 19, there's no way a physician recommended this I ordered your product yet never received the item. I thought. Perhaps it was part of the global need and just cannot fulfill my order. I finally saw the charge on a credit card statement in April, yet still not receive the product. No email went on the website and it was to see if it was in route, but the website was down. That's awesome that is so crazy. I. Just can't believe that I mean that's, so that's really low. So there's like how much are we able to say we're confident that it's him like I'm, just trying to think? Let's say: let's say: let's say it possibly it's not him! Well, let me do the math here. We know he does this stuff just from his what he said on our podcast, we have a tipster who said yo so Flo's doing that. Okay, let's set all that aside, he links to something in his profile called Thunder labs that has the same exact logo. Urban copy of this Thunder shops is the same exact logo yep. Was it thunder, sharp or thunder lab shop? There's no thunder shop, but the thing is he scrubbed, the Internet I'm sure he posted all over his Facebook pages, and now he took it down cuz. You can't do this, so so is there a possibility? It wasn't him yes, but I mean obviously the circumstantial evidence. It would be incredible if it wasn't him, it would be incredible incredible and then what's also interesting is that if you look on the Articles of Incorporation, if I go back to that, you can see thunder labs. Llc was founded only nine months ago in August of 2019, so they moved on to their new scheme here, prank if you were, and they're probably in the works of making their next one now that this one's burned. But this really is a federal crime and now of all times, whoever is responsible for this is really depraved scammer who belongs in prison. Yes, whoever's, responsible, yeah, right, -, fake selling mass. During this time, that's a you go to prison for that and then, if you go to the Better Business Bureau, you guys know the BBB. They audit businesses and give warnings and endorsements yada yada yada, so they issued an alert for thunder labs. This was opened. Oh, it was just opened this month on the 12th. Oh, so here you go. Look here: the Better Business Bureau tied it together, they say thunder labs is the business and then they link to it. Thunder shops org so the best, but the Better Business Bureau has connected the dogs right and they link it to Thunder labs at work. Yeah. Yes, that's interesting, because Co was the one that we primarily knew about, but orgas down as long as we found that ad. That said, thunder labs, org and again when I did a who is on thunder labs Co, it's completely scrubbed from the internet, but the org is still around so I think he tried to cover his tracks, but didn't do that thorough of a job and there's still little clues hidden around it says their website is Thunder shop, tour which is offline. But if you read the alert, then you'll you'll see it's exactly what we're talking about says. The Better Business requested competent and reliable scientific, substantial claims for the religion for their claims on the n95 face mask respirator. They said that in their website they claimed that it is a and ninety five face: mask respirator, certified medical grade clinically tested and need a ninety five rated safeguards, your family from deadly coronavirus, medical grade and ninety five filter mass reduces the risk of khromov iris. This is the ads we saw. It's definitely the same thing according to them lab, tested and clinically proven to prevent the risk of infection, yada, yada yada, so they're saying you made all these claims and they requested scientific substantiation for those claims. Did they get it so I'm going down toward they there's so many claims they've listing like so much it so they said: BBB, Better, Business Bureau notes that the business advertised a 70% off sale. However, the timer continuously restarts once the time expires. The business also the business, also advertises a hundred-percent money-back guarantee the Better Business Bureau challenges these claims, based on the following codes of advertising. They link to some shed they've, basically saying that's not true. As of April. Ninth to the 2020, the business has failed to respond to our requests for substantial modifications or discontinuation of these advertised claims, and then they have an alert at least on one occasion, BBB sent mail - this company an attempt to develop a report. The mail was returned by the post office. Therefore, a complete BBB report at this time is unavailable. So they're saying we, we tried to contact their their place of business and nobody was there. If you have information that will assist us, please speak with us might be able to help you send them the link to this podcast. So so again, this is more evidence that this is so flows business or at least there's. Definitely a lot piling up together to support all of it. Taken together, yeah everything yeah we're trying hard statement that that's like clear evidence, I, don't know that so flows, the guy that was running thunder shops and scamming people, but you know yeah, so can we we should check in on so play? What's yeah he been up to so, first of all. Now now that I am now that we see what he's been up to, he must have made a lot of [ __ ] minute by. If, if the report is true and he sold 18,000 of these 18 thousand times, they were expensive right, like $40 $30, let's say 30 was I, think it was 30 I'm. Eighteen thousand I mean that's five hundred forty thousand dollars yeah yeah, but he's got all these dog bed schemes apparently going on as well. It sounds like his overheads, pretty low zero. It's amazing when you have no product he's mega jacked. Look at this, but his body I mean I, don't want a body! Shame the guy cuz! Obviously it's great that he's in shape, but I never seen a body like that right either like he's jacked and that's awesome, but it just don't. Look it's something strange going on right like what is it? It's probably Photoshop. Oh you think so. Yeah Oh see I didn't even think about that yeah. That adds to looking at it. Oh it's not only as a Photoshop, it's really poor! That's why it looks so I'm, not okay, that yeah the ABS look super messed up yeah, but I think so. Look at the law in the yes coloration of its skin yeah between the ABS and the rest. Oh, no wonder you! Okay! Oh it's probably trying to add like a lot of shadow and make you know crazy-looking yeah, so bad, that's awful can also see the kind of the outline of his package, I, wonder, feel of for real what I didn't notice that he would Photoshop his package. One me so anyway, we've been looking through his Instagram and it's pretty amazing. You know I've noticed this thing about. We were watching this incredible YouTube video about these Indian scammers and this guy. This hacker, like infiltrated their whole system and he was showing his Facebook page and it was just like soul flows they're like these scammers that they present themselves as these incredible genius entrepreneurs. Alright, there's these incredible businessman: young successful, well-traveled well-dressed! You know it's really easy to make money when you're scamming people stealing stealing their money right. So here's so flow here. He is, if you didn't know anything about him. You just think like man, this guy's young and successful, he's traveled he's blimp he's an entrepreneur. Man was this guy doing he figured it out. This is my favorite one here he is with like a really nice watch on his phone doing business. There's a man doing business right here. He goes. Please read. I recently decided to reflect on my past I wanted to remember exactly how it felt in the last five years, I remembered how thankful I used to be how excited I was the first time I made 500 dollars in a month at 14 years old, then 1,000 a day at 18. Eventually, a hundred thousand, he goes in revenue, he's a not to be mistaken with profit revenue and profit is kind. The same thing when you're scanning people there's no overhead gap, yeah I, don't think you want to [ __ ] with the IRS. But who knows you know he's not in America he bounced he's in South Korea we'll get to that. Eventually, a hundred thousand dollars a day at 21 I'm, getting tylo Pez vibes from him somewhere along the way, I felt victim to fake and martyrius dick lifestyle. Bro. Look at you look. What this photo is of Instagram is all about showing content that will retain users on the app longest. The problem is that the content we want to see is not the content we need to see in order to better ourselves and become the best version of ourselves. There's no connection to this, and the paragraph above just to point that out well that I don't go to Instagram to better myself that isn't actually my goal when I open up the answer. That is nobody's goal right now. No, that's a great a good point. For that reason, I don't feel like the content. I post on Instagram has been a good personification. I. Don't think that word makes sense there you can't either that's not. What personification is has been a good personification of Who I am and aspire to be so many of us men, oh, are caught up and showing off money and cars, while many women are showing off their bodies. You don't have to. We do this, because society rewards people are having these things rather than rewarding the hard work. There's endless amounts of this content, which is more or less people posting their trophies or accomplishments. I feel like society has become all about the trophies and less about the work. I'm tired of being consumed of it, I'm proud of my business and fitness program, progress but also feel like I'm flexing my posting about it. Once you change my content and focus on showing the hustle and love for life. There are so many talented minds out there and it's a dream that they need. What they need is to be grounded by reality and authenticity. Therefore, my goal is to post content that provides value to those who follow me rather than just post content. To make me look, good posting content just to show off is selfish, who [ __ ] cares. You have a Lambo cool, you have a big butt cool, let's post content on Instagram. That brings us all closer together enough with the [ __ ] that I'm so embarrassed. He continued after that to post his regular [ __ ] by the way. So so that's when he said, let's, let's make a change right and so the next post is him in Korea, visiting Shanghai was nice, but to see the effect of coronavirus is truly sad. Oh yeah, you're, really sad by it nice business opportunity by the way too. So, let's see here he is. This is definitely photoshopped to it right his skin. He said, oh and by the way he tagged that he says ritz-carlton Tokyo, like broad, did you really have to tag there at the ritz-carlton trying to adopt the Korean style, though I took this photo in Tokyo? Sorry, if my selfie game needs work, love you guys and then hear this one. He goes looking down on all my enemies, I'm. So far up I'll never go down. I've worked so hard to make it to the sky. I think they're all stupid captions going into an elevator and capturing OCO photo, doesn't make you an achiever on Instagram. We consume endless content that isn't helpful to us. It's just a huge distraction. Everybody wants to capture our attention. The unfortunate part is that not everyone that does is giving you value so much value here on this page. So when someone posts a meaningless caption like it's just dumb he's really smart, you could tell they haven't achieved anything they're, fooling people into idolizing, someone who can take nice photos and tell a cute story now. This is when it gets really. Fun is, after all of that, these are his Instagram stories from last just one night and he's been posting, this [ __ ] all the time. This is just from one night. By the way, are we gonna get claim for this music? It didn't okay, I uploaded it sag like that link. Is it YouTube? Ok, great it didn't get claim so so sit back and joy a night and so flow on Instagram house. It's not gonna, get claimed here. I'm, just gonna mute it. You don't need to sound. Ok, Hardy so yeah here he is showing that he's in the VIP section of the club by the way, no coronavirus nobody's, even where he's going on I guess: South Korea's on top of their [ __ ], so safe, there's no place in the world party like Korea. Even more so during these times, love Korea's. So much they're sharing a bottle he's got in his bottle in his hand like a really expensive bottle of Dom Perignon, and here he's got Don Perry on Rose, a which is really rare, hard to get very expensive and gather sharing, wait. I am confused by their [ __ ], so he's up on the DJ booth sharing Dave there are masks, are down and they're sharing ha yeah. That doesn't seem good he's behind the DJ booth anyway. I can see that he's definitely taken as an advice to heart. Here's here's comments on his social page is this on the Thunder labs Facebook page or what there was a ton of comments on yes on the I order, two lights from your so-called business and haven't heard back from you. I will get everyone to report. Your account to the police, piece-of-shit scammer, you deserves to be hung in the streets Wow. Can you send me my [ __ ] that I paid you for so he's got all kinds of her I ordered the nebulize and I've not received it in six weeks. Please give me a refund yeah. Just a lot of comments like this. Well, you will you reply to my email, please, when we send me my pet bed, but they are saying thunder laughs by name so just proof that it is connected. It is evidence. It's evidence. No I know you want to hedge the bets just so you know Oh anyone to worry about him. Suing us or anything. Iii also wondered I, wonder if he comes back from South Korea. If there's gonna be a, we should invite him on the podcast and see what the FBI waiting for here's more comments, bunch of thieves, take your money and then stop replying, don't buy for this company they're scammers. Could you please tell me where in my package will arrive, bought it on the in December and they shouldn't be ignoring my emails. Facebook needs to take these people off. I totally agree order because I saw them on Facebook advertise I just heard that YouTube was putting like six and a half million dollars into fighting fake misinformation on YouTube and removing stuff like that, and you never see Facebook do anything. I have to say a lot of people complain about YouTube but I always say. If you compare YouTube to Facebook yeah, it's just I, don't even know how Facebook operates. I, don't understand it because you're not gonna, see ads for in 95 mm, run fake ads for during the pandemic, like that. That should be their main focus right, not to eliminate those things, and it ran for a long time. Apparently, you know Facebook needs to take these people off I order, because I saw them on Facebook. They ripped me off them weren't. What's, for my mind, I think this is Facebook. They need. The Facebook is liable for this [ __ ] man, you know I mean you could do this from Nigeria. You could do this from anywhere just rip off all these people yeah, but the thing is just make a nice website that looks official, here's, how I know Facebook's the most crooked back, [ __, ], [, __, ] country or country website. If so flow, has deep ties with them. He was like one of the first pages to monetize. I know: Joey salads works with them and has all these monetization opportunities. So he has deep ties with Facebook. Meanwhile running straight up, allegedly during a pandemic pranks pranks there was one really great one. He goes he tweets out. What turns you on and then he posts a screenshot me, and it says your appealed. You appealed it a decision to deactivate your ad account hello. Thanks for reaching out. We reactivated your advertising account, so they banned his account for something and then he was able to appeal it and get it reactivated and then immediately started pranking, because the day is basically lines up perfectly right. December 15, yeah I mean he got all this up and running and selling fake masks by early February Facebook is a [ __ ] joke. They are a joke, they are scourge on this planet, I swear to god, yeah. Now. That turns me on my girl. That's how you know he's such a dumb person bro. Why would you tweet out proudly that you're you were banned from the posting ads on Facebook? Also, his twitter is just hilarious in the sense like he he's verified, he has a check mark, but he only has 40,000 followers which is pretty low, but then also he tweets get zero likes yeah. That one happened only zero that one has one life, because so flow was never personality driven YouTube channel because he kept stealing content about a picture so but I feel like you know, but it's his name. So it's weird ya have 40,000 followers, though, and get zero like not even a single person. Click like. Why would you continue to tweet even like -? It makes the bags are so relatable. You know it's like being in outer space and then talking to people it's and he still links to Thunder labs. His Twitter account yeah. That's awesome. He's actually been active, as recently as April 14th on Twitter, though I think it was April. 17Th seemed to be when the took place. So it is strange that he's still posting Instagram stories, though, and then this is done completely underground, like he probably should know, he's very active on Instagram, but- and this is really weird, if you go to his YouTube channel so flow comedy, which is where he used to post his pranks and stuff it now I guess this. Is his next scheme he's working on crypto cake? This is a year ago this was when it was really hot watch this video. It's so bizarre. This is the only video on the channel. It's so bizarre. You guys remember discovering his I don't think we talked about it. Look at this. What is this? This looks like a girl who works at a dispensary, not a financial trader. Sorry for judging you, but isn't that not a girl who works at a dispensary? That's every girl who works at a dispensary, not a fad. Alright, not a fidget! Spinner years ago, the internet started printing life wow. That sounds legit. Whenever you say printing money, you have got my attention, so the creep the morning show never took off. They had one episode. I'm sure he's probably just ran this up like as a pop up all over the place, just as a portal to to scheme people in some way. That's what I'm, assuming [Music] holy [ __ ] I, just found another bang orbit wheat right here. Look at this guy! Look at it! Look at this guy dude this guy's a legend he's in a tiny shirt. What I see oh potatoes, alright I'm out I'm out? What do you got then here I, just put it right below that link. Just look at this. This image add to story to make this viral one like and then what the one reply? Well, it's a picture of him or his friend holding up a census. My ex is a [ __ ] send dick pics -, that is illegal, I, think that's horrible, yeah and I'll obviously blur that phone number wait. That's that's a horrible thing to try to make go viral. Why would you encourage people to send dick pics? That's that's you're illegal and you don't even know who you're sending it to. That is awful. You think! That's funny! That's horrible! Add this to story to make this viral. My ex is a [ __ ] send dick pics too, and then there's the number and then underneath it says what part of this dude do. You think was funny go back to stealing content because your original stuff is trash. So this was this. Tweet has been up since May 26 7, and it has one like yeah like to actually think that that's something funny to go viral he's. So that's so not it reminds me. You remember still to this day one of the funniest things that's ever been on. The show is that story he told about yeah. It was story about like yeah. It was the most humble thing that he's ever done in his life was taken ugly girl talking about it like even such a saint man that [ __ ] was crazy. I wonder if he'll come back on the show talking about that is gonna change, yeah yeah! This is authentic. This is making me grow as a person. Well, anyway, that's it. That is our h3 right. Oh wait! We have more, but that was he also like recently or one of those thunder lab accounts. Retweeted Mark, Cuban he's a one. You know how Mark Cuban says: you're, either up here: Elon Musk, all the time too he's a pig. He says: you're either an Neuer or a want lunch or I'm thinking might be so he just retweeted Mark Cuban going. When we look back in five years, we were going to realize that there were 10 to 20 amazing companies that were started that changed the world and led us to a brighter future. Ask yourself: why not me or why not us now is your time. The world is waiting suppose like yes and Mark. Cuban has been very active about the whole pandemic and how companies could help or what they should do. Whatever he's talking about it a lot, but it's so funny that so flu would even engage considering his form of business. He said he really sees himself as entrepreneur, which is pretty wild, but I mean this is the same guy who said sweet dick pics to my [ __ ] ex-girlfriend and the dude who bragged about taking an ugly girl on a helicopter flight. So the dudes a little twisted in the head clearly! Well, that's it! That's it for today, I keep not getting to these videos. I want to wear on the Skippy at Cannes and the Jimmy Lee news, but I feel bad. So, let's wrap it up. We want to say thank you to all of our beautiful fans to the Past to the crew - Ian - zap, -, Dan, -, ela -, all of you out there who said I'm gonna do one of these rants, like the girl who said I've come out here. I come out here and I've entertained. You all and I and I do my best and everybody sits here, has so much fun. We all laugh we'll have such a good time, because even outside up there cuz the aliens aren't answering us and we're destroying the planet and my dogs, don't even love me and my dogs won't eat food and I get worried because my dogs, who need food and I, try to feed them and they keep passing on the food. While my dogs eat the food and it keeps stressing out more and more, but even though all that it stresses on my shoulders, I come out here to entertain you guys and goddammit. If that's not enough, then why don't I just jump off a bridge? It cetera nobody's, smiling on the zoom, so I think it was a flop. Any comments from peanut gallery before we part ways Ian. What are you smiling I laughed about? Thank you that zach is not enough. Yeah. If oh come on mob, we're just saying you're just mean Frank, you you're a positive guys yeah, you would smile, even if it wasn't really funny. If this, if I get this from Zach, it's not it up. Hey you hear that it's not enough all right! Thank you. Guys we'll see you next week, bye, bye, [Music], [Applause], yeah, Monica, wrap it up.