- he did me that favor hey, welcome everybody to the h3 podcast. Thank you. Do privacy and Teddy fresh for sponsoring us today. Whitney Cummings is here with us, the incredible comedian actor producer. Writer am I missing, anything no philanthropist podcaster, now podcasters and I and I have here even it says, and now podcaster. Oh yeah she's the host of the brand-new good-for-you podcast, the incredible Whitney Cummings. Thank you for being here. Thank you. What's uh, what taken us so long to do that I know it's I'm really happy and we've done I, don't know why we don't have that many female guests and it really bothers me. Why is that I? Don't know? No do not do they come to you or to someone ask or how does it work? It works both ways uh-huh, but I. Just I, don't know why that is but I'm glad. That's that. Do you think all the talk about poop and I think we have a male audience, but that doesn't matter. We transcend that yeah I! Think so that's really interesting! I I, don't really know how it's an I'm just getting into this. How podcasts get found and shared you know, word of mouth and I, don't know who knows okay! Well, here we go here. We are in every way possible. Just me there's nothing! You can do we're done. How is it that you're just getting into podcasting now? What what's inspired you I have to be honest? I know, I, might not give off this vibe I think a lot of people think I'm, very confident and self-assured, but I'm actually pretty shy. Despite how I pretend I'm? Not you don't look, you don't think I'm shy, yes from you, media I, follow you on Instagram from like what I project is from. Why yeah right from the photos? It really Malone in my home when no one's around because I'm isolated? Well, sometimes you you'll post videos, and you just have that like confidence, it looks. I am really confident with no one's around okay judge me or give me feedback. I I think I am confident when I'm on stage doing stand-up, that's where I feel safest and where I can take risks and where I feel good about myself, but podcasting I. Think for some reason, because I was like well is it jokes only like I know how to be I know how to be confident when I'm telling jokes, but I can just never felt like I didn't have the self esteem and I think I'd be interesting enough to like talking to hours interest. You know so I, just I, never I was like who would want to hear me talk for two hours and then I did a bunch of other people's podcast and I was like. Oh, these people, I could do it yeah and then I learned a lot of people aren't tuning in for people to be funny all the time right. True and also you what you learn is that the bar is very low and nobody expects anything from podcasts. It's interesting. Also you don't really like to be in you. Don't need to be that interesting kind of like I, don't know how you think about what is interesting, I mean I'm. Sure you actually do have a lot of interesting things going on with, like your comedy career and the help you do with dogs. Whatever you know, people just kinda wanna hear about your day, yeah exactly so. For me, I always just thought like having me like television and stand-up you're like you have to be interesting and funny. Every word has to matter, and everything has to be a perfect joke. So I was like it takes eight months to make an hour of stand-up. It's fit to be shot for television, so I was just like two hours. A week like this is exhausting, and then you know, Joey Diaz was like they just want the wiretap. They kind of just want to hear you having conversations and being authentic and then I'm like oh wait now, I have to figure out how to be authentic. You know I, find I, think a lot of the comedian's that have podcasts, which are a lot of them now yeah. Once you get the rhythm of just kind of talking and rattling stuff off and stream-of-consciousness, you I feel like a lot of them end up like developing content or material from medium. It kind of becomes like a little think tank, like incubator, where you served are talking about something you're. Like, oh, that, actually could be a great joke and yeah I think it'll be interesting for people to now watch. You know specials and then listen to podcasts and hear how to get started kind of developing. In contrast, it is good to see that personal side of people, though, because comedians to have this kind of they have an air about them of their on the stage and they're so confident and touchable, but you there they're, not so human up there, but the podcast strips that away. Yeah I mean you know for the most part, be you know being on stage. It's a trauma response. You know it's some kind of self-protection mechanism. You know like most comedians offstage were not that funny and I. Think I didn't do a lot of podcasts that weren't comedian podcast for the longest time, because I felt like I, had to go on and be really funny and only comics kind of know. We get together more like how we get to be born together. Thank God, but then I felt like when I went on other people's podcast I had to like try and be funny and I'm like I'm, just like bombing at 10 a.m. you know so I, just like wasn't really going on podcast like could I now I kind of get it that's good. You know and you're like um, sorry and also I would say that in the TV and movie business is imploding, so I figured why not yeah I wasted so much time and energy like dealing with like the [ __ ] politics of television I was like wait, you can just make something and not get notes from a guy that went to law school. That's right! It knows nothing about comedy like I. Don't have to have some volume fixed. You old, married guys. Tell me I'm, not likeable. You will get notes in the form of YouTube comments. Oh that's right, but you don't have to or it's I mean at least it's not someone that gets to decide. No faith and I could also maybe delete them. I, don't know how to comment or you can ban, wouldn't do that out. Really and I only did that with Instagram comments. I did is to just not look and just let it be, and just forget that it's there, because if you have, if you believe the good, you have to believe the bad yeah, that's right and I, don't even believe the good yeah I really magnify negative comments. It's like it's like. We have comedian brain like if you're performing for 5,000 people and one person's not laughing. That's the only person, I'll think of I feel like I just was also thinking about podcasting and comedians I feel like it kind of starting to influence the style of stand-up and interests. Owpain I think you're right, it's true, I think you're exactly right, because I feel like there's kind of like a style that is going out of fashion like jokes and very setup and very structured. That's really really interesting and I had not thought about that till now that everyone's becoming a little more conversation and a little more vulnerable. We're now - I think I'm thick in the way yeah. If we're in a situation, if you're doing a stand-up special- and you don't admit a secret about yourself, no one gives a [ __, ] yeah. True, you know like Marin, and you know all these shows where you go on and you'd be vulnerable, and you talk about your childhood and stuff like that, and then people go see a stand-up set where you're just like Facebook, jokes, airplane, jokes, everyone's, like aren't, you gonna tell us about that time. You got molested. Your parents drop the ball. She does I think that's all. He wins. It's actually kind of the worst thing for the other people that have been molested that now they have an inferiority complex about their molestation, because Bobby's was so good. What was it he got? He got a dude with Down syndrome, put a thumb up his ass. As far as molestation stories go, he takes the cake. Let me ask you this. Yes, sir, in our previous episode, we do episodes without guests. Actually, most of our episodes are without guests yeah and we venture into you know it's dicey territory into the fields. Okay, for example, here's one and tell me what you think Zak our sound guy we've been talking about the use of bidets I'm new to be using bidet uh-huh. So you got money now, yeah, that's new money, [ __, ] yeah! Do you. I briefed people every days because himself, yes, because I got complaints from people in like Southeast Asia those hazard, I, guess yeah I mean. Are you be there? No, don't like it. Well, the people, you know, I, Metamucil or I, don't go and try I just go and [ __ ] [, __ ] wipe move on call. Today, it's not a mess. You must have bling I really do I'm. Actually, what's in here here is something called athletic. This is duty. This is my [ __ ] I can honey badger I, never know what I'm enough to step out so and it helps with all of that. But I'm I'm, really yeah I, don't really mean and I do a lot of veg and things things move pretty. Well, we do so and vegetarian. Last week you went where we're vegetarian. Oh cool good for you, yeah awesome, my poops have been pretty good. I'm, not gonna lie how many times a day. Oh no! It's not that serious once or twice you're supposed to shoot three times a day, I believe I, don't I feel like I have been since we're like. Officially vegetarian yeah think I'm still pooping once a day. Yeah twice. Maybe have you ever taken a lo pills, I'm about to blow your mind and your [ __ ], colon yeah, aloe pills, it's if you ever get constipated. This is the best thing in the world to take like if I'm flying a lot and I'm dehydrated or I'm just eating trash on the road. You know because this is like Brad on the road like Airport, but it's just like so many chemicals and [ __ ]. It stops you up dehydrated, taking a low pill. You will [ __ ], it's just a [ __ ] pill. It's a [ __ ] pill. Basically, but you will [ __ ] like liquid, even when you think you're done it just starts clean. Well, we carry around like they say about five pounds of [ __ ] at all times, that's kind of just like congealed to our, which is a lot of the reason we don't absorb all the nutrients. We need right when we're tired a lot, so it just will blow out your you're just giving yourself an enema I. Do it like twice a year, Oh cuz I'm like not in great shape, I'm gonna, know better after unbelievable I believe, yes well, 10 pounds lighter emotionally and physically Wow I've, never done that. I've never cleared my bowels to such an enormous degree. It's just it's just helpful to know how much [ __ ] you're carrying around oh I'm, like this [ __ ] just keeps coming out wild, but since I haven't eaten meat and the amount of plant-based stuff I eat, I feel like I'm in pretty good shape. Well, what I was gonna say is that my zach and back I mean a debate about the bidet. He says that he squirts that the [ __ ] and then he's not inside not like a it's, not a colonic. You mean just you know how bidets were yeah: it's like a power wash on your okay, [ __ ], yes, yeah a pressure wash yeah, and so he takes soap and then he soaps out his [ __ ] mm-hmm, and then he leaves the soap in the bowl and the bidet bowl and I thought that was the craziest thing. I ever heard, you see you can't flush up a day. No! No! It's like a sink I have before, like put my butt in the tub and wash my butt. Was it that bad I? Just don't I, don't see the time like I ride. Horses like I, do soul cycle like stuff like that, if there's a time where I feel like I've gotten a little swampy and I just need yeah, it's not like I have [ __ ] everywhere. It's just more, like I, just feel like I'm, a little gnarly yeah, because a shouter, a shouter and then I've got a thing in my bathtub. That's like you know a sprayer wash thing and I'm just gonna, antibacterial soap and I'll. Just go: I don't have time for a shower, but I do feel like this crevice in particular. I see I feel like that's different, I respect that I feel like that's different. No, because you just have a swampy ass, like when you're. When you do a wipe, you do a bidet you're ready to go about your day and then you soap, your [ __ ] you're, touching your [ __ ] and you leaving the soap in the bowl that disturbed but I. Don't understand why you'd leave in the bowl. Why? Wouldn't you just flush? It you? It's not a [ __ ]! It's like a sink that you sit on okay and then, where does that water go? It just goes down the drink, so you [, __, ] uh-huh, like your ass I, don't you go over to the bidet like a sink yeah, yep yeah, and so he leaves, but you know, but throwing this over to you Zach. We had a lot of people who were trashing me for my my response to Zach's story, but it just seems to me that you've already, why touch your [ __ ]? Now right, but there's soap on your hands, protecting your hand from your ass. Thank you, you're welcome. Why do you need your [ __ ], so clean? No, it's because I do think that how bad [, __, ] smell I think sometimes you're like how are my nor in pants all that's protecting everyone from this. You know what I mean it's like psychological. You know back in the day before they had underwear, they used to actually get like diseases from farts really like. If you don't cover a fart, then the [ __ ] particles are airborne. Yeah, of course, which is pretty, which is pretty cool. Yes, what's your ideal [ __ ] process then well, this one is have just moved and we can't use baby wipes. I was a baby, wipe I'm, Paula cuz. You can't flush the baby wipes, no good. No good we can put the trash can yeah. You want to die on them. So that's my team I got scared of [ __ ] I, do not like I mean I first I wipe with toilet paper like the really gross part yeah. You you go for the hazmat toilet paper and you flushed that back then I. Do. Why see? Here's where me and you are kind of in a different realm of existence, because my first wipes are are like Chernobyl. The back 5 to 10 are still like whoa whoa. What was the name of the Japanese a reactor, the Calcasieu yeah, my the back five or fukuko okay? This is now. This is starting to make sense to me. Why are your [ __ ], so [ __, ] leaders as I'm foolish I'm I, know I, don't do that as I'm European Jew? What do you eat I? Think if you're well I like some salsa and like Mexican I, don't when I wipe my [ __ ] that there's hardly anything on it? What a missile? No because since I've taken made a missile I'm like that, some people have clean sheets. She just [, __ ]! Your sheets are not clean, doesn't see my people, don't I, don't know what to say: I'm a big gnarly guy I like to eat vegetables I like him yeah. Well, you do eat salads, actually hate salads I like fruit, hmm me and I, but I used to eat a lot of me taking digestive enzymes. Is that like uh? Do you mean like flamin, hot cheetos, just like help digest the food a little bit, I? Think if your shits weren't so viscous, maybe the wiping wouldn't be such a song? Yeah. You like this guy, like the word yeah, we don't like this now. Yeah I think we need to get your shit's more solid, I went vegetarian, but I think the bidet is great. It really is yeah. How do you dry it with a towel, but the shit's gone though you wiped your ass with a towel. That's hanging, not my ass. Sorry! This is what I meant at all, not my [ __ ], just my thighs cuz. They get wet from the bidet and I just wiped off my thighs. So how do you try your [ __ ]? It's a little done. It sounds like that's what breeds bacteria you don't want to keep your [ __ ], damn well nobody's eating out my [ __ ]. You know, that's probably why well I'll take know, but if somebody everybody wants nobody's eating out ass, [, __ ] anyway, I don't care, there's nothing good about know what okay you wash your ass in a bidet I ask you pocket and it looks like them to and left and right yeah, and then you only dry your thighs off, because it's not that's where the majority of the water is. So it's a little it's a little wet. But so then you just put boxers over your wet butthole, yes and then your shorts and then does your [ __ ] get cold like not cool. What, if they're wise, how old, so you just feel comfortable being cold before sometimes everything off. So how do you warm your [, __, ] I, don't know yours is wet all the time. It's just one. Tear also I have insulation still a lot. How long does it take for it to dry like a couple minutes? It's not a big bill, uh-huh. Why? Wouldn't you just dry it with a towel? Cuz I! Don't wanna put towel, then hang it next to me. Why wouldn't you just? What about washcloths, since you only [ __ ] one way today, just yes dry it, because what gets rid of the smell is getting rid of the bacteria. Did a doctor, so I did learn this [ __ ] I have made one good decision in my life and it's full. That's the dead skin cells that make it stink. You want me to scrub. My ass I want you to scrub your [ __ ] with a washcloth and then put it in the no I. It's funny. My [ __ ], fine I'm. Bringing this up talk about. We spent 50% of the show talking about my [ __ ], ok, so I'm walking into a hornet's nest here know what you do with the tower wait just put in dirty clothes: I'm, not I, hate, shits drinks. I decant I thirst like just watched it yeah, but what is a little bit. Someone else is gonna have to touch that. Okay, don't you pay them? Yeah I think she stopped wearing gloves what [ __ ] I mean. This is, did you guys not grow up with dogs or something I did really I? Didn't I, don't like [ __, ] I, don't get queasy around that stuff at all, I! Don't know why I pick up dogs with my hands like I, don't know what you just say: throw it over the fence. No I don't have any neighbors on my okay, that's good around me! So I just died. You crazy, if you just Wow I, never heard of anyone pick a way to lifts when um when we run out of bags. But if it's to me a lot you have to do it with I'll. Take a leaf leaf. You out of ground and I'll just do like yeah, but I've been I come pretty close to touching it. But if you touch my finger, I'm [, __ ], like a ruin my day, why do you think cuz? It's [ __ ] yeah! It gets a bad rap, rapid, [, __ ], it's just [ __ ] I once stepped in [ __ ] in Bay I had a I, don't know if it's a manic break or a nervous breakdown and I'm, not really sure what the difference is, but the crazy if craziest, I've ever gone, was in Las. Vegas I had done like 58 cities. This was maybe like 10 years ago and I was at a casino called the god. It's it's not Treasure Island, it's a super [ __, ] I'll, think of the name of it. They have penny slots, they're known for their penny slots like it's like [, __, ], zombie, land, mm-hmm and I. It was July, 4th and I went into the bathroom. That was right because in Vegas you could be inside for days and not go outside and realize you're not getting any sunlight or serotonin, or human interaction and I went down to the pool to try to like oh, like I'm gonna go outside I'm gonna get some fresh air walk back into the bathroom and I. You know when you smell there's a certain kind of puke [, __, ] smell. It makes you yeah like like an automatic gag and I. Just was like good, like out of nowhere and I. Didn't know what was happening and I was to go someone puked all right, someone, puked and um, and then I looked down and I had stepped in human [, __ ] and didn't miss a beat picked up. My shoe like just started like washing it in the sink and I was washing, dig it out of the crevices, so I'm, just washing this [ __ ] out and you grab hysterically I'm crying and I cried for four days. I couldn't stop crying cause. It cuz! You touch like I'm, gonna start crying right now. Something just happened where, like I just had I'm touring for some Vegas I had been in Vegas, you had a [ __ ] break I just said place is so wrong. It really is good. It really upsets me yeah. It I take on like the sadness and disappointment of everyone. Yes there when I go, that's all I see and the drunken it like. Seeing people drunk during the day with those big tall thing, the whole thing makes me and they, like all the way from Europe and say I, have to say that for this you have to be a real degenerate to like actually I like Vegas. Have you done that that flight out that Friday at like 4 o'clock, if you fly to Vegas its people on the plane, like groups of girls, bachelor parties, they're like yelling, yeah, they're slapping the asses of the flight attendants, it's horrible yeah Vegas is an honest-to-god hellscape yeah Vegas, the only time I've truly ever been a family where, where was it, woman go or something appropriate? Oh wait, Southpoint casino, I, just remembered at Southpoint, oh she's out it's ten miles off. You can say this. You can say you might say that the south point of view stepped on. What's a stretch, how do you, how do how does someone [ __ ] their pants? Do you have to always check it out? I had the flu and I was playing poker and I was I, was having a good run, so I pushed it to the limit and I was like I gotta cash out and walking back to the hotel room, I farted, but it was a shark and what happened was it started running down my leg? You know right away, it's a shark. Yes, yes, just warm and wet, and you know that ain't right, but it started running down my leg and I'm walking in the hallway public in the public area. That's a dark moment with you're wiping this [ __ ] off I didn't even bother I. Just like you, ain't cool go, or did you used to go a lot to Vegas yeah? My parents lived there. My grandparents Wow uncle live there. It's jump. You could have told us that after we start trashing it did you love gambling, or do you animal I, just I used to play a lot of Poker, so that was fun but I, don't like it yeah I, don't like anything there anymore, yeah Vegas! It's it's hard! It's also hard because there are so many people that go to have their big night out of their year yeah, so many people go there and it's like I mean sometimes I do shows there and there's women in like sequined, gowns and I'm like this is like there's so much pressure, because this is like the one of the biggest weekend's of your year and I. Just cannot get out of here fast enough. Mmm I just also makes me nuts how [ __ ] expensive. It is everything everything yeah and then well. The most obvious is all the people gambling and how sad it is yeah smoking inside that's so like barbaric. You have some major PTSD from childhood, [ __ ] like when you see someone smoking inside and you smell it you're just like it's crazy that that used to be normal, I remember going on I hop with my family and they would say smoking or non-smoking. Wilde's smoking, as if theirs are at a restaurant I mean with kids yeah. You know I waited my dad would always smoke inside the house and, like the we will all be in the living room, uh-huh and he's just like. Well, if you have a problem, then don't sit here and it's like well. This is the living room. You said that yeah Wow, so yeah we were all sitting in my friends that smoke and I'm kind of just like. Did you not hear it's actually I mean it's also. It $15 now I think like a backer. It's like $15, oh yeah, so you're, rich you're, just rich at this dude when I was in college, a pack of smokes cost five bucks and that was expensive. I, remember and you've seen the warning. Yes, yeah. Of course the warning labels. Now you will [ __ ], you are gonna die. You will see. This is gonna die. Why I'm like sign me up, but I hate, there's something about the way, we're hardwired to sort of be attracted to someone who's. I know how, when I see guys smoking really they hate that it's like it's kind of hot I hate. It hmm I hate human nature, because we're I mean it's. Actually. You understand that yeah. What about what? Because we're done alpha males who break the rules? No, but but you used to be it used to be like a musician with smoke and video. It's like a guy seeing boobs, no boobs guy cigarette. It's just breaking the law, breaking a rule Eli. Why do you you were smoking when we met yeah? But what not like? No! But what about? Okay? Tell me I just said: I, don't know like you, you it's it's a local thing. It's a look, isn't it like, and if your dad smoked it, the smell could have been I. Guess, comforting, um, I, smoked, I thought, I looked cool like is it let's an 18 year old segue because now you're talking about and she wants to [ __ ], every guy that smoke. So here, Thank You, Anne I, don't fight, we don't wait, don't you really know? Do you? What's the biggest fight you've had in less over like what food now we're gonna, orderly, always fight about the other nice? You really annoy me. She goes. He goes I know you heard this. This is like second row, but it's so true with her she's. She goes we're gonna have to order food tonight, so just Tom. Now that you're vegetarian just tell me anything, you want we'll order, it I go okay, I want pizza or Mexican food, and then I could tell she hates those option and then and then I'm like okay. What do you want, and it's always Italian and I'm like? Why? Don't you just say that from the beginning, I know it's like the same joke? Everyone says, but it's so true, you look yeah just say of Queens episode, yeah I know it's that yeah. You can also schedule it ahead of time. That helps me sometimes so. Just pre-scheduled like on Sundays I'll schedule what I'm gonna have each night just to like be in decision fatigue like because, when you're down to the wire and you're hungry you're not gonna, make it that's my problem. Yeah me too I guess when I agree, I'm like immediately in starvation mode, because there's not is there's nothing extra in my side, yeah, so I go from like zero to 1000 and over like 10 minutes and I'm hungry right now, yes, and then I get in panic that we don't even know yet and then there's delivery time and so I'm not even gonna eat for another hour anymore and then I need to start looking and I just can't handle that whole process. Me too I kinda get very overwhelmed yeah, and so that's what happens and then I just go to the first thing that I know I like and that's Italian so I just you know made it died, but yeah they like what I packed yeah. You know what happened today, maybe stop baking Mexican food or pizza. What else is there I don't know he'd say is Italian? How dare you yeah? It's Italian. You know what I did right now. When we came to the office we got breakfast burritos and he'll. Only ate half of hers and I stayed in the car to eat hers. She got out. She put it in the bag ready and then she got out with the dogs and I stayed back in the car, so I could eat hers in a shameful way. Yes, all of it. It was just more like it wise. If you stayed in the college. Well, eating more is the number one most shaming, [ __ ]. It wasn't more like oh I'm, not ashamed, she's ashamed. Do you want to know the darkest thing I've ever seen? One time I saw a woman in a parking lot eating an entire birthday cake in her car. Maybe it was her birthday. I still think about that woman. If you're watching or listening DME, she's- probably dead for sure oh yeah. Oh, she joked on her own birthday, cake, vomit, she's, probably big kind of I used to have really weird eating. [ __ ], like really weird so like when I you eating disorder. Ep, you can see eating disorder. You know and I saw those guy. I know what that is. I just like eating my car secretly [ __ ], like that. It really haunted me what kind of stuff would you eat? Louis I used to when I was a teenager. I had really intense eating disorder stuff, but it was really more about control than about being thin, like I would only eat like a couple things for like four months. You know really yeah like dried mangoes and certain kind of smoothie and a certain kind of yogurt, with like rice cake, like I just had certain foods that I could only eat and I eat them for, like breakfast, lunch and dinner. I didn't realize until way later in my life, as in like a couple years ago, that my mom was for sure anorexic he's, like our refrigerator just didn't, have a lot of stuff in it and I remember going to a friend's house and seeing all this stuff in a frigerator like. What's all this [ __ ], oh, like you, guys, are hoarders like no. This is what a moderator supposed to look like. We had like wine and like Perrier and like artichokes like that's all. We ever had in our fridge and I thought that was totally normal, but I was also like really bin G. As a kid like I would eat like a box of cereal I couldn't just have one. No I was just very like a very emotional eater, and then the pendulum swung the other way and then I was very controlling about what I ate and I went through a period where I wouldn't I was terrified of fat like I, wouldn't any fat to the point to where it's like. If I ordered something in a restaurant- and there was oil on it, I would like pad it with a napkin to try to get the oil off like I was just like. You know, delusional about sort of how you stay skinny and whatever and then I once I got to my girl. It wasn't related to being skinny - I think that by the time I was a teenager, it started being about being skinny and because I think I was getting attention because people started worrying about me and I was like. Oh, this is a way to get attention. I. Think you'd, like just like worrying about you, I think on some level. I would take any kind of attention at that much. You know when people are like. Are you? Okay? What's wrong and I was like okay, this is kind of working and then I started doing some fit modeling, which is when you kind of just stand there and they sew clothes on you kind of thing. So then I started like working those okay, so I need to stay skinny and then I got into modeling and started being told. I wasn't skinny enough. It's crazy! You weren't skinny enough when I was so skinny, so then I sort of [ __ ], though that escalated, yeah I, had a designer. Tell me my ribs were too big. You can see. My ribs are hiding shrink, I was 15 crazy and then, when I first got to LA I was very Benji like I would eat a ton of food and then I would go to the gym for like three hours. You know and I think that was a big part of isolating, because I was really um, shy and weird, and it made me like be able to not socialize I. Think I was very close to being having some kind of a disorder - when I was a teenager, yeah but I, somehow I guess didn't go there all the way. Mm-Hmm I think that and I try to talk about this. A lot like the word eating disorder, I think people are like huh I, don't want to have had one or I hate that I always just also say like disordered eating like I, had disordered eating in this area. You know just so. It doesn't feel like it's like a big heavy diagnosis. Yeah like it. The way I used to look at myself like I I was never fat. I was pretty much like this and I used to think that, like if I was a little like if I ate something- and you could kind of see a little bit of stomach I would feel fat yeah so like. If I was going to find you that in the evening we're going out, then I would like not eat all day. Yes, I, don't want to look fat in the evening. I did that in college I would drink like diet coke all day, so that I could like have pizza at night. I would try to like smile. My butt would you eat when you went out very little, do you think you had disordered eating I mean I. Do because then looking back now, I, obviously I probably looked totally fine. You know, I mean totally fine. You were super, I mean yours right, so I always get oh yeah, hey guys, I'm, so sorry to interrupt. We gotta go to break hey guys so sorry to interrupt. This is a bummer. You don't want a break time, though, for it it is actually we just usually the story on that is Bobby. Lee was here and his mother passed away recently. I saw that that we, so we like to okay, let's go to the store to a quick break and we shall be right back with the incredible and no longer disordered eater Whitney Cummings. Thank you. It's easy! Thank you to privacy, comm, / h3, for sponsoring this episode of the h3 podcast. Let me talk about privacy. These guys basically lets you use virtual credit cards online that are directly connected to your bank account so that you don't have to put your personal information in when you buy stuff online, whether it's Amazon, Alibaba or hentai, Express net I, don't know if that's a real URL, not promoting them. You can protect your information. For example, our credit cards keep getting stolen because we're buying furry suits from China and then let's try to spend our money doing all kinds of crap, but with privacy calm. You create your very own virtual card and guess what they can't steal from you anymore, because it's got a limit. It works on every credit card field, except they can't steal it. You could set an expiration date. You could spread it send a spending limit if you want to put it on like Hulu or Netflix, so they can't nickel and dime you and keep that reoccurring payment. Getting you good privacy. Calm has got you covered privacy calm. Currently, on there free personal plan, you can create up to 12 cards a month, secure merchant locked in single-use cards, and now privacy has just launched, launched two paid versions: pro and teams for pro you get $10 it cost $10 a month. You get access to everything, that's included in the free plan, plus 1% cash back on all purchases, 36 cards a month and more security and privacy features. Then you got teams for those with a small business or in charge of a team $25 a month access to everything, that's included in pro version, plus you get a dedicated Account Manager access to 60 cards a month and transaction limits tailored to your business needs. Now here's what it gets real juicy guys enter head to privacy, dot-com, /, h3, sign up for an account and as a special treat new customers will automatically get five dollars for free that I stutter. Five dollars for free on your first virtual card for our fans that go to privacy, dot-com, / HD on your first purchase for a limited time, only that's literally just free five dollars, so privacy, Cobb, /h Lee, sign up right now to clear that gift and protect yourself got age. Thank you to teddy fresh calm, the hippest and coolest place to buy clothing in the world. In fact, with this holiday season, coming up, I can't think of a better gift to give your loved ones, your friends, your family and even people you don't like because then they like you, for example, we just came out with some new stuff, this golden necklace, so blinged out sold in one day, and let me tell you about this teddy fresh shirt. That's a teddy bear on a Tesla in space and image -, my favorite Elon Musk of Tesla, Fame and so much more. This is a limited-edition, beautiful, high-back t-shirt. That's available right now, just in time for the holiday season, but we got that and so much more and stuff is selling quickly guys it's the huh I mean people are scooping. This up. You get on this, this shirts sold out, but we got so much stuff. We got our of wah. We've got the bags. Let me go two bestsellers like I believe. What's over here, oh the color-block hoodie and all these crazy sides, its natural Barbie you've got beanies in a trillion different colors. You know you love them. Color black hoodie come on tie-dye. It's all happening, the zip up Hoodie over at Teddy fries, oh just too good Teddy Fresno Girl, get over there quick the coolest place to buy clothes online. We are bad [Music], let's break the mic, so we are back. Thank you, everybody for coming back how many show of hands how many people skip the head. I like my door. I know I, try to make them I like it, because I think think I'm just kidding good podcasters I, also just kind of like people I, don't there's something soothing about it. It's like you could take a little break. I get to watch someone whose personality I like I like to see how good at reading people are yeah I'm, not that good at reading. Well, it takes time you're only on Episode, two I know, but I read my own audiobook like I, know I'm good. Just when I've been reading, when I feel like I'm under pressure, I start to psych myself out and I'm a little dyslexic like I can invert words, sometimes so then I'm kind of and then you'll watch a full spiral and some of my outrage, because then, if I [, __ ] one thing up, then I'm beating myself up and what you're so dumb you're stupid you not everything. That's why I like doing it like this mm-hmm, so we I can retake yeah, really bad. Oh hi pressure off I did one for whatever I can remember that brand. But my producer, all of us, had a heart attack because I had to do like 13, because I just like this is just between me and myself. Everyone we're leaving I was like I gotta. Get this right. Yeah that happens to me. I think. Did you get better at it? I didn't find to her Ethan. Does it so he should realize once you've done a copy read like 20 times yeah. You go, you know it yeah. Let me tell you about I had B I think we have beat YouTube proved that one time they made us do like something that violated YouTube's Terms of Service and that episode got polled yeah. We had beef with them. What do you think it was they had? They wanted us to like show a visual write to me on the bed, and then YouTube said that was a it's like a commercial commercial cuz you're not supposed to put commercial in cuz. They do that. You can only endorse a product, but they only do that if you ask them to write or if you who serves ads, so they don't want you competing with them. Oh wow, some weird thing about you can see you can it. You can endorse products got it. So you can read an ad. We can't show yourself on the product which would be it was like with the voice-over and everything they said. They thought it was so much like an ad we've got beef with Casper. So do you sup because don't buy Casper I, don't know I you're watching your show. I mean if they want a promo code: Whitney, not okay. Let's, let's talk about something. If you are in a relationship, let's say: let me tell you what happened latter knee. We need to be hypothetical. Dan. A producer gets an email, a fan, mail, she's talking about an issue we talked about and then at the end she says, PS. We have this segment called The Bachelor with a h3 mm-hmm and it's like a dating game. Mm-Hmm Ian, for example, was the first season of The Bachelor intern and it ended in disaster. Yeah. That's neither here nor there for this purpose of this conversation. So she says to Dan. If you guys do season two of The Bachelor I want to be a candidate because I think you're, really hot and so then I go dan. Did you click the link? She put a link to her Instagram yeah and then has Jenna's a girlfriend so I go then you click the link right yeah and he goes I. Didn't click the link I'm go. You definitely click the link to look mhm and, and then I got the email to she emailed. Both of us I said, I looked I, clicked the link and look yeah and then either goes and then ela starts saying you're. You can't look if you're in a relationship, because you said you don't believe then, and it started by me, saying I believe then, because he has a girlfriend, so he probably, but we don't look, but it doesn't matter. And then all these guys started saying: I, wouldn't look and I'm sitting here like everybody like everybody, would click that link just out of curiosity. It was in an email yeah. It was a email of with a inquiry, a comment on a show uh-huh and she did a PS I, think you're hot and here's my Instagram link uh-huh and you clicked it of course I clicked. How long were you on the page? Not long? How long I mean like a minute tops just again: I want to scroll yeah, not more than a minute. Here's. What I'll say: I have spent no more than 40 minutes with you and I I'm, stunned by how in love with you, he is so I know. Weird me out so I think it's healthy too. Yes, you know what I mean I I, just think that, like there's always I mean you walk down the street, there's people everywhere, I think there's something to be said for, like I, keep choosing you every day, regardless of all these temptations, what a huge compliment! I, don't have much sensation and it wasn't even written to me yeah and by the way, I. Have all my DMS closed. Like a hypothetical like what would you say, she's? Okay, if you got that email, would you look and I said? Yeah I would look at it mm-hmm and by the way. So just so you know you are on the right side of history, because the comments were all ride or dying me, and they said these guys threw me under the bus dan is lying. Well, I, don't believe any of them I, don't believe any of them. Here's what I, when someone says something somewhat untoward I'm, always on their side immediately, because I know their time. The truth, at least you can engage with the truth. You can't engage with these [ __ ]. So to me the fact that you looked if that's a point against you, the fact that you admitted you did now you're, even you know what it means. So what I like to do what I like about it is moving forward. If you did do anything, sketchy I do feel like you'd, be honest about it, you don't even you don't need to sleep at night, wondering I, don't know I would I don't and by the way my dams are closed, we're very confident like yeah in each other and every night I'm, not a kid. You got me but I. It just became like this. You got hypothetical. That I was that we didn't agree on, but I don't even look at emails, so I don't really know I. Don't thing feels odd to me finished an email like. So if someone, if I say, let's say on my show that someone sent an email saying, hey, here's, a dude for your assistant or something what I have looked at know if it was Derrick that you, if they got really, let's start there, oh I, do it constantly I go through my DMS I? Look at every day: yeah, oh yeah! Oh you do oh yeah, yeah! Well page. She looks at dick bags. Oh yeah, but I'm not I could but I also want to write jokes about it. I mean I'll have a battery on if the guy, if the guy I'm with, was looking at a photo of a girl, the IMing him, but at first of all, it's not just a random guy. This is different. I'm, a mega famous Marilyn, sir I am a mega famous, podcast median correct and all around whether this man who wants a John Legend recently, once sexiest man, people were upset about that. I'll tell you what I saw the comments everyone 100% agreed with Ethan. Thank you and I had time to think about it. You're not making I am NOT. Does that seem race I'm, not I'm, not like a religion person that will not take back with this automatic I am like a scientist that is willing to learn and change their mind. Okay, so I am willing to say it both ways. Do you want to look at that, but now I'm on your side, because what I think [ __ ] you? No no but I, don't think there's such a thing as a right or wrong and emotional I, think, emotion or emotional, seeing me and being push it in and what a [ __ ]? How dare you not be flattered that this Queen gives a [ __ ]? Okay, click, the link, okay, I'm, glad I am glad by God, you know, but so when you, but so how many do you get a lot like what percentage of your DM predictor I get a wild amount of dick pics I I'm, just shy its I've, never seen any things that ever work or what such a strange thing I don't never send a dick pic of my life. I've never received one yeah in this position, a dick. So is there any I love getting dick pics, because I love home decor and I love, seeing what's in the background? Basically, because my dream would be the people just sent me photos of their bedroom, because I love seeing people's choice, especially guys cuz, especially guys bathrooms I love, guys bathrooms, because you'd see products you haven't seen in years, Irish Spring, it's like Where's Waldo of like where's, the sliver of Irish spring, because every guy has some weird [, __ ] bar soap, I, just love looking at guys, [ __ ]. So it is. It really is a walk down memory lane I love dick pics. The new genre of dick pic I've been getting lately is a guy sitting on the toilet holding his dick come on I think gratifying. That I mean I, don't know if they're [, __ ], yes, there is like I feel even winning, but at what position is it like? Is it it's probably from their fate their eyes right? There I level it's from here down and I? Really, so you see the toilet. Oh yeah yeah, you see the toilet, and then we see their pants around their ankles and I. Think but there's a big psychology in depth of field with dick pics, where you try to put objects next to it. To give it like a something to compare it to so I think it's guys beat they're trying to make their feet further away. So they're doing looks bigger. Do you know I mean someone was trying to explain. I, think it was Swardson was trying to clean ever sent a dick fit, so they never show their face. I don't get a lot of fit! No, because you can't really get your dick in your face in the same photo kind of smelly, channel, I'm gonna. Do that! That's nice challenge for you, I'm gonna! Send you a dick pic with my face in it. I want to find you some good ones, because I actually have some good I do get a lot of dick pics a lot of times guys like tight hold their dicks in the dick pic I got one of a guy jerking off in a dressing room, and what is it? What are they going? You know who loved this Whitney would love. This I think it's kind of I I, don't know if it's like a power move or if it's like to try to upset me because I don't think it's a come. Get this dick I think it's like she on the toilet, here's, my dick! How do you think it's done out of almost anger residing so I think cuz if you're on a toy that you're not trying to turn anyone off yeah, it's a weird opener. Otherwise, it's a weird way to ingratiate yourself. Just I thought it was an opener or yeah I, don't know, I, don't understand the psychology of the dick pic. The only way that I can understand is if you're, in a relationship and you're trying to turn her on, but my dick never turned anyone. This is my favorite one of all time. Wait don't show it. Nobody show it I'm, just showing you know it's a guy taking a picture of himself in the mirror and but then there's a girl behind him. There's no I know my girl, hiding it's a photo of a guy naked there's, a girl behind him holding her dick, and he said that to me: no, what did you respond? No I just screengrab it in to show that one's trying to be provocative, I think so too I don't know. I still don't know the psychology of the dick, because I don't I've, never seen a dick without seeing the head or the personality attached to me, like I got a kid that dare kick me. That's what guys don't understand you know what's funny. I think only guys want dick like that, because you have to like you have to want dick to send a dick pic. Sex you have to me is not good. Oh, the dick is not a hundred percent of what sex is. I mean it's mostly emotional. That's what I think that's most yeah most women with a guy but like I, think guys are the ones that are obsessed with dick and to send a dick pic. It's almost the gayest thing in the world yeah, that's saying my dick is so awesome. I love, [, __, ] yeah, oh you're, gonna love this [ __ ] like yeah, [, __, ], huh, no say if you send a dick pic, you might be gay, but I guess it was a guy. If you have a great dick mm-hmm and no one knows about that's probably hard to go through life right, I. Think because you know there's guys who are just like you're all just hanging out and all sudden he's talking about his dick. It's like oh I, get it. You have nothing else going on in your life, but there's some guys like that. If you have a big dick you just you need right. It's like you got this but I! Guess it's like a girl with you know: big! Yes, but it is. She gets to show it and yeah I'll show it I. Definitely like my girlfriend's and I definitely show each other, our boobs and stuff. You guys know but like on display, you walk around with the cleavage up, not you I'm, saying girls with nice Julie. If you wanted a lot of girls. Have that? Oh, yes, that's right! You can show it off even if you're not fully showing it off yeah, but guys can't we were talking. You can't show ball cleavage, no dick cleavage, you can I. Don't do you guys, though, if you have a big dick, you can't show your friends. You can't show anyone. It's like. Only the people that sex with can see it. So there must be an urge, disability and I. Tell someone about my [ __ ] awesome day yeah. Then they send it to you. Is it weird when your guy friends talk to you about it, I, don't like I. Don't like that conversation? Do you do lots of like guys nights like guys? Hang no I! Don't have friends, I'm, really I'm married with a kid yeah, but do you have like mutual friends? You know we have a mutual okay, we're. Actually our closest friends are the ones with kids. Now, ah that happens, but I don't like I, don't I've never been much of a guy talk. Iii was always maybe a comfortable and guys come and start talking about their sex life or their [, __, ] or whatever I just I. Don't respond well to that yeah I! Think it's because my dad is a creep and I've always rebelled against creepy men, because it's always something that revolted me that I didn't disliked about my own father, yeah, that's very self-aware! Thank you, but I do also think that I would imagine a lot of that. Talk is stemmed from insecurity anyway, so sometimes I try to have compassion like when my dad runs like definitely do that. I kind of him, like I, want to call you a creep, but also I know that the origin of this is insecurities. They just want a field and I probably need to just give you a hug. It definitely take me so long to realize that most of the things that I don't like about people comes from them not liking themselves. Yeah, you know. So it's look at this vicious cycle. Yeah! That's very true! You seem like you work on yourself yeah. You know, I go through phases of of hating hating myself and loving myself to speed. Why would you do either you don't hate myself or load myself? It's it's a patent! That's a longer conversation but I I've worked really hard to not think like that and not see myself. The way I thought my parents saw me based on the amount of tension, I got or whatever I can be now. I can be disappointed in myself, but I. Try to not just have my default, be I, hate myself, you know, I, remember ron, funches actually, don't know if you guys know. Ron really funny like his last comic yeah, he's really funny, and he said something to me that kind of changed. My life in my Instagram captions I'm, usually self-deprecating, because you know I have my self-esteem just hanging by a thread and and I would I said something about I had to get Invisalign because I have this one [ __, ] up tooth and I had braces, but I couldn't afford to keep them on so they came off early. It was this whole thing and I had some picture. I, upload and I said Oh at this angle. You can see my [ __ ] up tooth or something, and he was like you know- a lot of women that I know that follow you say that when you self deprecated it makes them feel bad because their language she doesn't like herself, then why, like no I, have no permission to like you know. It was just kind of this thing that I just sort of realize that, like projecting that, if I, don't like myself or if I'm enough self-esteem issues, I'm gonna try to just like keep it to myself, because I might be setting a bad example or something so I started got a lot of responsibility. It was it's a lot of pressure. That's really agree with that. Yeah I mean on Instagram, where everybody's photoshopping yakked themselves look way better. Yeah I think people are refresh yeah I'm gonna. Disagree with that wrongfully he's very I. Just think for me like, like, when I personally find it like. When I see someone who's like posting this, like all positive, vibe, yeah, post I, don't believe it yeah. Neither do I I feel, like I, just feel like being honest, but I think to just try to self-deprecating without kind of much no yeah rying to grow or fix it or put in perspective I'm trying to break that habit. Oh I hate myself, I'm such a disaster. It's like I having a disaster and I've made a lot of progress, so sometimes I just need to like yeah update my software in terms of my perceived myself, because it is like a crutch for me to lean on to like go to that. You know that makes sense. You know my problem, I have is not accepting compliments and that's really annoying, because when you're trying to give someone a compliment- and they just won't accept it, it's like just take the [ __ ] compliment. I have to argue with you complimented right now, I, take it back I, don't even now that you've retired we all human I know saerom once tried to give me a compliment. I was like no I'm, the engine goes, you know and if I can't just act like I'm the kind of person who can right now this evening, yes, is really hard for me. Really, yes, even gifts, it's really hard for me. If someone gives me a gift to like open it in front of them, because I feel pressure to like receive in a way. That's gonna move, yeah, I'm, happy yeah, I, usually don't like. If ii really cuz, they usually suck. Really. Why are you looking at her? No I mean no I. Wasn't no. What's a good gift. You've gotten I, always I. Ask this on my podcast I. Don't like that really I say no gifts. Why it's too much pressure? You got pressure to give you got pressure to receive yeah. Just you know what I'm saying? Yes, let's not get, and what, if I, don't get you something as good as you got me or vice versa, or you get me a shitty one I feel like, and then you got a plot. What do you do for Holly I have a problem with that, though, because it's like you end up. Both sides end up taking the lazy way out, yep no gifts above it and then I see my parents 50 years later and then my mom is like he never bought me anything and well that generation gifts are currency, they mean love like I, feel like we're the first generation, that's changing the West, not truly law. But what do you do with gifts? We do I eat other [, __ ]. That's he giving you something good! Well, we I mean we add that we want anything. We just buy it. We share everything where there's no separation, there's no way to even surprised it yeah. There's the lid really no way, it's a surprise, her I can't we have one car. We got one Amazon account yeah one Bakke account. How am I gonna buy her gift, I'm big unframed, we like, oh, that's that is sweet. You could take a photo of your kid she's, never seen I'll take a photo, my dick she's gonna. What do you guys do for holidays know that there was a hole in you, but you do present, you don't your presents. Now we should we'll do something together. Like trip. That's yeah we'll go on a trip like on these holidays. We're gonna go on a trip with our son. Okay I mean we've gone shopping together, we went shopping together and like like I check it out. Yeah I got the expensive shoes, you know yeah and I'm like I, don't know if I should buy it. Anything's like you, should it's your birthday, yeah, okay, so he's they're, giving you it like the gift. Is the confident be able to do it guilty about yeah? Where did was your last trip? I won't ask about your future. One. Where was our last one I went to we went to Mexico. Was that our last trip I hate, Mexico yeah, your [ __, ] Oh, words I! Think yes, Santa Cruz. We like Santa Cruz. Oh that's, nice! It's a slow road trip. Yeah! We don't do much fun stuff. We have work. We were a lot of work yeah and now we got a baby that makes things even worse. That's it's not much going on sounds pretty sad, no I'm, very happy together. I'm just trying to find a cure. I see no disagreements, I see no passivation I, see no resentments. Let me ask you a question: did I buy a vintage car? That's our latest disagreement. Ethan doesn't think I. Should it's not because I don't want to spend the money I don't want to have it I know that it's just gonna sit in the garage. It's a pain in the ass to upkeep it's just it's gonna! That is right. Yes, you know it's. If I was, if I was a hundred percent on getting it, I would but and I would support you. Yes, I says: if you want it don't just this is my I know: you're gonna, regret it and I kind of know that he's right right, I see they want it. I have a couple questions. Are you gonna want to drive it every day? Yes, how much is she doesn't even drive them? Probably not expensive yeah. It's like probably less than 20 grand mm-hmm, okay and how important is it to you? I just feel like our I'm bored, with, like the black normal car I, just want like to see a little pop of color you're, not gonna like man. No, you should [ __ ], get it. Okay, I think you guys work your asses off and you're a mom and you deserve it. I grew up with no money, and now that I have it, I still live in this scarcity plays, if you have, but it's just gonna I, do that I get very practical and I'm like what the [ __ ] am. I doing. Life is short. I've worked my ass off. If I want to get it and if it starts being a problem, get rid of it, but I feel like in the amount of time you're spending deliberating about it. You could have just gotten it yeah and either had gone right or wrong, and even if it is kind of a hassle and sits in the garage, if it makes you happy yeah I, don't see why not. If it starts becoming a problem, then you'll just get rid of it. I didn't like her answer. I'm sorry I feel like I'm, but I, just I'm, big ugly, kidding I reek to be Tift. I've, always been so premeditated about things. Yes, and we are like that, we are both. We didn't have money, I have a scarcity complex, you know and I'm just sort of. If it's about you've worked your ass off and I feel like you earned it, it seems like you, don't really go on that many vacations and you just had a kid: is it gonna be convertible? It might be. You think it's gonna be -, no, no baby, no kids and also, if it doesn't work out, you can put it in a it's just wrong. Yeah you're gonna get matching glasses. That's all that idea! Yeah! You know you can you know you can always put it in a garage somewhere else if it starts to annoy you or it can just sit in the garage. I've already annoys me yeah, but that's my farm I need you to be a hundred percent on the same page with me. You're, not all in so you know, she's hesitant. She said she agrees with me, but she might not agree with you because she's worried he won't be supportive. You know, do you think I want to be supportive? No cuz I, don't cuz I, don't want it to like a day after I get it it's a nightmare and then you're like I, told you so I won't say: there's no version of vintage carving a nightmare. Yes, you would no, they weren't vintage. They were old. We were poor old, there's, a big difference or just from like the sixties. I grew up in Virginia and tech -. It won't be that old. So maybe it's your definition of vintage I'm, telling you everything and from the 70s beyond sucks and I, say that as someone that knows nothing about Porsche or something still like I see, you know, but like maybe he's a billionaire. Yes, like people did take care of it. Do you think this car is oh wow? This is like 50s or 40s. If you crash in that it explode. That's what you want. Okay, so now I like the old BMW or old Mercedes I just wanted people that can like them right. You can get those from the late eighties, 9 bucks, yeah I, like that's an old Mercedes, but just looks like a dumb car, but you hurry, but you can get one more than nineties. Nineteen nineties, BMW I'm, sorry Mercedes, I conflate them that looks older than it is oh, these are this one is 45 Grand I think if they work they're gonna start right. Where were you looking like Craigslist I, just looked on, Google image, you're, sick? That's incredible! That's probably like a hundred thou hear more yeah I think that I think the price finding one that actually works, then seeing how much money it is I. Think that's gonna, be what okay helps you decide. Do some more research yeah, it's fun to just look at old cars. Who else is good with old cars that we know I know a lot of people that are really good at old watches, but we must know someone that's good with old cars. Rogan has a bunch of cars. Leno has a bunch of cars. I know I think has a really old car yeah I know has like he's known. First deplane hangers I've been to his garage with all the old cars, and it's not just old car I mean it's he's got like steam engine car. Oh, yes, like an old electric cars, yeah, oh cool! You should go there, it's so [, __, ], awesome and then he's got a lot of cars that are there and you're like. Why is this there, because it was like the first Mazda Miata. Oh yeah is like the first of a little. What's Jay Leno worked, oh wow, I mean I, don't think he's ever talked touched. His talk show money. They say: hey Leno network, oh really, yeah, because he makes so much money off of corporates. 400 really yeah that tracks yeah, maybe saves money on clothes. Only wears denim tuxedos. Is that the Canadian tuxedo I? Don't know. Why is that I I agree? That's almost um, it's unfair to the sweet Canadians, but maybe they just love denim people clown on Leno, but he has always been so kind and so nice Howard hates Blenheim. Yes, they have a big but I haven't really followed up mm-hmm, but um he's always really nice. After my special came out, he called me Oh like say how funny or what like he didn't have to do that I thought it was really nice. We talked a little bit by you special by though I've sure so I have to tell you what the the one joke about gold diggers was I, don't know why I loved it so much, but I'm, not that I, don't know why, but I mean I, don't know why that one specifically, you know what I thought was clever about it. Yeah I can interrupt you. If I can mail if I can mansplain, why don't you finish so I'm not mean I, don't I, don't have anything important I do wanna get Carl's jr. Impe beyond burger on the way home? Yes, they'll. Have you done the Burger King beyond burger or only cars yeah I? Did it Karl's little ones crazy, the Fatburger one? No oh, the Fatburger impossible burger is a dude I. Don't understand it's like so easy to be a vegetarian. Now all this beyond meat! Sorry, well that's the word like ten years ago, that was in Israel and I had like nothing so so now it's so excited like. What do you want? Is summer yeah yeah wait. What were you gonna interrupt it? Yes, so um the the gold-digger prank or the gold digger joke was great it because it was a kind of a fresh. Take I hadn't heard that angle, you said: maybe, if you didn't want to be dating gold diggers, you would just not go [ __, ] 18 year old. Is that the joke I mean obviously I. Did it way worse? We may in your old, but you know date, women with their own gold right yeah like that, but then I think I I actually stuttered a lot during that bit. I have a weird speech, impediment that sometimes comes out. Thank you so much you list them the others, viagra and I stuttered during that bit and I almost cut it because you do see no one noticed except me and I a was like magnified, you didn't cut it, and then there was a whole thing about. You. Guys are gold diggers. You took all the gold, or you already took off when yeah, when did it before we were laughs, you're literally gold, digger, literally gold, before women were allowed to leave the house I'd love to go, get gold myself, but you guys took it all yeah, that's a good joke! -! You are literally a gold, dick yeah yeah with well that kind of led me into a show on YouTube there's something really popular called gold. Digger pranks that I have always pissed me off really and they're all very Pro gold, digger I, do what you got to do well here, I mean I, wish I was smart enough to be a gold digger right. It's like you want, and you young girl. So now here watch this, and then you tell me: okay, look at the view now before 47 million views. Now let me just explain some things: there's like a million of them and they all have like forty to sixty million views and I'm. Also gonna tell you something I've it does. It I just feel like there's a stigma against women that date, men that have money or power. First, what we're wired to [ __ ] do that that's just evolution in human nature 101, but I've had men. Gold. Take me before you know: if male gold diggers are everywhere to and nobody nobody talks about that. Oh you had another good joke about that. You said: there's a there's, a name for the male gold digger, it's the backup, dancers, Britney Spears! You know like. We must be really in love yeah using her right. That's very true and she knows that she's got some. She got some dancer. No, oh! Maybe so! Maybe okay well fair enough, but regardless. So what you said is true they're using each other. Now this is where it goes. Haywire and everyone think it's fake. By the way and all the comments are like yeah [ __ ] that [ __ ], you see, but it's presented as real. What's up Judy, what's going on, hey I was looking at you and I thought. You were really pretty and I wanted to get your number. Is that too much to ask for or let's go out to dinner? Oh yeah, will you go to dinner by yourself? Defense? Oh, it's um, I, don't usually ask twice, but you sure you don't wanna go out with me yeah, that's my car! Why I? Don't it's no notic? It's a hundred percent! Absolutely not! But they'll heard the message. You'll see is what I want you reactors it's baby too bad I, don't like gold diggers, I just like young girls, that I just saw and I like their looks, and that's all I know about them. People worship this guy. For that they think it's so epic. What a tool right I mean I, don't feel like adults are watching this. No like teenage, it's young, see, I mean yeah. I. Don't really feel like. This is true. I got kind of deep into the sex robot sex doll chatroom world, and there is a lot of this kind of waffle, and so this is like um like how girls grew up watching like Disney movies and romantic comedies would show that, like all the bet, that's like the inverse version of that or something like, let me reinforce some fantasy. That's gonna be self-defeating and none of my relationships in the future. You know that's like Disney movies, for Boris on about that yeah, here's their inverse, yeah, here's the thing: that's gonna, [, __, ] up my paradigm of wouldn't help me make like a sweeping generalization about all women, or this is gonna, justify the thing. I already think. Oh, this is why girls won't [ __ ] me now, I feel better. If it makes you feel better about yourself. Whatever works, we all need anesthesia yeah, but then, five years later, your name is Elliott, Rodriguez and I'm. Saying so, is this guy like a YouTube maker? Yes, okay, I get to make I love it. Sorry I! Video to me is the shirt he chose to but like he was doing an impression of a rich guy. That's just the shirt! You would wear. No, so I've seen these. So it's basically just they get rented nice car for the day right and they try to pick up a girl and then they come back with the car and they can't wait to suck his dick yeah. But so no one knows this is fake. It's all it's presented as real yeah I mean, but what do people? What? If all these views, are people watching and having the same conversation we're having nope? You know you don't get you don't get to 60 million views from conversations. Oh yes, but there's four, oh I see yep yeah I mean a lot of people, know it's fake, but most people are in. Like look at the comments. Let's see, I mean I've, never seen something yeah yeah, that's good! That guys woke. Is she working out and stretching on a car, then I realize? Well, let me show you soon, because it's so show you the first scene. It's like the fakest I loved it look at her she's stretching and yeah no yeah. It's not you'd be like that women. Don't exactly yeah I would have maced that person. Anyone who has any modicum of emotional intelligence er has been out in the world saying, there's no way he's like after you. What is making me one of me: I have weird posture things and I broke this shoulder and I've started to kind of hunch, so I'm trying I almost got that thing. A friend of mine. You know the community Neal Brennan has has told me about it. It's like a strap that you wear with a little device on the back that when you start to hunt it chirps is it? Do you find benefits of sitting at standing up straight or is it just to look? You know it's just my posture, yeah I broke this show it definitely looks better, but I broke this shoulder and if you start hunching it'll freeze, you know, did you break anything any knotty problem? Gonna, hang we're all healthy good for you broken his uh I'm, just brainstorming. How was your childbirth is? Okay, um. You know, childbirth, yeah, no I, don't you were there? I watched whoa I watched everything they may I held her leg. They made me do it. My brother said he tried to film his wife's first. Oh don't do that and she started [ __ ] and she didn't [ __ ]. I, surprisingly, didn't I I was totally expecting that I would well that's well done, I! Think it's because I'm I think so I'm a nervous Wooper so like when I get nervous. I go to the toilet like nervous to have something tears. No your! She already had her bowels the whole time that I knew that it's happening. I was running to the toilet like okay, god I got it. If Whitney was there, she would have just grabbed it with her I think I was already empty. Did you get drugs yeah good, oh yeah, there's a thing in LA where I was like I. Did it with no dry? No okay, I act to Cristina before and I was like yes big. Yesterday, drugs yeah, great yeah I took it and I'm very happy. I did and you know I. So there were stitches. I know someone a girlfriend of mine Tora, a total of 13 inches I. Don't know what I think that it was probably a kind of bad Tara, because they were kind of hush-hush about it and they were stitching you for a while for a while, but wait. Okay yeah. So you get all stitched up and then you don't really know what's happening. Then you just go back later and get the stitches out yeah, although it falls out or disintegrates or whatever yeah. It's like the kind that like just and they're inside you are outside both everywhere. Yes, pirates I in there yeah, you know anything. She was [ __ ]. Up, though, hurt you had like ice up in that [ __ ] all day and get diapers on it. You do consider doing a cesarean like a scheduled, caesarian, I. First I, don't think it's worth it. If you don't need to yeah cuz it as scary as it all sounds yeah, it's weird to say that it wasn't that bad yeah Wow. Well that way, yeah no I agree, I mean it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be either yeah. Well, your brain does get flooded with oxytocin when you give birth, which is the only we had a pretty good case of it. I wasn't sick throughout my pregnancy. Yeah I never got it just like a breeder now and then afterwards, I pretty much went back to normal. So yeah it was hard I'm, not gonna, say that wasn't yeah, but I was expecting like being traumatized for life afterwards, yeah I was really afraid of it. So, like maybe my bar was like really it like. This is gonna, be like worse, I expected something far worse to, but ultimately you just get through it. You know it's just it always on you. It was really totally it was. It was their way to me in the whole time huge [, __, ] I had passed a huge poop and were you scared, I wasn't I mean I, wanted to you. Let it be comfortable, I thought I knew she would be fine, though yeah sure body was was adapting incredibly well to the pregnancy. When we got in there. She was all she was already like five inches dilated, which is like half the way there and it's her first baby. She was all ready to go. Your next baby is just gonna crawl out on its own. Do you think you're gonna have another one. Yes, do you want to have another one, and because we because we want to Theodore his name, we want him to have someone to play with oh yeah, that's cute, like a second dog, yeah yeah, you can leave him home longer, yeah! That's all you know you have someone who can built-in babysitter [Applause] that was laughs. Sorry, I, get really loud, I think it's exaggerated, but I think I gave I, think I murdered our baby I startled you. This is how our baby reacts. Theodore doesn't like it. No Theodore likes it. No, no! He does people think it's fun. Dad really. Really you can't do that. Is it like acid reflux? Is that what, as you feel acid, coming up mucus in your throat, no I guess I almost black out that he actually does that all day every day at home, - I were I, mean literally I feel so close to you. I know everything about your shits. You just did that yeah most people don't comment on that. I mean this. Is wild I'm glad? Are you so comfortable yeah? Well, you know we like to get to know each other. That's just to get like stuck to my balls. It's like haha, no I'm unsticking. It so guys. We'll just do one thumb, I see it all the time and I never quite know, I, don't know what they're doing, but I could speak for myself, it's sweaty or the water. From your that you left on your butthole. It's probably swinging up and it's uncomfortable, so you got a d-stick okay. What do you guys do when you grab back there Zach all you guys? What do you guys do? Well, UK you guys you're on camera. What can I do? I'm, not gonna, be someone else on camera. I got a dick. It gets stuck to my balls like this I mean she's the first person to come on. It is anyone else troubled by it. I'm rich I do have commented on it in in YouTube comments. Oh I didn't never seen them. Do you guys see comments like that? Oh well, you they just see you do this! Probably yeah I! Think it's it's not a bomb I'm just grabbing my dick and lips. Oh I thought I saw a thumb. No, maybe like a hitchhiker thumb just straight down. Why don't you guys speak up I'm asking you guys questions you just leaving me in the trenches, like usual I mean. Do I I'm not on camera? Constantly, okay! Well, I am so. What do you do? You grab your balls if I need to sure yeah, but do you can you not not do it like how uncomfortable you you read comments? Are people troubled by it? I, don't read them regularly anymore, but I've seen it for sure Dan. Have you seen that it's it's out there I wouldn't say it's the most common criticism, but what is the most I've I'd like to see if I agree with it? Well, I'm gonna get my list out most common criticism, I, don't know I, don't think people criticize me at all. Can you guys the gift you can provide me is a supercut of all of his throat clearing? Oh that's so funny. My problem is that people think it's funny because he does it on videos, but he does it at home too yeah. Well. Nonetheless, there we go [Applause], [Music], [Applause], [Applause], [Laughter], Oh, funny your brand, yes, very big part of your brand reflux. Do you take something for it? Yes, we take a map, result 20 milligrams, Oh. Every morning you know it's like a big thing. People say it even like will give you Alzheimer's and [ __ ], but I don't have a choice. Well, cuz! It's sorted start to eat it, you're not focused or something. No, it's not good for you right. If you have all that acid yeah, that's not good yeah, but they say that, like the a map, Rizal can cause I, don't know people don't really know they just give you [ __ ] and they don't know what yeah. But it's. If you don't take it. Oh it's so much worse. Does I just have like constant heartburn all the time. Oh god it's so nice. What happened in the early videos? He didn't know that he had it and- and he was coughing all the time and it was real people- thoughts that he was just like exaggerating for the video right right, but it was. It was real and then eventually like after a year or two only. You realized that you have yeah I said to reflect. Omeprazole was a game. Change has not been eating meat hounds I, don't know it's only been like a week, but I I mean I've, had the the Harper under control, yeah I, think in general yeah, you know and one of the more a cough, the worse that guess, cuz it starts to injure my throat yeah make awful. Are you talk for a living I talk for a living, you know, I I got something here: yeah I put together a list of our favorite cringe videos. Actually I've got the the gender-reveal parties to which I know you're passionate about. Let me give you some headlines. Let's start there. Small plain gender yeah I mean the whole premise. Is outrageous yeah? It's! Oh! Let me show you this one. This was a recent one that came out of Russia that I think you'll enjoy Russian gender reveal today. This is gonna, be a [. __ ] tell me what you is that Russia that looks like the valley. I can't imagine a better way to celebrate everything see her getting blasted in the face was hard. What [, __ ] [ __ ]? They just hang there to you, know she's, just showing and joined the just enjoying a blindfold, and that was this yeah. Now she was like. Oh it's, a boy and I. Just and now, I'm gonna have a miscarriage for sure. [ __, ], I'm pregnant with a child I should probably inhale a bunch of chemicals. It's a boy now, but it's gonna be a fish. When it's born yeah they say that exhaust is is not well. That was like some like food coloring or something good. I, love that it's like hey you're, about to provide the gift of life. Can you go squat behind our car? Is it park like what I don't want this [ __ ], baby yeah I mean in a girl romance that's romance. Did you hear about the gender review of that started? 47 thousand acre wildfire I did have you seen the video? No there. Here's the video of it starting fin-tastic, wilds Arizona gender, reveal party turns into a blaze Oh what an [ __ ] I mean dude. You could have figured look at forty, seven thousand acres. Oh my gosh. What's of human garbage? Was it a boy, though? Was boy right? You got Jesus, it was a boy, so we have so. We know Elise. Okay, well, I think it was blue smoke yeah the boy okay I mean they had to pay eight point: two million dollars you had. How did you guys know the gender of your kid before was born? Yes, how was it revealed? Ultrasound? Yes, isn't that on the agenda? Really I, don't understand. Why aren't there enough surprises in child that you need to add surprise Oh? Also in Israel, it's not a thing. So I was really shocked when I first started, revealing it yeah a people started I skin us like do you have a David plan for the gender-reveal and I was like text message: yeah I plan, yeah, I I, think that we have to remember, though, like I, always forget that most people don't get to have big like parties and celebrations, and attention and I think Instagram has made it that people are trying to do stunts anymore offense, that's right! That will get them Facebook like we get a lot of attention, I! Think most people don't and I think prankster culture has made people go like I gotta do three things to get likes on Instagram, yeah kind of a boring person of iral, yeah I think everyone's kind of trying to get their moment. That's a good point. You know and shits catching on Oh to hear about what, if your Isis and you want to terrorize America yeah, why wouldn't you just come to California during this fire season and just throw some matches here and there yeah, like that's the best way to cause terrorism to this country um? It already happened in Israel, so they would, if they were here, why aren't they I mean you're, just not under attack every day like in Israel. It sells out that they were slicker. I just talked to the guy. That does Apple podcasts sure that whatever and I was asked him all these questions and he said Isis had a podcast and tried to upload it. Isis podcast brought to you by the ketchup Jasper I just was like they recorded another one, bad of jihad. They were I, wonder. What's the name of it, I don't know seven version lots of questions, vanilla, Isis, I, don't know how many virgins do they get? Oh wow, yes, one get. Seven, they get 72. What if they bomb something you know they get. You know they get bored, though, and within eternity. That's way too much time. Yeah, you you. Why does nobody know that verse virgins probably aren't that good at sex yeah, but that's what they like? They want them to suffer a thing they're like I. Don't want I just want to nut and I want you to suffer god. I got it got it got it. I'm gonna like cause pain to you, okay copy. That 72 is such an odd number. It's probably there's, probably like I know like in Judah, 72 I think there were seven women and Muhammad's harem mm-hmm I just made that up. Thank you. I'll, probably gonna get death threats for that joke anyway. Yeah. Do you get a lot of death threats, what they say in the death threat of someone who's? Actually gonna kill. You doesn't give you a heads up, yeah, exactly which is even scarier yeah. They just show up yeah I'm, trying to put like secure my house more and the alarm guys like look. If somebody's here to harm your family, they're gonna, you can get a real dog, I. Think well, I have a doctor real I shot a full shot. Dude I use it yeah, oh good I've, it's loaded, it's in a gun, safe mhm and basically um units, a semi-automatic, seven shots, no reloading! Oh that's hard, our quick style good. Have you done training and practicing? Yes, too long of a pause, I've shot, it I know, I know how to you know how to use it. Do you know how to use it? You lose kills with her hands. I love to see you shooting a shotgun like boom boom. Just to let him know yeah anyway. I was just saying that that hat did happen as if there are attack fires yeah they stout. They should outsource that to America I'm, just saying I, don't want it to happen, but it's really good like if I was a terror, if I was like a how to terrorize caption it but I, just I'm captivated but yeah I feel like they're planning, something probably a little more digital or something mmm. What's this one, this one's well Israel is like Simpsons. Did everyone at all Ohio Oh Australia. You know what um there was one okay, what's she doing, they put timestamps on a one-minute video. It's like alright come on. This is so ridiculous. I just want to say, hinted windows about that topic. Still they've even used kites, ok, ite yeah, like what did you think she said? Well, kite I. Don't know I was like cakes, please don't get into that. Ok, hey! Ok, thank God! We're back yeah kites to fly explosive stuff into people get creative; they have more there yeah they're more creative over there yeah anyway. Only our terrorist could learn something from them. Yeah that kite technology, yeah I, think the Japanese did that too. During world war, two they like flew [, __, ] blimps, with bombs across the ocean. I know I feel like I've, been reading so much about terrorism lately. But then there was this article in Time about how, like the next big attacks, gonna be cyber terror like we're focused on keeping arsenal. Save me, while they're in cyber terrorism territory. Yeah I, do you think they're sophisticated enough that probably comes from like China or Russia, or something tik-tok, they're gonna take a [, __ ] yeah, you know: do you know that tick tock is owned by a Chinese company that sells our data. I mean yeah. We have lots of thoughts on that. It's like no one's gonna, stop giving out their data like no, never gonna, stop so we're running around and thinking about it. But and it's that ship has sailed yeah, you know it's just like I think the most important thing is you're, like your health information, and you know like the therapist I go to like I, just don't go through insurance, because I don't want any of my meaning about my personal, mental or physical. How old you know cuz, that's that's what the real thing is. I, think people all they do is complain about data. My phone numbers gonna leak. It's like do you remember there used to be books with everyone's phone number in it in the dress in their own line. No everyone still exists. So if you want to protect yourself, I mean I. Think it's the one of us. Vulnerable populations are literally just people that are aging that used their mouse. Google is collecting data on when your mouth starts, just slow down or be a rat I can selling to your insurance company that you might be proposed. It's really more about your health information, so that your insurance, you know you can't be denied insurance that your insurance doesn't go up. You think that they sell that to the insurance company so that they can raise their premiums for sure yeah. There's a great that's crazy. It was either a hidden brain or something that guy from Facebook who advised Mark Zuckerberg to stop doing that and he overrode his advice anyway. Basically, it's come out saying here's all the thing: they things you do anytime. Someone sends you a Gmail any time you use a Gmail they're, taking all your data anytime, you buy a prescription. You know all the ancestry stuff I've really mixed on that, because they are using a lot of it to solve unsolved crimes and they're, getting innocent people out of jail and they're. You know people that murdered 100. Women are now going to [ __ ] jail, the Gold Coast killer, that's right! They cause that's exactly right and people that have been wrongly in prison or getting out of jail you're, also using it to do studies. But at the same time you know if you're predisposed to cancer predisposed to Alzheimer's or something they can think. Theoretically that could get to your insurance company. Well, you know who owns 23 me know: Google, oh yeah, helix I did the National Geographic one? Oh, those guys are the best yeah they want. They want I, don't know they won't sell your data to somewhat to a I'm going nowhere bow mining. Come you know what I'm saying but I, just always on the we're always like worried about one thing: that's like kind of harmful and missing I mean the security cities there soon, there's gonna be no evidence with Photoshop and deep fakes like soon ever true, you know soon. You know your photos, you're gonna, be on a porn stars head and it's gonna be understandable. Already has already had success. You know cooked off to you. The deep fix really know is that what I have a question? What would happen there? If you went out of town for a month? Would he be allowed to jerk off to a deep fake of you? Because technically it's not your I think. So what would you care if I jerked off to a you, a deep fake anyway? Don't care yeah, but it's not your body, but at least it's like I'd, rather someone else's face in your body. I, don't know you rather him just watching or your spouse watch porn I, don't really care about porn that. But what if your face was on the Heaphy like the face, is more of a meaning that you're still there no and then your buddy, that's it good! You filled out I am so would I prefer and jerk off to a deep fake name, no cuz I'm kind of insecure about my body. Oh, so that's the kid I think it depends on what the body look like I see if it was like some crazy muscular like super in shape body I then wouldn't want him to like see. My real body me like oh yeah I, have to go back to coach right. You know, I mean I, think that would make me insecure. I, don't think that would be I, don't want to I, don't the bar getting too high. Also, he doesn't make the deep fake. Remember someone else: does it takes a lot of effort? Yeah, it really does so. I would just go type either deep, fake and I would just get it done. I've! Never done that, though mm-hm and that's legal I mean they haven't even figured yeah I, don't know that they've legislated it yeah. That's the thing is that they're not really moving on legislating and it's not until like Lindsey Graham gets deep fake and he should. They can also put your face on a murderer in a you know, surveillance video, eventually that'll be spooky as it gets, but I definitely want males. I want Lindsey Graham's face on blacks on a black, then we'll get that is they don't block black comments when they take a bunch of huge boxes with giant [, __ ] and they have sex with a tiny little white girl. Oh glad I didn't know that I got there, not it not met there. A doc I've been about how I yeah. I know I have a whole bit about how like horn is the most racist, [ __ ] ever, but they get it passed cuz. It's born black dot. Commons, like no one, can report the racism because then you have to say you had watched it right. I was pretty big deal. It was because at like 9:30 a.m. I woke up a little bit Lake so soon stamp the night before and I had like 18 text messages from like all my guy friends are like dude returning on pornhub you're trending on point on all my guy friends and I was like I'm glad to know that you jerk off at 9 a.m. yeah, all my guys, I, think eyes, jerk off at night, I, don't know why Oh all hours, 9 a.m. coming in hot but yeah I was trending. I was like third training on pornhub and I was like you know. This is a big deal. It was a really big deal. Were you in a way? Are you at all, flattered by a Nipplegate, I was I? Think most people probably would look at my nipple that, like I was extorted and it was put online Mart of curiosity, I, just I'm so bummed, because it was just like the least flattering [ __ ] I've, taken very good nudes before this was not a good news. Although it's just well for context, you did an Instagram story. Yeah you're, known I was stoned. Okay, good. We have a little comment, a little context. We there was a little bit of nipple on the bottom and then why taking a video in the bathtub sort of on Instagram and I was a little stone, so I didn't really see and then I uploaded in and I, like looked at my phone like 10 minutes later on, like 45 minutes on the internet and I, was like only one nipple like what happened. How bad is my posture? That's only one: it's like half really yeah, it's like and then I and then I took it down and then, like three months later, my specials coming out and I got this email from an AOL account. Like a great flash I already know. This is either a criminal or Isis, or my aunt and I open it in this guy and he's like um. You know, if you don't pay me $50,000 I'm gonna, this photo. What is yo mass was publicly posted. Well I publicly posted after that, but it was on it. What a genius that's right, but it was a video that I take him down and he had screen grabbed it. Okay, so then I ended up just posting it anyway, but it was such a [ __ ] bummer cuz the photo was like I was in the bathtub like kind of hunched it look like I was having a home. Birth was not flattering, and- and you know how like, when you bend over your tits, get kind of like skinny, they look like otters, like they're. In the background you can see like dandruff shampoo and like great, like it's such a beauty and [ __ ] that guy yeah was I mean, and it's also the kind of snow pathetic honestly, like I. Do think that, because I was that we got to this whole legal thing, because you know extortion is illegal. In most states, but I also, it's legal in some states think it actually is I. Think it's only like 30 or so that's crazy, I know it's pretty wild and I started really getting into it. First of all to sue someone is really expensive and I was like I. Don't have this person anymore my summer, energy and I think we I started to ascertain I just had this gut feeling that it was like a kid who was kind of just got in over his head yeah, and you know we used to egg people's houses. We used to prank people. I was just like I. Don't want this person's life to be ruined cuz, they just did something dumb when they were a teenager and I. Don't really give a [ __ ] I'm, a comedian who [ __ ] cares. Mmm I'm, not gonna, run for president someday I, don't bitching, so I kind of was just like who gives a [ __ ] yeah. You know what I would have liked it to have been a posed photo. Well, hmm, I! Wonder if I wonder you know, you almost started a trend. I feel like there was people who were faking: oh leaking their nudes after that. Well I did no I. Basically just was like this is really embarrassing and I'm just gonna post it and then Bert Kreischer and a couple people just to make me feel better started posting embarrassing photos of themselves, which is really actually kind of touching posted. His balls Segura pose Wow yeah. Yes, it was pretty much I. Think that's how I found Nipplegate is that I saw Tom's, mangled penis on my timeline and response as I grow. All right. I do I just realized that there's porn on Twitter, oh yeah. They know anything yeah good, but on Twitter you can't do I didn't yet on Instagram you can't and I did get shadow pans. I got because I violated the Terms of Service and I'm uploading the photo when it happened. So yeah like out of the algorithm yeah but I did they got me back and it was fine because they all comedians are like shadow banning is like the big two. They don't tell you, but they just suppress your engagement or what? What does that? I? Don't? I don't know I'm sort of like Santino Hinchcliffe Tim Dylan like we're all kind of like I. Usually it means you've just violated the Terms of Service and they take you out of the algorithm. So Santino had posted a photo of like those nude naked news, girls in Canada or something so I. Think that's why I think there's a logical explanation for ID I mean what do you think? Do you think Twitter's over there going I, don't like their political beliefs, um, no I, just I, don't think that they have I. Think I, don't know that Instagram doesn't over, but I. Think if you post a nude, they tell you they're like are you suspended? Yes, you violated the Terms of Service and then I was not like searchable for like a couple days. I'm gonna be, and then it was like Whitney fan pages and then my page was like so hard for I've. Seen that on certain pages, it's so bizarre, yeah, okay, so I think it's probably just you get out of there algorithm in its machine. That makes sense the main feed algorithm so weird anyway. Now, like most people, don't see your main feed posts right kind of thing, so I don't know well, I wonder, can maybe I should leak a picture of my penis or something you see what happens yeah. This is a theme that keeps coming up in this conversation. Dick pics, oh yeah, that's true, ball, cleavage, I. Think breast feeding is the big saga with Instagram like can you show breastfeeding? The whole thing with Instagram makes no sense to me because they'll allow pretty much nudity except showing the nipple. That's right. Wait dear their song I've seen girls just showing ass without yeah under yeah. You can show that so what I don't understand, except for vibe milk making other nips men can yeah. Of course, I could show my nips big-time. Yes, yes, you can I gave an extent I wonder if I can extend my nipples. You know some in like they'll like extend their nipples with like miss nipple sucker. Oh you don't need to make me bigger, so I'm wonderful should get some big and gorgeous nips and show those can I. Get like nipple implants, I forget nipple implants. You know learned a lot. What, if I get fake tits as a dude I know those uh? No, yes, you probably can, but you see what I'm saying yeah I think you actually could. If you got breast implants as a dude, you could probably you were just a fat dude with big tits I'm sure you could right there yeah, but I did learn when I got a sex. Robot made of myself. I went down to the sex robot Factory and the most popular nipple was large, like like the boys. I was so interesting that nipple guys, like nipples, that are as big as the boob I. Don't like that guys, like oblong nipples I, like I, like a small supple, nipple yeah, that's a diamond like proportional yeah, not like tiny, but yeah like I, have like not like a man like a freckle, not like a freckle. You like more breast tissue than nipple. You definitely yeah. Yeah I mean I'm more the weirdo here that can't be I, like your point about it, for the women out there to know that, there's someone for everyone yeah, because we all I feel like. We all think that, like you know, you would want the one perfect yeah we can they Paul. Everyone thinks you need like a little light. Pink tone is known to thee, so I am a monster yeah! No, it was just more like they're, a lot of guys request, oblong a lot of guys request, dark, really dark nipples, which is interesting biologically because apparently your nipples darken, when you breastfeed it's the wing me finds the nipple. So that could be like some mom issue. Breastfeeding interesting, I can't imagine even like specifying and such fine tea like. If you were to order a sex doll, you know say she left you right. She couldn't stand the car, yeah I always rely being anything, and so it wasn't for her and if you had to get a sex doll, mate or if she was just like. Ah, the stitches aren't healing up I need a couple months off. Can you just get a sex doll like what would you custom order? You could decide everything. Pubes I mean I know that's a lot of decision making. It is right, they have a wall with all the different kinds of nipple you choose from there's like 48, different nipples. You have to just how much pubic hair you want how long how what she it's kind of too embarrassing to decide one of those things. Oh really. This is where we draw the line. I mean just for myself like to live with myself, like the fact that someone may see that someday and that I chose this specific length of pubes, or this specific nipple I mean it's so embarrassing. Yes, I find the sex doll thing to be I, wouldn't make sure that that thing never saw the light of day. I would put it in it. I want to kill it. I would just keep it like as a as like a stepchild, you don't like I would chain it up in the base. That's what you do. Where do you keep my keeper in room? Upstairs III put her in the garage, as we felt weird I, don't think she's creepy I everyone finds her so creepy when they come to my house and see her they're like who, like they three cat, like people really get this very on case. It looks like so much like you yeah and also not, but you know it's wild I. Don't think she looks like me at all, because we only see ourselves in Reverse because we only see ourselves in photos. That's true! You have no idea what we look like. They say that if we were so dysmorphic, if we were to see ourselves on the street, we might not even recognize ourselves. So when I look when she first came out because I was like I wasn't sure if I was gonna put her in about that, cuz I was like what if she looks like a [ __ ] ratchet scarecrow like I, didn't realize how good the technology was and they brought in this like hardcore robot I knew it and press that expression, and so she came out. I was like this probably gonna suck and I'll. Probably just do like a video with it or something and as soon as she came out, I was like [ __ ]. She doesn't look anything like me and then all the camera, people with me really, but there's nothing fascinating to me when I learn about why men are really creeped out by our sex robot. Sex job is because we're hardwired to be repelled by anything that looks human but doesn't look like a human like the uncanny valley. It's our way that we've evolved to be repelled by anything that looks sick or dead, so they will [ __ ] right. It's called pathogen avoidance. Oh I've been worried. I guess that just didn't I didn't evolve with that, because you're into the into the dot, if you're a creep another joke, [Laughter], no I'm, not I'm, not a comedian, really I'm just would you do stand-up, no I love the fact that you are so germaphobic about your butt, but you'll put your hat little bit on your head. Germaphobe say: that's such my own [, __, ], I, know but you're putting it over your hair in the germs in that hat arch. That is so [ __ ] germs in your mouth are going on to that and then the germs from your head are all mixing together. Your face is a petri dish. Also has guises I hate hasn't foreheads -. How much does it cost to get a sex doll? A lot of money I would definitely if the body and the head is what's expensive, because the head is in really only like the world. It's incredible Wow, the body's like 10 grand and those are disposable. So if I travel with her around the country like when I brought her to Howard Stern, the Today, Show and stuff in New York, we sent a different body and then I carried her head on the plane. But then I have another body at my house, so she can have many bodies. Her head is with expensive and I, bring it on a Pelican case on the tip, like a special case for ya Pelican case that she I have to pack the head in the hole. Take the weaves expense. Five grand looks real, it's expensive, his [ __ ]. Is it mate? Can you make out with it um you can I, don't I, do not you but I mean like let's say really, if you're in a relationship in you're on tour and often would be maybe he's like sex doll, yeah I I just feel like it's so expensive, yeah, it's it's very expensive, I know, I also put pantyhose on her and men are so perplexed by pantyhose that she belt I feel like he would just be like what, if you were on pantyhose, you wear. What do you call him hose? Tights leggings, oh you mean yeah like leggings, like nude pantyhose. When guys see pantyhose, they just think your vagina disappeared, like they don't understand. If it matches your skin. What do you call those like something more like leggings or tights tights yeah like tights, so what is penny.hope? There is another word for it. Yeah lady word, for it. That's like the my mom is like the most unsexy word yeah, because it sounds like your grandma. It's like just it's like a panties with hoses. It's a it's like nylons. It's like a thing that covers your leg, yeah I! Think a lot of people now do the spray-on nylons. Have you seen it's like a spray and going up to pray like covered your pores on your leg, gotta get into Hollywood I've, seen Kim Kardashian yeah thing about talking about it, the body makeup, yeah yeah? Oh, so they do that instead of the pantyhose yeah pantyhose I do get a lot of dm's of guys saying. Can you wear pantyhose and send them to me? I think guys are in the pantyhose yeah, which is probably a mom thing, cuz their mom Wharram dude. You get up a lot of wild dams. Man I tell you I'm I bet. You have a lot of feet: I, don't look! Oh yeah one website where they show people's feet somehow reason you're on it. I am I bet yeah. Oh I hate food, I, don't yeah! As we say. What is the foot thing? I hate, I, don't get the foot thing statistically the most disgusting part of body I know it's like the most probably the most popular fetish. Is it it's very cool? What's the biological basis for that fetish? Do we know no huh? I did it all yeah I'm trying to relate to it, but I think people just like the it's petite I, think it's email, okay, you know it's kind of weird I. Think there's also some kind of submissive thing like I'm, a piece of [, __, ] and I only deserve to lick your dirty feet. There's a little bit of a stress thing: yeah, like I'm, garbage, yeah femdom. Yes, it's a way to be the whatsit. Yes, there's a sub-sub and dog and Dom okay right either daddy Dom, oh yeah! What's that it's like when you attend your baby and your partner is daddy and change your diaper instead, I have great domain. There's this one girl that we often talk about on this podcast, who was into daddy Dom okay, so she likes guys who dress up as babies, no she's the baby, she dresses as the baby yeah and he [ __ ], her I, don't know if they [ __ ], that's kind of passable pedophilia dressing as a baby is a joke dressing as a baby still die see she wears. She wears braces to make herself. What is it? It sounds like every picture of me where you can see my face. Oh he said that wait. Is it on Instagram I want to look? Oh I, don't know it's I found it's a website called wiki and I was like hey something I'm popular. You do have good food really I feel like I. Don't I think you do because don't I can't I, don't know how to explain it. You have very normcore feet like what are you like size, 8 know what 9 9 okay see I'm a 10. You have thin delicate looking if it's complex about her feet really. Does she has big feet? Just like varies Dan I want to see this [ __ ]. Do you guys mind if I get my dick out or is a I sent it in the discord? Is that too much for this moment? Is your dick in a picture no I just gonna jerk off another job on his podcast. He showed you his balls was that I picked I'm starting to okay, yeah, really bad, oh cool Lila. We have been here for five I mean we I mean I'd, be shocked. I'm starving I mean we might meet her ran out about two hours ago. This car this person is that [ __ ]. He should not be able to vote. No, oh, oh my god. Oh my god save the pregnant look at just not pregnant. No. If the baby has no dad what the drone stole honestly, probably better off yeah without this genetic lineage. Well, that's so we've come to how long we've been going down just under two hours. Okay, there you have it who's. The longest guest you've ever had well. To be frank with you, we've gone for eight hours. We've had a charity stream. Oh wow, Aegeus, that's intense! So that's like stupid, but, like average guest I mean we don't go about two hours is average like threes along Rogan, sometimes about three three is too long: oh yeah such a sad sight. The mic group in like that I know it. The mic is like I'm done. Oh, my god, my makeup is on the microphone talk about [ __ ] germs, so someone else's, there's bobbies yeah might be what else we have a bunch of cringe fears. But let me show you this one, this one's my favorite, oh you have something well, I was just gonna ask what are you up to these days like you're, starting a podcast and yeah, and are you touring a lot I'm touring, starting in March, Break, yeah I'm, on a break from touring, Whitney Cummings, calm, yeah, bus tour yeah, but it's not up yep, it's not on yeah yeah I'm, announcing in Thanksgiving I'm sort of full-time focusing on the podcast. We did Dan levy from shits Creek and Dave Grohl, just a D'elia pavulon ugly they're coming like kind of just silly yeah I think I'm overthinking, the podcast right now, I'm excited to get to a place where I can just show up and just be authentic and talk stuff. I spend way too much time like trying to prepare I feel like the beginning is hard, don't be taking a while to find your you're and then I listen back to it. I'm, just like I'm, [, __, ], rambling, like that's, boring, I'm, stuttering, I, would say just don't don't be too hard on yourself, because it takes a long time mm-hmm. We hated it for a really long time. Yeah I had to stick through hating it and myself. How long did you hate it for like a hundred episodes, so I only have 98 more to go and that'll have fun. It can take that long. Yeah like it was something we wanted to do so it was like a struggle because we weren't happy with it or with the process or with how it came out whatever, but but we did want to do it so it we just kind of kept pushing hmm, you know, like I've, been doing other people's podcast for so long that I kind of been like okay I'm trying to learn from there. The things I like and don't like a bit about doing other people's mmm, but I try to just be really quick and tight because I just assume everybody's like so busy and you have to be sort of like non-stop entertaining but I think you know. Most of people I talk to her like no I, listen to it like doing laundry yeah like yeah, you know it doesn't have to be like rapid fire, TV and sand apart yeah, it's doing the opposite. You know my my first inclination was that and people started complaining that it was too short. Oh wow! Well, that's a compliment better than too long. I guess so, but I think people just kind of want to hang out with you and that's something. I need to yeah good come give it at least 20 ups, though don't don't get too bad on yourself, you're, exploring the idea, yeah yeah, no, we've changed stuff along the way. Until you find like how you're comfortable we changed the layout of the room. Yeah we've changed the mic in his case. You know it's all kinds of things that you'll come to understand as you do it, though right yeah, just kind of we're not like podcast, probably not hundred fifty yeah Joe Rogan's done, like 10 million episode, no I, think he's. Is it how many juice that yeah 130 some 1,300? That's so ridiculous Wow, but he does a couple of week, but he's suffering, walking, I think doing his podcast so much and watching like that I'm like that's, not exactly what I'm doing so, don't even try to yeah. You know yeah, but he also doesn't try to be funny all the time either. No, you know but I think as a comedian. It takes a second to just like shut that thing off: I, totally animate anyone laughs in ten seconds. What's going on you're bombing like I, have that in common, sometimes yeah, you know and embrace dead air whoa there embrace it. Where did you learn that at broad anti broadcast school embrace the dead air doesn't let it breathe? Sometimes we have dead air offs. We go okay, dead, air time like watch right now you see you look and she's not good at she broke the dead air, but sometimes you hit that air and you panic. Don't panic just just do like this and your guests, just freak your guests out just go just take it in. Is there anything else? That's brave! There's it's [, __ ] great I mean stand-up. Is the same thing: stand-up is like them slow down, take it yeah, it's a dead air, yes and then the next thing's gonna be funnier. If the audience is like, if you build some tension and just play it up, I always go I, love going dead, air and now there's no exactly what are your major slogans dead, air, another joke and and I don't joke and that's a dick pic I'd look at like don't you have like mottos like there's? What are your major, it's kind of in fascinating? What are your brand's words like? What would your Papa babe Nash and know combined papa, john and god bless ya? Papa bless, papa bless, I like saying god bless, - yeah, then people say Shalom, everybody yeah and then people also say now now: crickets yeah I always joked that at this point nobody's listening to so this one yeah that's about meetup, but it gets much more loose and low pressure at this deep in the show. I come shock, those filming these cameras and there's nothing. There's not seriously. People like to say about me that that's a that now he's got a clean butthole. No I can take that to the bank. Are you gonna? Try the aloe pills and report back to me. I'm curious, I'm, scared, I, just don't know that I want to [ __ ] everything. Well, just gonna, keep saying your corner. I think you should just take one, but you don't like a Sunday I, try to keep it down. So that's not that wasn't me. Do it on like a Sunday morning, Saturday night doing on this set, take one on a Saturday night now Lomax and that Sunday morning and then I want to know Monday how it went. Okay, dan, can you write it down? What was it called? A Lomax brand I have an aloe pill, there's a couple different brands. Just like aloe vera, it's a low I. Think it's like pure aloe I, can't I, couldn't tell you exactly. I'd have to look it up whatever it is. It makes you [, __ ]. It makes you evacuate the premises. I mean it sounds fun in a way, is it fun? There is bi I! Think [ __ ] is orgasmic I find do you like [ __, ], yeah, sometimes I'll take a fat [, __ ], that's so fat I talked about this gratifying. I talked about this yesterday Obama and he recoiled for me, but I was like I kind of get like gay, dudes or I mean I, get anal sex because sometimes I'll take it [, __ ], that's so gratifying, and it's huge and I'm and I actually really enjoy it. So I says: if you feel that good coming out, there's got to be something about anal sex, no I. Think no I was like I get Gators like whoa, but that's really I was like I. Could honey I really think I could get [ __ ] in that way to be? No, it's literally the opposite. It's good for coming out the inverse! Yes, the actual inverse I. Don't know she probably doesn't want her baby to crawl back in, but yeah try it before you go cuz. It is time this is a very short video. It's one of my favorites. You just react to this. There we go. It's only 30 seconds very jumpy. No, no is it a dog. That's gonna come under no I, don't like surprises just I like no it's fun. It just tell me. Is it gonna, be my [ __ ] [ __ ], [, __, ]? Okay, now that you know what it is: watch, here's the best part about who's, [, __ ], said sorry: I thought the dead person Oh smell the stranger [ __, ] yeah. Why? Because he turns him on I, see in a [ __ ] lab coat, and why does he look like Fred Armisen because he's problems with first I thought it was Fred Armisen and then I thought it was a dead guy. It's just a dude jerking off in a stall like that. You certain off lying down I, know I, understand that no he was just committing the memory way off on their stomachs. Maybe some dudes hump their bed huh like they if they're humping something, but you can't jerk off on your stomach. Well, so what's he doing? Why isn't he I think he's just committing the me right to the wank Bank, the wank Bank uh-huh? Is there a lot of [, __, ], porn, I, don't even know, I think that dating certainly exists, I, don't know if it's a popular genre, mm-hmm German, apparently love ship porn. That's what they say. I've said I'm when I was in Germany I saw and what we went into a pornography store and they were selling scheisse films. They call it and I was at a premium -. They were selling for like 80 bucks, because I having sex while shooting or something like [, __ ], each other's mouths and stuff. Okay, then that's actually it's super expensive, because I guess you got to pay the girls a premium to [ __ ] in your mouth, yeah, yeah, I, don't like yeah! That feels fair. Are you into pool porn like basically we're feeding you? You got to pay for the meal yeah all right. Should we wrap this up? Whitney Cummings has a new podcast out right now called good for you. It's available it everywhere. It's available everywhere. Podcasts are available, including youtube. We've got a tour. Coming up, do other people's podcast that much when you did thios I was surprised. You know I, don't know it doesn't like doing you just don't like to I. Don't like doing other people show yeah. Why did you see OHS cuz I like yeah and he's in the same building? Oh, that's helpful. Moved! Oh he's using this. No good. Okay, that helped and he's down the hall and and also a Netflix special call. Great. It's not called great. It is great. Can I take this. It's called. Can I touched on netflix it's a saga, it's a fantastic as netflix, so put it on and watch the special got, eesh mm-hm and what news teams are open. I, love, [, __, ], pics, I, love, I, I'm, entertained by them, I'm not upset by dick pics. But someone sent me a dick pic I'm like all right, delete a one-way street I. Don't care I! Think it's funny! Oh, are you trying to get both spit all right? You know when you've been talking so long. You've like crushed on your lip guys we're cut. We've got crusts on the lip. It's been a long day, it's Friday TGIF. You know what I'm saying you know we're getting the beyond burger right have a great weekend. You guys have a fantastic time, be good positivity and love smile more. You know. We only talk about smile more here. No negative thoughts here on the h3 nation. Only happy thoughts. That's nice of you! Oh you're, not wrong! Yeah! No, we're depressed nation or cynical nation. Don't ride elephants, don't write up into your [ __ ] [, __ ] out there you butt and adopt only adopt, don't buy right, don't go to circuit, says, don't go to the girl shop, don't go to SeaWorld, don't buy from breeder or cut off free. Oh look! What a sweetheart! No such thing as a hypoallergenic dog! Yes, there is, he is that well, he doesn't shed that's true yeah. He sells dander yeah, but I had dandruff yeah. My is there hypo gelatine saying now that there's this such a labradoodle, all that [ __ ] is fake. It's a scam, don't fall for it. They don't shed. That's true! Yeah! Don't not shedding is one thing, but they there's a the hypoallergenic dog is of lives. Hi. Sir. He's my mom going about shredders, yes or buddy, but I, don't regret. Um he's a purebred named Elton John, Oh Fred! Isn't even your key personality is such a character, sort of overcompensate with bigger personalities, he's like a look he's a little human being. He such a diva, that's human eye. Oh god, we have to go home to get Theodore yes time. Okay, we're parents; okay, guys! Thank you! Everybody hey guys! [Music] [Music], you [Music].