Two welcome everybody to the h3 podcast experience. Today's episode is sponsored by tushy and ridge, wallets uh. Today's episode, we are joined by william osman and his wife chelsea osman. We recorded that earlier today it was a fantastic episode. It is a fantastic episode about two dysfunctional men and their social care, their wives, who are social workers, they're basically assigned to us by the uh municipality, to keep us straight and honest right uh. I wasn't. I was fascinated by the similarities between us frankly, because we both, for example, have piles of laundry in our room before we met our significant other so that we have in common. I wonder if all guys do that, though, if that's just a guy thing, do you guys have ever have a pile of laundry in your room? I mean I've gotten better about it. Over the years I gotta say when you uh, when you brought that up, though um in my mind, I was like, why don't you just throw it in the closet and then that turned out? That's where it was yeah? So you know it's funny yeah. We were talking that ela. When she first came here from israel um. She was saying that she was horrified by my giant pile of laundry and then I was realizing that I had just shoved it all in my closet and then realizing that I never used my closet. I never hung a single thing in my closet on the floor. Yeah. The only thing I used it for was stuffing clothes in there. So the room looked clean. When you arrived yeah we've come a long way. Haven't we mm-hmm, I can use hangers now and everything yeah. They do use hangers now absolutely um. Anyway, we had a really fun time, a really good conversation. I think it was a beautiful, a wonderful time that I think everybody will enjoy before we get to that. I want to do a couple of announcements. Help help is on the way we are giving away a hundred thousand clams sugar mommies. Does anyone call money? Sugar mommies? Not really think so? We are giving away 100 000 doll, 150, 000 dollar hairs, thanks to the generosity of brendan green, so three winners, every day gets picked for a hundred days, five hundred dollars per person, fifteen hundred dollars per day. All you gotta do is retweet my daily post and put your paypal link. It's still going on we're on day, like 60, something 65.. When this comes out tomorrow it will be 68., so we still have a good amount of you know over 30 days, left of uh giveaways so make sure if you want to get some free money. We are doing this by the way, of course, because of the pandemic and everyone's out of work, so we're trying to figure out what which way we can best help people. So if you are looking for a little help, that's that's our way of trying to give back. Although I have to say I'm amused by the amount of conspiracies that I see in the threads yeah people go uh you're only giving away to bots. I saw someone go, I swear they go like yesterday. All the winners started with tea and they go all the winners start with. You know when I saw that when I did the drawing and they're all tea. I was like that for sure is gonna. That's gonna trigger somebody, there's like a small group of dedicated conspiracy, theorists for sure that are always like, but I promise you uh the money. Is there it's being given away? It just goes to show you there's, never a good deed, there's, no good deed in this world. You know and then actually what's. The shittiest thing is that the people that actually went start getting harassed. Oh great and told that they're bots great pretty much every time, there's a winner. They go, I'm not a bot, because everyone thinks that either people are scamming us or we're scamming them. They just know. There's a scam evolved um, but it can't be possibly just a random good thing. That's happening! No, no! No! No! No ela back up, no there's real money and real winners every day. So that's that. Another thing I want to announce before we get to the interview with william is that teddy fresh just came out with a new collection teddyfresh.com. Finally, the june look- and I have to say that I think this is probably our most refined drop ever we've been um working on some of these pieces for so long and then, especially with kovid. It all got delayed, so it feels really good to finally put something out and from now on, they're gonna keep coming. But this collection I feel like first of all, like we've, got the basketball jersey patchwork. I mean it just came out so beautiful. The shorts sandals are first shoes. We called them combat, ready, sandals, obviously you're gonna, wanna fight in the trenches with those things I wanna show the box that it comes in, because I thought oh here. Let me click it. Then, in that case comes with a freaking box. There you go eelo uh some. I saw some female demand for smaller sizes. We unfortunately didn't we didn't know how it was going to do, and so we didn't want to just make like so many sizes, because it's just kind of like a test run for us. So we will continue to make more and we will add more then that's true. You know we're working on a female collection, our first female colleague yeah. So in the future, there's going to be a lot more attention to our female to our beautiful female customers, our wonderful females that we love so much just enough, no, not like a weirdo, not too much yeah, not too much. So we've got this my mom, the patchwork. I love this shirt. Cam is a masterwork. I mean look at this unbelievable, a bandana giddy up, perfect timing for the uh face covering if you need a face covering a shirt with a pocket on it. We call this one and I have to say this is made. Probably our most comfortable t-shirt ever made it's just a beautiful shirt. Why I keep clicking wrong and it just I don't know how do you click wrong? It's all the grease on the uh track pad, I'm pretty sure see they don't know what you're yeah. I don't want to spoil anything. People stay tuned for the grease big ass, chenille hoodie bear scratch lots of striped tees. These are all super comfortable, super, great yeah, and so that is that that's our collection so head on over to teddyfresh.com, if you want to uh, buy some clothing with. That being said, let's jump right in to the show with william, oh and one more. This was actually I made it one time just for the podcast, like I um, I had this crew neck that I wore inside out and I just wrote hi mom on it. I don't know. If you remember I do. I just thought it was so funny that my mom will watch the podcast and she'll see him. Oh, I didn't realize it was for your mom, so that um started out this piece, which is was really fun to work on. It's reversible me open it up, hi, mom and then the back is by mom yeah and then, if you keep going down, this is basically the the normal side. If you flip it inside out yeah, you get two sides cabbage. It's like a two for one yeah, it's a great deal, I'm telling you um, so there you have it uh. Oh, I remember people in the comments being like. I want that high mom buy mom and then so we duplicated it. So it looked like her markers anyway yeah, so guys, let's get into today's episode with william and chelsea osman enjoy okay and with us today is william and chelsea osman joining us via gatsby. Oh god is your foot. Okay, it's loud yeah! They can hear it. It's just quiet for us. I mean that is a very american haircut. I will say it fits the aesthetic you nicked, your foot. Are you? Okay? Did it hurt? That was there? Don't worry leave this here? Yes, you could you want to back it out yeah, you can back it up. How are you doing chelsea this kind of abuse? Okay, there we go. It's not very cinematic when they have to back it out, it's like they they drive in and then they back it out. It's not very uh, and now they walk in hey, oh they're, back wow what an entrance! What an entrance! Thank you guys well what a pleasure, what a joy yeah is it too cold? We just fixed the ac yeah. Last week it wasn't working, I'm gonna turn it. I have a jacket you're in the coldest seat. I'm not gonna. Do that. I'm prepared to put a jacket like this last week. It was like a hundred degrees here, so um everybody. We are in close proximity and a closed room. I don't think this is uh recommended by health experts. I've been trying to figure out. How do you do any of this stuff now like? Well, we were tested recently yeah, and I know that uh you guys. Well, you definitely had kovid for sure yeah 100, william. I think you must have had it said I did, but you must have we got tested later with the the secondary test. We got him the antibody test when it was first available like the day it was available. We went and got the test um, and then we got the results back. The next day, mine came back positive. His was negative, but they also said this is not a very reliable test right. That's what I heard so dude you had yeah. You had covet we're going to definitely get him retested. Well, let me ask you this: during the period which you were sick or leading up to it a week, how much uh stuff was going on like like how bad it was it or no, I mean like the how cl what was the proximity of you you two guys I mean we were literally living in the same house. Yeah like right. Do the math you had to you. Have we held hands at least three times? We were definitely what they told me was well. They told me a lot of really strict things like can you guys use separate bathrooms? I said no we're remodeling our bathrooms. So, like that's going to help, they were really like. Okay, almost comical like they advised that they yeah, they said, use separate bathrooms and they said, and when you're in the bathroom don't use a hand towel put paper towels you throw away what don't share hand towels and I'm like- ah that's so sweet sure, but I'm like I wash my hand towels at least once a week, because I'm super like clean and ocd yeah. I have ocd whoa whoa once a week is not ocd no well compared to that. That's pretty normal yeah, but my my standards are very high to begin with so, and they told us to they said: can you sleep in separate rooms, and I said I was all for that. I didn't want to do this in new york. Don't they recommend to use a glory hole? Oh did you guys hear that? No, no, I swear to god yeah paul. Can you pull that up dan in new york uh? They said well, they first gave out their first release like a couple months ago and they said uh no [ __ ]. They said don't remember. They were like really all the things their conference. Yeah call like trying to figure okay: what's the public notice we put out and that comes up on the table, they put a lot of emphasis on ramming, but then they put out a new statement and they said we recommend putting a they said. Uh, the exact verbiage dam will pull up, but a wall, a wall between you, phil yeah, avoid kissing and obviously no like sexual activity, and I'm like I can't breathe everything hurts I'm tired. I have diarrhea um, that's not gonna, be a problem for me like yeah, that's okay, but I didn't feel like I wanted to sleep in a different room, because the only thing that made me feel like kind of better was like at least that I had my husband nearby and he was checking my breathing and stuff like that. Yeah was one where I like poked my head in the room because she she was going to bed much earlier, like sleeping half the day and kind of poke in I'm like oh she's, still breathing yeah she's breathing, then I would go back out and do whatever I was doing, because it definitely got to that point where, where I was sort of thinking like what do I do, I call like do I because you know like when do you go to the er when you cut your arm off when you're someone's unconscious and they hit their head against the wall but like in this case? Like I don't know like, do you wait until someone's like completely stopped breathing like? What's the you know? No one tells you they tell you not. You know to to be careful with [ __ ], but they don't tell you like at what point you call yourself. What's the point, do you go to the e? It was very early. You had it so early that while I was watching your video about it and it was, it was really frustrating I. I can only imagine what you guys felt going through it yeah I mean they told you. You guys went there to get tested for covet yeah and they told you that you didn't test for the flu. You were having flu-like symptoms, yeah and then there, instead of them being like. Oh you have covet. They said you have a cold yeah. Why well based on what? Why would they say that just based on it I mean honestly, I think it was so early. They had no information and I think they were afraid of giving information that then you could maybe use against them. Like. Oh, we told this person they might have covid, and then they didn't so they're going to come be angry. I think there was just a lot of fear. It was a lot of fear early, on which I felt a lot of fear too um once I knew I had it because I'm like is ever going to be mad at me, because the media was like attacking a lot of people unless you're a celebrity. It was a lot of negativity um. So it was. I I'm guessing that they were playing on that manner. The lady we had, though, when they tested me for the flu. She was very um angry. Very she didn't like william, oh yeah, why? What did you do? Oh yeah yeah. I mean that kind of makes sense, but yeah, but it's your wife. I know whose privacy are they protecting. I don't know right she, but I mean, after that she just sent like another person that was like. I want to verify that you're not feeling like. I was right. I was pleading when she was like just get it away from me. I just want to get tested, I feel so bad and he's like. I think he ended up putting it on this yeah yeah. That was good. It's important to document that I think so too, like yeah yeah. Why would you not you know? So if they were going to just say you had like at what point? Did they say yeah, you have coveted. You need to be careful and protect those around you yeah. Why did they come out in this hazmat suit and all this serious [ __ ], just to tell you, you had a cold right, it's stupid. It was and then I ended up getting the call from you know the person I got it from the next day, so we I got the flu test that saturday and then it was monday that I got the cove. The thing that was crazy to me is like we we're just we're lucky because she's a teacher right and so she's not in school. When this happened and like I don't I mean you know how it is when you make videos online, like you just stay home all day, yeah and so we're in a situation where it's like you get tested and they're like. Oh well, you probably have the cold but stay home just in case but like if someone told me how to I had a cold, and I had that, like I, you know, I got to pay my bills and go to work like yeah. I'm gonna go to work, yes and I'm going to pay my bills because I don't have it. Why would I act like I did you know unless someone for sure told me or they tested me for it, it seems unethical. It was bad. You know like in our situation. It wasn't that bad because we could deal with it, but in someone else's situation, they're just like no, I'm just gonna go work at you know wherever you work yeah and then my school also closed officially, so that that friday well, I started showing symptoms thursday night. I called out sick to work. It wasn't at work on friday. My school was closed. By monday I mean it was just like okay, we're shut down further notice and you know: keep post we'll keep you posted. Are they close? Are they still closed yeah? So technically, today's my last day of school um? Oh, congratulations! No! Wait! No uh 12. um! So I'm not so you you continue to get paid and is there any um? Is there any uh requests on your ti? Do they presume you to do any work, or are you oh yeah? Oh yes, oh they do. What kind of work are you doing we're still being paid full time, so we're still working full time, so it's called distance learning online distance learning, so I teach fifth grade so I was using google classroom. Google meets videos, some people are using zoom assigning work doing videos- oh, this is kind of like a free-for-all where they, like they're kind of like they sort of give you some guidance but they're for them. There was good luck, figure it out. It was just so quick though I mean how do you give guidance when we're at school on a friday come monday, we were like okay, now we're on this emergency. We have to follow the governor. We have to follow cdc. We have to follow ventura county public health um. You know all these different things like, depending on where you're at so it was immediate. My district, it was um. It was a little bit, I think, maybe easier, because we were about to go on spring break. So we had these weeks before to kind of prepare, and then we had two weeks spring break now. I worked during that time because you're contacting parents and you're emailing and you're texting you're getting all hours of the day, because because parents couldn't just change their schedule overnight, like okay, now I'm gonna change my work hours, so I can be a full-time at home. Apparently I mean it didn't work like that. So we worked the whole time and it was very uh, like the crazy part, is a lot of the because she's in like the lowest income district, like I don't know how they schedule that stuff and so like a lot of the kids. Don't have internet, oh wow yeah, so we had. That was a big thing again. That two-week spring break was great because we were able to get information gather who needs uh. You know hot spots, who doesn't it's like a logistical nightmare on top of just teaching the kids like there was so much stuff. I can't believe: there's kids in ventura county that don't have internet. Oh there's many many many wow yeah in my district alone. Yes, it was a huge and then we we gave them hot spots and there were still issues, because what happens when you have the hots is I mean you guys are all aware of it, but our families weren't. You know if you have brother streaming, netflix and sister playing video games and then the one kid that I have that's like trying to listen to class. All the stuff is being used and so they're like. I can't hear you you're breaking up, because all the internet's been used or all the bandwidth's been used that day. So it was a huge issue. That's why internet needs to be a yeah yeah, a uh, somewhat controlled. What do you call it utility? It should be edged pie, you [, __, ], us all. We were going, that's the fcc. They literally had to go to you know: networks like they didn't even use like the local internet providers like they went to a cell network, because that was like the easiest thing to do. Huh you know. Well now, some some cell phone company is like making a bunch of money off the district and we just collected them. That's what we were doing this week was collecting back technology, chromebooks, ipads hot spots and all that and our work we're frantically trying to figure out what are we going to do for next year? That's going to be better because this was we tried our best and that's better than nothing, but it wasn't the best and kids didn't receive as much equity as they should have, of course, yeah, and it wasn't anyone's intention. It was just you can't predict or control home lives, and you can't tell okay. I can see your brother in the background playing call of duty like what do you get? You can't go in there and get him with like oh yeah. Well I mean it's a pretty good use of the hospital. I know yeah, I mean that's a hard argument. Today. Okay, I was required to do an hour and a half. They had to have an hour and a half of work, and this was like mandated by you know the state like okay, this age should be doing this much so they could have waited to do that well to uh to backtrack a little bit. I do have the uh guidelines from new york city regarding sexual activity, yeah yeah. So take note, because this applies to all of us, make it a little kinky, they say, be creative with sexual positions and physical barriers, like walls [Laughter] that allow sexual contact, while preventing close face-to-face contact. Is that why the lines at home depot were so long, just a ton of drywall everyone's got like this dude. I gotta be honest. There's literally nobody doing that right, no [, __ ] throw a hole. Absolutely not! I will not no, not because of that. They were already doing it if they were doing it exactly yeah. If that was someone's, you know desire that wouldn't happen before cut a couple of holes. Oh my goodness um! So so tell me what was the I mean? Do you feel you fully recovered from covet because yeah at this point I do I feel, like I have a hundred percent lung capacity. You know my muscles like no fatigue, all that, but what really kicks your butt the like for is. It takes a long time to get back to your normal lung capacity, so the the first two weeks were severe and then the next two weeks you're just trying to cooperate like the night, where I was like poking my head in to see if she was still breathing, which sounds pretty bad uh. That was, it was immediately better after that, like the next day was it was because it had kind of progressed to like, I want to say, like maybe half lung capacity where she was like that's bad, you know, and then it would like be painful and then the next day would just get you know it. Would it was better? Did you take any medicine where you just saw nyquil or anything? They said they didn't know? No, they just I'm like looking at it ibuprofen. No, they said, don't take ibuprofen. No, they told me I couldn't. I remember their flip-flopping, but then they called them and said it's okay. If I take them they're like yeah, there's there's thumbs up what the [ __ ] do. We know yeah you have a cold but yeah I tried taking. Instead of I think I tried taking tylenol, so I think they said. Don't take tylenol anything really the tylenol. I would take because I was taking ibro and it would give me some relief from the severe body pain, because that was the worst part of me, and so I tried the tylenol when there was like some studies coming out and I had zero res. I'm like I feel just as bad, so I switched back to ibuprofen. I don't really care if they say it's bad. It gives me relief, so I can kind of function somewhat. So I could sleep. That was what it was. I couldn't sleep because I was in so much pain, but if I could take ibuprofen, I could get myself into a position and actually fall asleep. Gotta take it yeah, so I did good and then they came out. You know a week later: okay, yeah, no ibuprofen's, fine, it's you can take it. So do you know how you caught it? Yeah how'd, you catch it. So I caught it um from my therapist, so I was at an appointment uh with her uh monday, the 9th and we're in a you, know her office. She has two couches, I didn't. We don't shake hands. We don't hug anything like that. She opens the door wow sat down. We had an hour long session. Of course this was before we had guidelines. You guys were probably even further away than we are now. Oh yeah. Definitely by far and um, you know having a normal hour-long session talking. You know normally, like you do um and then she opens the door. I mean the payment's electron every there's. No touching! That's incredible that it's that contagious, that just sitting across you guys are probably six feet apart. I mean you, don't see it that close right right, no yeah! It was probably, I would say approximately. Maybe like the closed room, you found out that she had it. So she contacted she somehow was able to get tested like I think she had a friend or something that where she was able to like force herself to get tested, she's also a force to be reckoned with. You're, not gonna. Tell her no she's gonna get things done well, she's she's knows what she's doing and she's a professional, and she knows that I've seen many patients. She had to force her getting a test and then once she had it and she got the results which was you know? What's that a week or something, then she calls all the clientele and says you have, and then we tried to get tested. That's no! No that was, we tried to get tested. They tested me for the flu, and I found out two days later from her that she was positive. We went to urgent care without knowing anything, then her therapist called her and then we went and said. Like she's, a teacher she's just been at school she's been in contact and I called my primary yeah. Then they said: okay, we'll do it wow. You basically had to have like almost guaranteed early on. You had to have people yeah with someone who was positive. They wouldn't test you that's so so what do you think about the situation now? As someone who's been through it, I mean the early. The early reaction that our government had was was obviously uh yeah a tragic it's a conflict of interest right because like if you react too strong, I I think the problem in general, like it's really sad because, like I've described this to people that, like humans, are really good at analyzing situations at certain time, scales right so like if you're like dealing something really fast, it's hard to deal with. If you're dealing with something like in the seconds range, it's pretty easy to deal with when you're dealing with something on like the really long time range. You think that it would be even easier to deal with, but it's actually the opposite. So it's like the government has to make a choice about what they think is going to happen and if, if it works and they made the right choice, nothing happens, but people lose the feeling of concern and then they get mad at the choice and so there's no feedback that validates the correct decision right, they're, calling it like yeah everyone's feeling, fatigued from isolating right and it just you know, people begin to feel like we're being suppressed as opposed to. We are taking action to prevent something from happening, and so it's like very difficult to kind of recognize that it did do anything yeah. I heard so it's very frustrating and it's also hard for people. If they don't know someone personally it's hard for them. It just feels so I mean my brother told me he was at the grocery store. Even this was less than a month ago, and the guy behind him in line was just like. Oh yeah, this is being blown on proportion. I don't know anyone, that's had it. This is, and my brother turned around was like um, my sister had it. So can you like shut it while you're in public right now, because I find what you're saying really offensive and incorrect and you know dangerous to be talking like that, and the guy was like. Oh I'm, you know I'm sorry right, but that's going around constantly yeah, it's turned into a political issue, which is so weird because I mean this is just a public health issue, the whole thing about wearing masks and people. We did a whole segment here where there was people who were crying because they couldn't go into a grocery store without a mask right and um, and it's just so bizarre we're so bizarre. We have you know like family in other parts of the country who, who kind of act like that too, and it's just like they're just getting bad information. That's like that's. The kind of person that you can sort of reason with and have a discussion is also usually not the person that behaves like that like. How are you supposed to have? How are you supposed to like? Have you know like a debate where maybe somebody learns something or thinks about something, a different way? It's bad info dude! There's nothing to do! That's that's kind of the problem, but look at this [ __ ]. I just want to show you guys because I've been following this very closely. I don't know if you can frequent this website, yeah yeah. I love this and how ours is uh, plateaued and then increasing mm-hmm. Here we pull up, then you look at other colors yeah. All the other countries are like down here: italy, china, south korea, japan all the countries that had a bad outbreak in america baby. We are crushing it yeah. By the way. This is the news. This was expected: [, __, ] off with all these pop-ups. So here's the thing this was expected to drop off in the summer, because everybody's outdoors and the virus doesn't do well outdoors and in the sun, and then it was it will get rid of it and yeah it will magically disappear. And so, and so we were expected to really have a total drop-off during the summer and then a resurgence during the fall right, but because people are literally not everyone's just back to life as usual, you can see now in still in june, we're almost back up to our peak numbers. 27, 000 and trying to reopen just seems impossible, because you have this and so plans are like. Okay, we have a stage one two, three, four, five we're getting up to those stage. Three four and we're gonna have to go backwards and say: oh yeah, schools, we're planning on four scenarios for the fall, which is going to be 100, distance, learning, 50, 25 or normal, which is like that's a hail mary, that's not going to happen, but we have to be ready because we don't know with numbers. What we'll be able to do? You guys are like the military you've got like strategies right. It's insane. We have a lot of library like they have to figure out you guys. We got to put you teachers in charge of everything man, because you know what about when this happened: teachers overnight or like we're doing online, and I'm not saying that it went great, but at least it was better than okay parents. You have your kids now for an extra four months at least we just and teachers overnight. This happened I mean I was sick with coronavirus, writing lesson plans watching youtube videos getting ready, gearing up. I mean thank you for your service. I've complained about it. Thank you like the older teachers who have trouble logging into their email and stuff. So like now, imagine that's true yeah. Well, that's true! There's a lot of old teachers right they've really been trying they're great people, you know, but they you're. Not they don't understand zoom. Then it puts like a burden on her. You know when she's trying to help other people- oh [, __, ] yeah. I feel really bad for the kids, because it's it's such a weird environment for them it's so especially, and they have all this energy and they need to get out and do so. Yeah and they're gonna learn like they're gonna grow up, especially these little ones like no, no don't touch don't share. When that's what we teach in school, you learn social cues and how to get along and how to be fair. And how to you know all these things that you're going. How do we do that with distancing and to be? How do we teach you know? Safety and health is important, but right all these other things, and when does all the like the sort of new rules and stuff go away like when is it sort of safe? I mean look at like all the 911 stuff, where you're still it's very difficult to try to go back years years years, because everyone's scared, you know like, even if you technically don't- need it anymore, everybody's, like afraid to make a decision yep and we're creating a lot of anxiety and kids and, of course, adults, but the kids, because they don't know how to differentiate and kind of compartmentalize. Okay. Well, these are the things where I need to these are things like it. The social emotional issues have skyrocketed in districts. I mean, I know how my school's been affected, how my grade level my students, that is huge, and we already we have one counselor at our school of over 700 kids wow. You know and the issues now every year have been increasing with this they're going to skyrocket. Well, we have one counselor and we might be losing funding. I mean it's just these are things that wait you're, losing funding, why their potential for what, for just for a budget cut or something else, yeah yeah. So please call your congress. Is it? Is it who's? Cutting the budget, the state or the federal government, both yeah, so calling into both both have colluded to cut funding further from schools. There's because we've been in declining enrollment, we've had like in california, specifically we've had declining enrollment, so there's been a lot of budgetary issues, so this year alone we had to cut two and a half million from my district, and I'm not you know our district's, not alone in this we're potentially gonna have to cut eight million next year. If people don't call, I mean we've been doing campaigns all called it's already affecting like our health insurance and everyone else's health insurance yeah. Our our health insurance already is going up like we just got an official email from our. You know, superintendents last night and they're like we want to keep negotiating, but as of right now. This is what here's our cap here you know. That's crazy is not that much when you consider the entire budget of the federal and state government. How is that not a priority million this year resulted in cutting 30 jobs and we were super lucky to get a huge retirement um. You know initiative, so we had a lot of retirees, so only nine teachers, you know in our district- got laid off, but it's gonna be they'll, spend a bunch of money because it's more efficient to try to get rid of like the the high end, the guys who are getting paid more yeah like if you can get them to retire early by incentivizing them, then that will sort of school should be flush with money and then next year we're going to need more people, we're going to need more councils, we're going to need more nurses, we're going to need smaller settings and then you're going to cut our budget. I mean I don't know every time we do taxes, it's like that, little form of like uh, how much money for teachers did you spend this year and you get up to 250 dollars off and it's like? Oh yeah yeah. I don't know it's comical yeah and I actually don't even know how much money she spends. She has to spend a lot of time. Oh yeah, you know what's funny and trump's uh his his tax cut bill. He limited the amount of money teachers can deduct for [ __ ] supplies they buy more than 200, it's less yeah. It was well before you could deduct anything. You wanted as a business expense. Correct me if I'm wrong. No, I think it was. It was a tuner. There was a little. Otherwise there was a limit. So is it less than that? 250.? Oh, it's yeah! It's it's insane, and this is a district where, like you know, the families are really poor, and so you have to either fight the school for stuff like which could even include like you know, sometimes paper and things like that. Um paper, you get so much. It's like you're, you're, you're you're for the year, your budget for the year. If you go over it cleaning supplies like clorox, wipes and stuff. Well, we're technically not allowed to have those in our room yeah, but sometimes you gotta, you get clorox. I do, though, because we eat breakfast in our classrooms, so yeah. Those are like very I'm also in the union. So I probably I know a lot more yeah, I'm very active in our union but yeah. Well, it's basically, everybody spends their own money like you have to, because if you just need something well like I'm not going to try to like waste a bunch of time. Well, it's a good thing. You are highly paid. Isn't that [ __ ] up that in america they they they count on the general these people, like you, caring about the kids more than they do about their own. Like that yep, I help her all the time. Yeah you, you can't solve all the problems and, at the end of the day, like you can't have a perfect solution. You just have to have the best solution and you're not gonna, like save everyone. You're not gonna, like you're, always gonna have those troubled kids that you know cause you. You know the most grief that you feel bad of, like you can't help them almost. What do we do? This is not okay, I feel, like I don't know like. Do we take, do you think, taking money from the police and putting it towards school and community things, yes, yeah, yeah and and and like education after school programs, mental health that cuts down on crimes all of that yeah they're solving the problem right now I can have in my classroom with with about 30 kids. Approximately four of them are able to get into the free program after school, because it's so the limited space dude crime will definitely go down with after school. That's proven and put them in and offer sports with. Why do you need to pay to put your kid in soccer? No way are you? Are you telling me that after school programs are better for society than police tanks correct you telling me you're, going to take tanks away from the police? Take the tanks away, take all their extra like shields and weapons. Whatever you give all these fancy. Well, hang on! That's a terrible one! [Laughter]! Are you telling me that police don't need grenade launchers? They do not. I think the kids should have the crate yeah, let's at least share those would have loved this. As a child, he was always a mad scientist yo our country is so [ __ ] in the ass. It's there's a, I think, there's this is so bad. It's really bad. It's terrible and- and it's really difficult to try to explain these things to people who are so against. Like they're, like you're, gonna, defund, the police, we're gonna, know police officers, it's gonna be so dangerous. I feel like it's not we're just taking some tanks away, we're just we're cashing in tanks for some paper like and coaches- and you know I can be like teachers. I would be at least if I can do an after school I'll, be a coach, I'm not great, but it's better than nothing and, of course, the better. You know the better train. We have the you know here. You want to hear how pe works. Gosh, yes, I'd love to. I mean pe physical education. Do they? What is that? What about yeah? They have one pe teacher for, like the entire district specialist that comes once a week. It's a program, it's a great great program. If you can get it all the time, it's called sparks pe and it's like an acronym, it's wonderful, but we get her once a week, but there's other people, so I changed well. She had you yeah, I teach pe, but you also teach other things or I'm a multiple subject, so I teach everything in elementary school really. So just imagine like I teach pe those are mandated minutes. Other teachers teach right it's sort of like subjected to like who the teacher is they're, just like everybody teaches pe here right and some teachers might do less than others, and so it's you know yeah and some teachers, because it takes time right. So it's like if you're behind on other stuff, like pe, is the thing that you're gonna forget about, and now you have all these budget cuts like. Is that person even going to be able to give the kids like it's? Not even you once a week right. It's like the school gets it once a week, so you have to trade. It's my grade level gets it one week of the year. Oh that's it's like. Why do you even having what one week of the year my grade level gets it one week of the year, because she goes to all the schools in the district and she's doing the same thing. So she has her schedule is full the beginning of the year one week at this goal and this grade one we get the she's doing all the districts, and this is like when you do like the big like, like a flappy tarp thing right: the cool fun stuff, yeah the parachutes and like they're, really fun like where you have the hula hoops or you have the the fuzz balls, the kind of thing that makes kids like excited to come to school, yeah and she's. Awesome um, and I just I know that other districts have that program. You know they get it every week every single week, but it's all about monies and funding and when we're looking at our budget of like they do that every week with a freaking club, some districts do if they have more money, which is just from property tax right, more affluent area. And then you get donation, there's all kinds of ways that you can kind of. You know make the numbers work. Unfortunately, we have other priorities in our district that come first and yeah. If we lose more and every year we're like losing more budget, we haven't even recovered from the 2008 recession at schools, and now we're going to be, you know, losing money again. We haven't even brought back all the arts programs, all the music programs. It's like they're, starting to slightly come back just a little snippet, a little taste, a little little dab of it, and it's just you know potentially going to go away again and people are like what keeps kids in school music art sports. You know all the things that I remember in middle school, where you went to bel boa. Where would you have gone to middle? Yes, okay, that's where I went. I went to cabrillo balboner yeah. What do they call cabrillo? What did I do? Balboa was the [ __ ]. I didn't think about cabrillo. I just thought they're all weirdos. I was closer to them. That was like a thing, though, like there was nicknames for all the middle schools, yeah and a crappa. Isn't it so weird like in ventura, there was like two competing high schools yeah, and I thought I went to uh uh buena yeah. How do you forget that dude, it's been [, __ ], so long bro, oh my god, and then what was the other one? Uh ventura? That's where you went? No, I well that's where I was supposed to go. They built a magnet school. Oh you went to the what was that called yeah foothold, and then you were the dragon. So here so I thought the ventura kids were so weird. It's like a bizarro. You yeah, you guys fans of seinfeld. You know the bizarro seinfeld episode, it's like that and then foothill was just a bunch of weirdos yeah that one yeah. That was true. We were the ones I mean our mascot was a dragon though. So it's pretty cool. I remember feeling that way about kids from other schools. Yeah, it's like just rained in you. Now you see them. You like see them on the streets and you're. Like we would have buena nerd days like they'd, have bueno nerd days or ventura like, depending where you went, and even at foothill the magnet school, because I did sports that when I did, I did tennis I was terrible, but you could dress up for nerd days and you picked what school. So I would dress up as a buena nerd and other people would dress up. Why would you do that? Because that's rude, because I did that you know all those things it's like it's just in great and that's the school's encouragement. It's so funny, though, how, like the tribalism like, I played water polo in high school and we, when we competed against ventura, was like these [ __ ]. I don't know you actually want to hurt you yeah. It's gonna be a dirty game. Oh yeah, they are, but they make you check your like nails and stuff because yeah my cousin she's on the girls water, polo team at ventura and they check your nails, but they don't check your toenails and she's like oh, my gosh, just really some of the stuff I've heard her say how old does she know? Oh how 13 no she's, not 13. she's, going into her junior year. I've heard like she said, like some of these people are just nasty yeah underwater like trying to draw each other yeah yeah yeah. Well, so one of the things is they pull the speedos off yeah a lot of water. Polo players will wear multiple speedos. So it's like you can't lose your trunks and then another thing they do is like. If someone's swimming in front of you, you grab their leg and try to pull them underwater, but it's like. Then you get into the mind games where, if somebody's behind you, then you pretend like they grabbed your foot like a professional soccer player. It's all part of the game- oh my god yeah, but it's it's pretty we gotta go to dan. Was that a sound bite, because it was very quiet, it was a sound bite, but it was that. Can you play it again? Oh so sorry to interrupt. We got to go to break okay, all right. We are going to throw it to a quick break when we come back. There is more william and chelsea osman, you poop you wash you dry. It's a three-step process. Tushy is in the business of blasting ass with water. Wiping your butt with dry toilet paper does not remove all the [ __ ]. I love this copy uh. If you got poop on any other part of your body, would you just wipe it off in dry paper? That's a really good point. It is such a good water cleans way better than dry paper. My friends, thankfully there's now a sleek bidet attachment that clips onto your existing toilet sprays, your butt completely clean with fresh water, and it's called tushy, and it's the best thing you could do for your butt tushy sprays directly to at your ass and removes the poop completely. So you aren't sitting on bacteria that leads to nasty things like hemorrhoids, yeast infections, utis or itchy, buttholes or skid marks. If you're a grown man with skid marks and itchy [ __ ], you need toshi, because you ain't, cleaning, right buddy but days are common in the rest of the world. A bidet saves you money on toilet paper and you uh, if you still maybe a little toilet paper, but it's a very negligible amount. I'm talking a roll will last you a lifetime. A dab will do you. It won't clog your toilets until she sprays your ass with fresh water, it's not toilet water. It connects to the water supply behind your toilet to spray your dirty parts with clean, fresh water. It's the same water. You brush your teeth with guys, you guys come on. Wet wipes are worse than toilet paper, as we've learned on the show, they're terrible for the environment and they cause anal fissures. I don't want my anus fissuring. Do you oh and here's the best part? It's only 79! Why aren't you guys trying the miracle of tushy 79? Helps you get everything out? It's like a sexy, oh and then they have an ottoman as well, which apparently helps. If you put your feet up, it helps [ __ ]. It helps get everything out. It's a sexy tooth or cloud that helps you. Poop they've described it as, and it's only 69 as well, so not bad. So if you want, you got to get those tushies boy go to hellotushy.com h3h3 to get 10 off your order. Hellotushy.Com h3h3! This video is brought to you by ridge, wallets, it's a light, sleek and industrious beautiful wallet for the new age, no longer in the world of costanza walls, huge bulgy walls, you put it in your back pocket. It messes up your posture. It gives you back pain, I mean, frankly speaking, who can tolerate a huge chunk of crap in their pocket? That's where ridge comes in practically indestructible: sleek! Wonderful! It's got it's it look it's the future! Now it doesn't fold or awkwardly bulge and it seriously changed the whole pocket situation. Zach tell me about how much you love ridge and I'm not even putting I don't mean to put you on the spot, but you've been you've been raving about it. I can't express to you enough how much I love this wallet go on like it's a it's amazing. It's game, changer like it's, not just bsing like it really is sleek, and you know it's not super profound in your pocket right. It's not super profound in your pocket. Look it's it's! It's just genius! You got the money clip! Yes, I am rich how much money I got here. Five and a couple of ones loaded. You got the money clip and then here they've got this really slick design. I don't want to show my credit cards like I did last time we had the blurred out, but the credit cards can you show yeah? You could see it on the back huh. Hopefully I didn't show it they. Just some internet sleuth is going to decrypt my card numbers from the back. They just slide in and then there's a there's a little button here. They pop right out. It's like I mean come on, who you kidding, you barely notice it uh most people are using wallets designed in the 90s carrying old receipts gift cards. Hotel keys. Give me a break here. Are the features that you need to know about. It holds up to 12 cards plus room for cash, there's over 20, colors and styles, including carbon fire and burnt titanium. I, like my titanium burnt. I don't know about you. I really love it and don't take my word for it. It's got. Thirty thousand five star reviews. It's made of durable material, which means each wallet comes with a lifetime warranty. You could buy this one wallet and carry it for life. The rich team is so confident that you'll like it that they'll, let you test, drive it for 45 days and you can send it back for a full refund. If you don't love it wow, that's putting your money where your mouth is. So we've got an offer for my dudes here, get 10 off today with free, worldwide shipping and returns by going to ridge.com h3, that's ridge.com h3 for 10 off today. So we have uh discussed many important things, yeah we're I'm going to move on to something even more important. First of all, we have first. This hits two two issues, one being that we discuss bad tattoos. It looks like worms. Doesn't it yeah? It does not look like beef or ela. What is how does this rate and by the way explain what's beef and ched now ched now? Is that a thing? No, it's like he's saying like I'm gonna have one now and I'm gonna have one later because you could get the two for once like here now. No, I don't god. No I'm not! I don't know he doesn't. Have any tattoos wait. Wait, wait so who's. What I retweeted wait, wait wait. Did you think this is explain, no but explain the text? I thought it was going to say for some reason I was looking at him in chad now, what does that mean? Oh, it means he buys two beers. He eats one now and eats it later. Oh dude. Why? Because they're always like a two for one yeah, so you guys do go to arby's a lot. No! No do not no, I do not know about the two for one special, because that's him so tell me about arby's. I don't eat at arby's or go there. He will drag me in there, so he can get something and then you won't even eat one right there. No, I don't eat, I don't eat beef wow, oh yeah, or pork she's. Chill. I'm lactose intolerant though so pita doesn't like meat, but isn't it kind of good you just [ __ ], it all out another day to be a little bit cracked pill, but it still is like it's a. I wish that when I eat pizza I just die. Read it all out awesome! It's awesome. I don't know. What's the problem, my favorite kind of pizza right like there's like one called mediterranean and it's like yeah pesto, it's [, __, ], crazy. She doesn't like pizza yeah, I don't like meat or anything on it. So and I don't care about me I'll eat pretty much anything yeah yeah! That's my problem! Yeah! I want to eat it. So tell me you really genuinely love arby's, I l arby's is. I feel the same way about mcdonald's as I do arby's like it's just another fast food place. I just think that it's arby's is kind of a meme like they've got their giant hairstyle like they're, really good at [ __ ] posting on twitter. Have you ever seen someone do that with a big mac? No, no. I mean there's like there's a special there's, a culture. There's a culture behind arby's. Well, have you heard about the meat mountain? I think I have? Is it like the everything bring it in? No, are you kidding me yeah? You actually did. Let me tell you the lore, the meat mountain lore, oh I'm about as excited right now, so they sent a box and I was speculating that they had arby's hats in the box and when I opened the box and there were arby's hats, I was incredibly excited and I'm about the same level excited right now, oh gosh, is it christmas or hanukkah yeah? It's it's both, oh, that he loves the horsey sauce this one's for me yeah. Now let me give you a little background on the on the meat mountain. So zach our sound guy smaller than I thought it would be he's a meat boy smaller by the way I could smell this when we walked in on the morning like the whole building smells like arby's meat mountain, it's just so much meat mountain. So we had to find a sphere. It does not look like that. We had to find a special location. This does not serve that every arby's. No apparently they smoke their 13, their brisket for 13 hours. They fooled me they could have just put diarrhea on here, so why? I don't understand why it has to be a special arby's, because only the ones that are trying to make it right right. It's a special uh, that's right! It needs special training and I I should say when zach came in he he said when he went and ordered it today, uh when he asked for it, they laughed at him why they just found their menu. Why did they laugh at you? They laughed at me, they're, like oh man. This is gonna hold up our line like oh, my gosh. Oh, don't sell it. I have a question: how much does it cost uh for two sandwiches? It was twenty one dollars. I don't know, that's a lot of calories, that's probably your calories for the for two days, yeah like a human would need so cheers. What's going on with the collars, it's like tie dye burger, it's art, it's because the roast beef is like part of it is gray and that's what I'm like. I just don't understand. It just looks so repulsive you don't like gray beef. I don't eat beef. I haven't eaten gray with like a little bit of green and some really burgundy. Also it's going to be all in his beard. Oh put some horsey sauce on that's the best part yeah. So let me give you the background here. Zach, the sound lab was talking about how he loves darby. Sorry, what can I do? It's just? No! No! You can continue so great, so we're like and he loves horsey sauce, especially I do too yeah one. Can you crack me open one of those? Will you consume one? Can we talk about how you're supposed to open packets? How do you open packets? I mean I just crack the [ __ ], I just crack it I like to. He can, if you pinch the corner, because what chelsea does is she'll just like tear it like that yeah! That's where you out, it just gets all over the top right, but you have to so. What are you supposed to do off? This is my strategy. If you grab it kind of like right, where the corner's sticking out a little bit, you can just uh air the corner off you're too smart. Look at that. You know it. Just comes out. We've been together for like over eight years, every single time where some he gets. He says this to me every single time. I haven't changed my ways. So it's genius, but I don't know that I will do it yeah yeah, because when you're hungry you just get it open, it's like you, don't want to you guys, don't want a bite of this. No, no! I don't eat. I don't eat mountains. I don't um, it's so gross. Oh horsey! Sauce really brings it together. Oh god, this backstory is out. Zach was pretty much our garbage disposal. The mac could eat anything. We brought the meat mountains in am zach. What was your experience, because I I was surprised, go ahead, zach tell the story. Well, I I ate it. You know and the whole thing I uh yeah yeah yeah. I ate the whole thing. Are you kidding me or did that happen? Wait when was that today? No? No! No! No! This was uh months ago, yeah yeah, so I ate it and it just killed. My [ __ ] stomach yeah like like. I did not [ __ ] right for like a week. Yeah I mean, even if you like, I think any meat in this quantity would probably you know what are they called the meat sweats yeah yeah right? I had that hardcore. There's eight types of meat in it yeah that sounds about right. Oh my gosh, you host all the what I don't support this behavior. Oh on the website. I noticed it it's going to be changing to diapers, it's just nutritional info, but um. If you go to their nutritional info, they don't actually list it. They're they're hiding it because I want to know how many calories yeah yeah. I really want to know the calories I followed them. I don't want to know because I wanted to know, and it's they don't tell it. I would guess it's like five thousand it just like. So basically, you just need to look at like five or eight sandwiches and add them up. Wait: meat mountain's, not even on here. That's that's what I'm saying it's not listed! Oh well! What are you doing? Obviously, that's! That's not great! It's the meat mountain, that's a good sign it destroyed. Zach zach could not reach the summit of meat mountain. No. This is not a good use of money. You should spread it out over a couple beef and cheddars. I still love my horsey sauce though yeah sauce is the best. So I I'm undefeated, though I will say that I reached the summit I looked down. I took a diarrhea on it and I and I descended last time that you ate one of these ethan it triggered. You went vegan for a month. You actually you ate one of these before that's true. Yeah literally triggered you to go vegan. I went vegan for a month because of how bad it is literally. This was the last meet I ate and now look where I'm right back where I started putting the bread on this is a joke like why even bother like it's just me. It's so high yeah, exactly just so that you're, so you don't want to be less right. Yeah! You don't exactly see this woman understand something kind of like putting napkins on top of it. The meat to bread ratios like it's, not the bread is helping you it does. I think you need a shower after this. That's true, but it would be even worse. Hey does it come with wet wipes, no, no wet wipes yeah. This is something that should come with wet wipes, so I've pretty much eaten like half of this yeah. I'm I've taken a couple bites. I just I know it's gonna happen. If I take too many more bites, I'm out I'm gonna, I'm gonna. Take this with me, though yeah I'm gonna. This might take a couple days to get through. Oh my gosh, because I didn't have any smell, but I really don't smell. What are you doing? Oh my god, it doesn't know dynamite. No, no, no! No! No! There's! No way it fits in a box. Bro you're like putting tater tots in your fanny pack, all right, oh you're, so stupid. You got to send you to like a petting zoo with the meat mountain in your pocket or something tiger. King soup. All right did you now speaking. You know, you know how the tiger attacked uh the homeboy. What what's his name? I forgot him. You mean that on the show that was confusing because the whole show they like refer to her, but then you learn after the fact that it's he during tiger king sorry, oh the one who got the arm bitten off, that retirement is safe. I was referring to the main guy exotic joe when he went in the cage and he got attacked. Remember yeah. Do you think somebody put something on the shoe like he, oh like sardine, or what was it yeah sardine oil fish oil, because they were just tired of him and wanted him to get smacked? They wanted him. Okay, I'm gonna go on. A limb is like. If you deal with tigers every day, like you're gonna, have an experience where they just bound to happen. Yeah like didn't. He claim that was the only time ever that, like something had happened like he. I think he said something stupid like that, where that was, I don't believe, half the stuff that guy was saying yeah, you don't believe joe exotic. The thing is that show everyone on that show was guilty. Yes, except for maybe like a couple of the the people that were actual like animal caretakers or veterinarians, who genuinely were there to just care for them yeah, and even they were still somewhat complicit, because they knew that these animals were being abused yeah and they didn't go, do you know, do they're like well, I gotta at least help them, but it's like, I feel like nobody on that show. No one was in this: no, no, no, no everyone yeah like it's just you know, except netflix, right like it's, I mean we watched everything. We watched it over what a couple days, yeah yeah. I think I was ready to watch in a whole day and boy made me stop. I was like I can't do this all in one sitting like this. I could do it. It was fascinating because this is the most like crazy. No, no. This is the crazy thing yeah, then that homeboy shows up from las vegas and steals it. It's so weird, and it's like how much of it is. You know and the way he treated his wife. You know what I'm saying like you know how it is like when you're making content, you know like they're, trying to tell a story. So it's like who knows what they're omitting and how they're like yes, of course, right yeah and it builds a stronger picture in people's heads. You know, because maybe somebody was speculating, but they just show the part where they like say it right right, you lose the speculation, and so you think they take it more seriously, they're all crazy and they should all be in jail. Can you tell me what tick-tock was erased of yours? Because I only saw this they put it back. It was me I I made it look like. I kicked my cat, oh they're, like I'm dancing like walking with some weird music, and then I like kick and then my cat. I replaced them with a black t-shirt and then you see me kick the t-shirt and like it's super, it's like the joke. Where you put like your hamster, I think filthy frank. Does you put the hamster in the sock and then you like cut and you smash it against the wall? It's like they got it. It's clearly fake yeah. Well, I'm glad you're restored and justice was provided, took a bit of fighting. You are pretty active on tick tock. I don't really. I feel like a bit of a boomer when it comes to tick-tock what is going on there. We they they want more, like science, stuff and so they're they're having us make you're in you're in touch with tick-tock, oh yeah, so we have an obligation to make like 40 tick, tocks, I'm like halfway done, and I have like a like a week and a half left to finish them. Wow, there's like a couple of other how's it going. It's not great. I don't really understand like it's hard to tell it seems like you're getting good engagement or maybe those are just the ones they show yeah, but you don't get to see the behind the scenes where he's like banging my head against the wall, trying to figure out because it's like 40 science tickets yeah because they like. I want them to be good, and I want them to like. You know, be like interesting or educational, but the problem is like when you sort of try to make something educational. It takes a lot of work and yeah everybody watches, and then you get like 40 of them right. And so it's like, how do you you know you have to like demonstrate something but like, and what sells on tick tock, no you're gonna dance. I could. I was thinking she wants. Why not that face yeah? How do you make dancing scientists, not young and then a bikini right? I don't. I don't have to post educational ones, but then I still have to fulfill those later yeah. So it's like I can like the cat kicking one is in the science project, so you need to do 40, science yeah. So I've done a bunch. That's cool, though, that that's that's a nice gig they're easy to do the ones with the cat, because he's entertaining and cute it's it's just like you know, with all the other stuff going on like moving plus having to make normal videos too, which I've not been doing. Why don't you just copy all the other science ones? I could do that, but even then like even they put a lot of work into it. It's not easy to copy. Oh that's! [ __ ] up, like you, know, buy a bunch of stuff and like prep it and like tick. Tock is trying to get some science. Actually I agree. That's a I'm impressed yeah cause. I was wondering: how does anyone even make money from this? How is this worth anyone's time? I don't think you do like. You have to figure it out externally, right. You know, kids are finding success and then there's nothing there and they're just like what do I do right youtube or go somewhere else. I see, I think they have live streaming and people can pay you they can donate while you're streaming. Oh, but I don't know, okay, there's a tick. Tock is interesting though, like at first I wrote it off completely, but there's actually a lot of weird strange, interesting stuff on there. Yeah there's, for example, a whole genre of old people which fascinates me, because these are the type of people that I assume barely know how to use email. Yet they're like lasting right through tick, tock yeah, I'm not a fan of tick tock. So I'm definitely in that yeah. I think I thought it was not too much social media like I'd, really try to limit social media. I don't need to be on and then I'm a teacher. So every time, if I have anything I just get kids requesting me over and over so I'd limit. I know. Oh, that's, okay. She spends like three to four hours a day on tech. Talk like just yeah. That doesn't surprise me. It's crazy! It's very popular! It's like psychologically, like almost addicting, because you can like a lot of times. What will happen is someone will send the tick tock and then, when you open the app it'll open like it'll just load, it differently just goes forever and then you have to go back and click the link again and then it'll load, the tic tac. They sent you, but then you like once you watch that you sort of like oh, what's the next one and then you're like, oh god, you're back in that the platform is really it's. What you'd say it is watch and what you skip and then it curates like a ruler right. So when he was trying to do some like research on it, it was like. Oh, my gosh, what I was like glance, I'm like what are you looking at and like? Oh, this is tick-tock. I was looking at like 13 year olds. I'm like this looks really fun. Honestly man, it's it's terrifying. This stuff terrifies me like. I have family friends who have kind of gone down that rabbit hole a little bit. Oh, not tick-tock, but you can see like the social media. I don't. I don't know why people don't talk more about like the damage that I think a lot of the social media causes like and sort of like recognizing the pattern like if you find you know someone on tick-tock who has success. You know like who's attractive in a bikini like dancing around you, go click on the profile and go all the way down to the bottom and look at where they started and sort of the progression that led them to that point, and what like? I have a screenshot on my phone of this one girl who has like you know normal tik-tok, normal tic toc, and they each have like a couple hundred couple thousand views and there's one with three hundred thousand views and it's like. What do you think is the difference between them. What is she learning and what's the feedback that tells you? Oh, this is what I need to do to get more engagement at the end of the day. Like you get nothing out of it, you just feel like better about yourself, because you have more likes and comments and plays and stuff. But then it's like you do a normal one and it doesn't do well and you feel bad about yourself like you're. It's a trap. It's literally and you get nothing and you're setting yourself up just to feel bad about yourself and it's just they all start out normal and it's like oh dancing or this or that and then it turns into bikinis, and you know, on the beaches. I've seen so many with bikinis lately, and it is it's. He showed me because I was like this is just so sad and I mean I'm looking at I'm like these are like little little kids yeah. I don't even go on tick-tock, but we got a couple of requests like because of teddy fresh, sometimes they'll contact us like hey. Do you want to send us stuff like the influencer will wear it? And then I check the profile and it's like just a girl in bikini, and it's like well she's, not even going to wear it right right, yeah she's, going to like make a little hat. Well, I yeah all the really popular people like I, I scroll the instagram discover page, which I find interesting because there's all this weird, like [, __, ], weird [, __, ] dude, like turkish chefs, really it's awesome. [ __, ], freaking stuff! No, like these crazy, like guy fieri of turkey like they take uh. They take like ball sacks of sheep and stuff it with rice. Bro really- and it just looks so [ __ ] up, but they love it. They eat that [ __ ] man like are they creating it? Just for like this, no they love it. But there's a lot of good content is what I mean to say, but every once in a while, the tick, the really popular tick tocks will bleed into my discover page and that's how I know the really popular ones like they're, stolen and reposted, but they're like uh. The really popular tick talkers are getting like: 50 million views, yeah per [, __, ], dance, video, yeah and they're, and a lot of them are like not even 18. yeah, oh no and as a teacher, the kids, that's like the big. So before it was called tick tock. It was called something else right. So it's like a video. I can't do you see the but yeah tick tock they were bought out by so you know: they're owned by china. Yeah it's [, __, ], crazy, can't! Think of it. Oh it'll come to me: oh musically, that's what it was. Oh, it was musically yeah, oh yeah. I don't even know how it works. They sync the singing. It's yes, you can open, you can record in the app and you can have a song play while you record, and so you can like record and then do the thing or you could, while listening to the audio as it's playing in the recording, if that makes any sense, it's automatically synchronized and then uh you can like trim it and post it and it could be songs movie clips tv shows because a lot of people would you know, mimic scenes that they liked, and you know popular scenes right or you can add the music in after the fact I wish I had that, but the kids would love it yeah. I don't. I love it though I mean fifth graders. That is the cool thing is to make tick tock. So I remember just like all the little dances on there and they would like want to come in before school and if we were having fun friday, they're just tick-tocking, they were filming and filming and filming and filming and it's kids would go. Oh yeah mine got taken down. Someone reported me, I just made a new one, isn't it or what is it just whatever? I think people can report you for a lot of things, maybe probably like cyber bullying things like that, but also inappropriate, like you're too young. My friend, nigel, has, is doing the same thing too he's making 40 of them, and I always ask him because he's a chemist and I always ask him to make math, because I know he knows how to do it, and I left that comment on the tick tock gone. Your comment goes my comment gone. I said next next project can you show us how to make math and they j? It was just wiped. Like no report or anything, I just couldn't see the comment there interesting, like china doesn't [ __ ] around uh-uh those [ __ ], know how to censor like that comment would have lived anywhere like on youtube. Oh yeah or twitter. Anything like it wasn't that I mean it's stupid, but it's not like bad, and so I was very surprised, I'm impressed with their how good they are at censoring yeah it just yeah. So that's the but the kids though they get deleted and they just make a new account yeah. It kind of scares me that the kids are using this like platform that blasts them out publicly. Did you see the video the live stream of the kid putting his cat in the microwave? He actually did that didn't microwave the cat, but like he put his cat in the microwave he's on, he was like on twitch the account's like deleted immediately um, but he like puts the cat in the microwave and he's like you can see him looking at the phone at like the twitch chat, and then he, like, you know, he's just joking but he's like maybe eight, and then he like puts his phone in the microwave and runs the thing. And then you just see the screen go like. I don't know if that was fake, because I think that the microwave should have blocked the phone's reception. So I don't really know, but he just it looks kind of real. I don't know well, if you microwave a phone, there would be some kind of reaction, though yeah it would. It would fry the phone yeah, but it would also it would also like uh the microwave uses, the same frequency as your phone kind of like the 2.4 gigahertz. The reason we try it well yeah I mean your phone basically will stop. It won't work unless you're, the cell network might work. So if he was on the cell network, I don't know exactly but like this is like fun. Facts like the reason wi-fi is because of wi-fi, like the frequency it's on is because of microwaves, but what does that have to do with microwaving a phone, because the microwave, if you're on wi-fi it's commonly 2.4 gigahertz and so a microwave, is 2.4 gigahertz like the frequency on the inside, and so when you put the phone in there, the microwave is designed to keep that radiation inside of the microwave, like that's what like the little mesh screen on the front is for um, and so if the phone is on a 2.4, gigahertz wi-fi it shouldn't be able to like escape the microwave like it'll, just block the wi-fi connection, so the phone shouldn't fry no, the phone will still fry. Nobody was but the live streams he was calling live. Oh it was live stream, so the phone and the microwave right. Oh that's kind of interesting. I mean, there's probably you know, there's other stuff too, so it could have cell network or, like the 5.8 gigahertz. That's a good experiment, yeah for an eight-year-old, but that's, but I'm just saying like in general, like you see this kid on twitch who's, you know like a kid and then he's like the chat is like do the thing? Don't do the thing and then he's like? Oh, I can have an audience. People are watching me. That's put my phone in the microwave put my cat, like he literally puts his cat in the microwave. That's horrific like, but I don't know, I'm very worried. We have a one-year-old son and we grew up. I mean we're a little bit apart yeah, but I think close enough. I never saw even a smartphone until, like my last year of college, right, smartphones didn't even exist, and so that wasn't part of my upbringing at all. But theodore came out in high school for us yeah. I didn't. I didn't have anything until I think after college or maybe the end of college, I just never bought it yeah. We were also really like last people to buy it. You know in our room I was like whatever [ __ ]. Like the friends I had it's like. Oh my gosh, don't click on the internet. We bought some really uh. We bought like knockoff phones from china, yeah for like 200 a pop back. Then we recently yeah, no, no, no! No! No! That was our first one. That's awesome! I had. I think I was like a flip. Well, I had the nokia back and I'd like to share with my brother and all that you know just but yeah they're I mean it's just it's. I don't even know how to relate to theodore. It really scares me because I personally have so many problems with social media like it affects me as an adult. So it's bad. What is it going to be like for him and what am I supposed to do as a parent? You know like? How can you even avoid you can't avoid it, and I don't even know what to tell him, but just like, I think you just got to make sure that you got to educate and you have to you can't tell me what to do don't give free reign, don't give free writing restrictions and limitations. There has to be like if you get these things done. You can get time. If you didn't get it done. You go to your responsibilities, you don't know I have so many parents like. I can't I don't know how to get them off the phone or off. Take it away. I think they need to have better tools that, like respect bandwidth, so it's not necessarily blocking sites. It just makes it so like it's very slow. What's up, because you don't have to fight and struggle with the phone, because if the kid's like I got to do my homework, it's like okay cool. You have basically dial up speed. So, like you can do the thing you need to do, but you can't watch a video. You can't that's what's up like that and then have it. If you really want to buffer a youtube video, you can let it sit for you know an hour, and I think also the big thing is just being involved and like talking about it, yeah, don't just let them isolate in their rooms like talk about. Oh, what are you watching what's funny like and you talk to them about it and make it so you're not like? Oh kids, I can't keep up with you and it's just so I can't I'm not gonna, say no, you need to stay. You need to stay involved. You need to know what's relevant. I watch shows that I hear the kids like talking about so that I know like I remember when you know 13 reasons why I came out or riverdale I watched them, so I knew what they were talking. I know for a fact that they just do stuff, underneath that you have like no it's impossible to catch all this stuff, but don't think don't like bury your head in this yeah yeah. I think my only strategy really is just to stay involved. You have to give them as much self-confidence and self-worth as you can as a parent and talk and hopefully all the time when they come home and if they say like what did you do at school? Nothing like don't give me that you're going to talk to me or you don't get to go. Do you want to play war zone? Then you have to teach those skills too, because that's another thing is like it's harder to have conversations and to be able to actually like engage like this. The attention span is just gone, so have conversations I'm taking notes, it's super important. I mean, but parents everyone's busy, so it's hard but trying to to sit down and have dinner together. That's a huge impact, positive impact and talking about and them hearing about your day too, I mean don't tell them about like scary things like bills and stuff, like that, I can speak. So that was not good as a kid to hear that. But just you need to be a real person and not just like. Oh it's just mom and dad, and I think people use it to babysit too. So it's almost like it becomes convenient for parents and there has to be limitations. You can't have the phone all day. You don't need your xbox all day. You don't need your computer all day. I think that xbox is probably better than social media though, but still needs to be limitations. You shouldn't do six hours of gaming. I feel like. I think media has a deeper education than just being a gamer dude. I use the game for like 15 hours a day. That's epic, never questions being on instagram 15 hours. Yeah we play outside we play. You know I did that neighbors. I did all that. Do you have all right leave me alone. Mom I'll, be honest with you. Looking back even now, I don't even like regret that time. Those were magical, beautiful memories, yeah and I forged online with my friends. I wouldn't have had the attention span to do something for 15 hours straight: okay, you're, not a gamer yeah. When I, when I play games when I do my gamer thing, it's like it's with friends, yeah you're like talking online, like I won't you're like coordinating you're playing. It's about teamwork, we're going rank, camaraderie, we're okay, a portion of your day, but you don't get to do that. For the majority of you you're, not even my mom, you have no authority right. What are you planning anything right now? So, okay, I grew up where he was not allowed to play. Video games not allowed to watch tv, not only look how it turned out. Yeah it didn't work, it didn't work, so he was definitely I've played like 250 war zone games. What the [ __ ] is duty. Warzone is a first-person shooter like fortnite, it's like any of the other ones. It's like the same see I used to be hardcore into counter-strike and yeah and team fortress classic, but I lost interest and first-person shooters, because I can't compete with all these little [ __ ] 13 year olds, with the influx of like right now. But no, I wasn't playing those like expect. What I'm saying I played like 250 games just the other day. I won a game, your first game yeah, but it's like, and it was amazing, like I don't yeah. Oh my yeah, I was asleep and it was like what's wrong? Is it it wasn't like a happy scream? It was a terrorist scream. But like that's okay, because it's congratulations. Thank you. Thank you a lot. I appreciate what you've done. Some don't, but I do I don't really care well because he has to edit he has to film and we have other things, responsibilities that he's ignoring to play. No, but god let the man. Let me finish my thought. You know it's not about the destination right, it's about the journey and then that's what it's about yeah and to answer your question, you said: what am I playing yeah? Oh we. This is weird, but I'm like so deep into diablo 3., really I started playing double three when it came out and I played the [ __ ] out of it and now it's like the game is like dead dead dead and they have different seasons where you try to you a character restarts at that beginning of every new season and then your character just disappears forever. So I've been grinding deep boy yeah this season and I'm like number 200 in the world number two, because I always tell them because there's only like 200 players, it sounds like no they're. Well, no there's like there's thousands. Okay, I'm number 200 in the world a fighting game. Is it give him a dungeon? Okay, cool? I don't know what this game is. But what do you do? Do you do puzzles it's a dungeon crawler elaborate. So I play. I can't have the conversation, no there's! No dragon consumer! Okay! Let me put it you got to start. Let me put it this way. Explain why I am a [ __, ] demon hunter. If you don't know what a demon hunter is, I'm a badass mother with a but with projectile weapons that goes into the depths of hell, to hunt down the demons that are invading this storyline. Who cares and they level up what I do is they sit for hours every night when they're on stream? No, no, no there's the excitement is gone. It's really just my time to relax everyone's asleep relax and they stay out all night and then yeah. I can't can I just talk about my hobby. So all the lights are off and everyone's sleeping and I'm just sitting there and you play the same. Dungeon like I've run through the same dungeon like probably ten thousand times. What's your actions is that a metric in diablo? No, it's not, but it's probably like five. What's your paragon level, paragon level is 1200. That's a real thing: okay, dude, I'm level 1200 wow! Is that a lot? It's all right dan doesn't know dan has a professional diablo iii player. What did he say when you thought about my project? He actually said he was impressed [Music] for a boomer. You know I had a friend in high school in the world before him yeah he had a bunch of zoomer bots like he had a bunch of licenses that he got somehow. I don't really know I I don't remember it being completely legit or he bought them on some weird marketplace and he was running like 10 copies of diablo on his computer, and it was all it was like he was farming, stuff and selling it yeah back in the day they had an auction house, it ruined the whole [ __ ] game, yeah yeah they had an auction house. You would sell items for real money yeah. It was just. It was just horrible yeah. Well, he he helped with well. He he uh your friend made some real money too, that he ended up selling the whole, like botting kit, to somebody for like a reasonable for a kid in high school, like that's awesome under a couple thousand dollars yeah. That was pretty epic, but it's like the new bitcoin first gator, that's my gaming! That's pretty gamer! What's the longest you played in out in one city, oh probably less than an hour, it's not very gamer! I just don't have the attention span like I can sit and read a book for an entire day, but, like so who says, that's better than gaming, yeah, no seriously yeah, you know back before video games existed, people would sit there all day on the books and they would be like you. Don't don't read all day go play with a stick, the same. It had the same exact connotation, but as a kid I had a. I just had a hard time doing anything for too long. I guess an adult I can read as a kid I couldn't read all you read fiction or non-fiction. Both you would really waste your time. Reading history, I read books, it's not very productive. I love historical fiction. Oh it's so good! I love you, but I as a kid. I just couldn't do anything for more than an hour were there pictures in the books? No, do you color inside or no coloring. I tried to buy him some books that I thought he would pay money for these a lot of money. I said a lot of money on books every year and I don't know expensive, they are, then they put them on the kindle and you'd expect them to be cheaper, but they're not they're, not, and I can't do the kindle it just. It doesn't work for me. I like it, it doesn't feel the same. I really can't get past you close to video games. No, it's not. I think it might be racist. I like seeing how far I am, but I like the feel of it. I like the smell of books, I'm yeah. What's your favorite book ever my favorite series is harry potter series like if I had to pick a book. How do you feel about her being uh? Chelsea probably has no idea. Are you aware that what's your name? Oh, you are okay. What's the what's her name, yeah jk smoking, my bowling yeah so stupid. There is actually well. We have a better thing. No, we have faith, that's not better! That's very rude! Um! Are you aware that she does not like trans people? I am aware so I've seen a bunch of stuff recently um. Actually, I don't know yeah she. She basically made a comment statement that was really really stupid. Can you pull up the? Can you pull that up? Let's look over it yeah, let's dig into this, hasn't really done much to kind of rectify the situation and then all the cast members of course are like. We want nothing to do with this statement. We do not agree. We do not. You know. So that's been interesting that I was shocked that she didn't come out immediately and try to you know actually she doubled down. I think she really believed it, but I mean I mean I thought she was going to do the opposite and instead she just came out saying no, you guys are understanding. This is the guy by the way, sorry, the turkish yeah, oh yeah, it's the legend. What the [ __ ] this video we got after a while. No this is this guy's like mega famous, and he just goes like all out, I'm trying to find a go. This is just tick. Tock I've never watched them on tick tock. I don't think it's as good as as on instagram, because it's shorter yeah, that's a lot of views. No, this guy is like yeah he's famous these. These videos are not as good because he's 14 million wow. Okay, let's, let's have a look you're just looking at the thumbnails, I could tell they put the epic thing in the thumbnail. I have not. Let's see you never know where it's going with this, I saw the ladybug pizza oven. Looking thing, yay he's called czn, which is kind of kind of bizarre yeah in the best way. Look look how creepily he's staring. He that's his thing, but you can't like how does he do it? That's his thing and sometimes people will not be smiling and then everyone's like. Is he okay, you're putting vegetables and chops his finger? So do you think he does all this work or in between the cuts? You just got all these minions coming into it, because what are you doing? It looks like he's doing it. I think why epic? That was a lot of fire whoa. Did you see that spin move with the knife? It was epic that was dangerous, yeah where's he putting the meat in this. It's just a big ass uh, lamb leg. It looks like you put it in sand that was kind of gross, that's one of the techniques they use. No, they use these, but they do use sand. No, but it looks like you stuck the meat directly on they do that, but it's not sand. It's like some kind of material that, like uh, oh yeah, I don't know man, they do all kinds of weird [, __ ] in turkish cuisine. Bro tick-tock is weird this. I don't like his tick-tock, you gotta go to instagram. Well, is there not mute? Is there music, normal yeah? There's it's just very like yeah a lot of times, though, but again I don't have the right, I'm I'm not the person to ask, because I don't did you. I really limit social media because of like what you said, like the negativity that I saw growing up, I was like. I don't want to be that kind of person. That's so obsessed, so I really limit social media. I think sometimes I take a break and I really feel better. I think I can do for one yeah like a cabin trip where we have a metal box and everyone sticks their phone in it like. Oh, my god, we should do that. You have like a nokia like an old nokia that just has like calls and texts. Yeah. That's like the phone that, if you need to call somebody for like yeah, yeah yeah, I do. I set a limit for like 20 minutes for all social media combined a day I feel like really and because that's the problem right, yes and then I realized it's just such a bad, how you get your phone and you click on it without even thinking yes, and it's like any any moment any moment where you have nothing to do. It's like you're, just yeah like what am I always like yeah and it's definitely a problem, sometimes I'll close it and then without thinking I open it again, uh-huh yeah always yeah. Can I say it creeps me out, can I admit something yeah when bo uh burnham was on the show. He said that he started p, I'm just. I can't look away from czn he's making a giant dude though, like that's the look he's cutting the hammer with a [ __ ], sword bro, you can't even eat that no, he throws it all out afterwards, as we are just like eating the meat. So bo said that he start he was so bad that he was peeing down peeing down sitting down to pee, so he could use his phone, and I was like that's weird and then, but I do that now, just because you can like more easily use the phone, because I can continue what I'm doing right. So I sit down and tinkle and I've always been so envious that, like men, could stand up there you go cause. I'm like I have to. You have to worry about all the extra throwing away, guys well, to be honest, yeah, my penis privilege privilege to be able to yeah because thinking about going to like a fair and using a porta potty, you want me to squat either wants to like, pin my penis back and make me squat [Laughter] [Laughter], yeah, she's, sick, garbage garbage well um. How much have you spent on roombas? Oh, we spent um. Actually it's kind of funny because I bought I ended up buying an actual roomba too um. I think I spent about the same amount of money on the actual room, as I did on eight knockoff rooms or whatever. So that was like a thousand dollars. I think. Oh, that's not bad for eight rooms. They came in the course of, like probably two or three days, and it was just like all these yeah it was. It was paid for it's a whole long story, but I didn't even pay for it. Someone else paid for it, but that's like it's. I don't even think I'm supposed to say what happened yeah. No, I don't think you're allowed to go ahead. No, I can't well I'll tell you after it's a whole lot. He got paid yeah, but anyway, somebody else paid for him, okay, yeah, but he did buy an actual roomba and he you don't like it. He doesn't he yells at it all the time dude it was like. I bought. Someone gave me a coupon, so I bought it much cheaper and uh. It's still like it's very frustrating for how much money it costs brand new. It's like the nicest one. They sell that like self-empties and everything, and it's like how does it not? How is it not a little bit smarter than it is it'll just run over everything? This will just get bound up on carpet really yeah and, I think wires like if you have like nick plugs and stuff it'll just get caught up in that yeah. I've heard good things about the room, but what year is it? What edition bran is the nicest one that I sell right now. That's a shame! I don't like the look of it. It's sort of like one of those things where you know you can't have any cables on the floor. You can't have anything I mean, I don't really love the idea of a little robot skirting around the house. Yeah yeah, so tell actually tell them why you your first um your beginning relationship with roomba. When did you first get a roomba for your mother? I bought one off of an old website. Remember woot. They sold one thing a day. Oh, I think I had to like clean was it like? My chore was vacuuming, and so I saved up like a couple hundred bucks and bought a roomba for like it was like 150. Maybe two was she satisfied with the result of that? I think she was angry, but maybe also impressed yeah. Am I a genius and she used it. I mean she had that for a long time, probably 10 years wow recently died. Yeah, I had to change the batteries a bunch because they just kept yeah anytime. That maintenance needed to be done on it. It was like, even when he hadn't lived there for years, william he's acting up. You need to come over and figure it out, he's like yes, but the new ones they dock themselves. They charge them themselves too. I don't like it, though I like that. There's two vacuums there's one in the base station and there's one in the road, so the robot does its factory. You have to empty the base. Yeah it comes with like a bag and the bag will last you like. So many you have to empty something yeah. I don't want to empty anything. It's not self-emptying. If I have to empty it, I think there's one. I want a [ __ ]. I want a well that okay, if you want to learn about vacuums, there's this dude every time. I search yourself there's this guy on youtube. Who does nothing but make videos about vacuum? Cleaners, and it is. It is hilarious just because of like the content, the content, but he's so serious and it's actually like if it is the best resource. So did you use this resource before you purchased the rumba? I did, but he steered you wrong clearly, no, I think that there's just like there's not a whole lot of perfect solutions right now. You just think for the amount of money you spend on it that like it would be a little bit bigger, but we have like the other vacuum. We have it's a you know. It's, I think it's like a shark or something it's a handheld one uh the handheld one. I mean it just works so much better. I love the handheld bra. It's like the greatest wait, the the cordless vacuum, yeah yeah dude! Those are fun. You remember, and it takes me no time to drag this big ass vacuum around yeah like a hundred feet, yeah and my dad bought because we have a cat. So I just like don't like hair. I just don't want people, you know so, but it takes no time. It's so easy and it makes this cool sound. It goes um yeah. You know what I'm saying: yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the crusher; it's not bad and either no, how good they have no social media. Cordless vacuum cleaners. Ungrateful. I remember, I remember the nightmares because we didn't have enough like power outlets around yeah, so there were parts that you just couldn't and we had stairs growing up. There were carpeted stairs bring me that meat mountain back. Oh my gosh! No, I threw it away. No, I don't want that [ __ ] out of your pocket bro. I just got corona and everything else are you? What are you gonna do with that sandwich? You're gonna eat it. Oh, he will yeah he's disgusting, so just bring it up. William, has the no william has a meat mountain and is well. You could get it out of the garbage. No I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm not really kidding right. I am I'm kidding. What do you get out of the carpet? I don't think the meat out of my pocket throw [Laughter]. So so, what's more sanitary, the meat in william's pocket or the trash can? Well, I think I'm mistaken. I I don't think I did throw it away. I see the bag over there, so if you bring it on it, probably that you guys I'm sorry, I need to cause he's gonna walk out. He will see it then that that's a white lie. You could have lied here. I give you it's my birthday. Oh, is it yes, william's birthday was like two weeks ago. How old are you 40., bro, come on. Don't play me like that. Bring me that mountain. How old do you think william just turned? I think he told me he's like 28. yeah, 29 20., yeah yeah. I feel old now get it out that hair I was protected by a plastic bag. Please don't please don't eat it. What are you gonna do for me? What are you gonna do? Okay, what do you want? Your laptop is glistening. I know I know I saw that well hold on dan we're negotiating. What are you gonna do for me? We can order a pizza there. You go. That's all I want to do. Oh cause, you hate pizza, wait! Wait! I don't hate it. He wants it every night. Oh okay. I see so [ __ ]. How dare you okay so for a while, but does he get it every day like you might want it yeah for a while william wanted to eat in and out like every day and I'm like you just can't eat the same thing every day. That's like that and that's so good. I didn't hate pizza. I was a normal person yeah, but I would eat it like like social events or a birthday party yeah. That's when I would eat pizza, it sort of is like more of an appetizer than a with ethan. It's like all the time. So we are doing a pizza tonight right. That's just how many, how many days a week, do you even buy it's just not true. Do you have that one uh zach? I don't think I don't think we have enough yeah. You start really going at it on twitter yeah the comment well so the comments on keemstar's because he blocks so many people. It's just a bunch of dick writers on his right, which is just so he's such a coward little, I'm just kidding, I'm not going to get all worked up about him, but, like all the comments are just like, please stop yeah yeah and then he blocks them all. You have to unders, but um. I feel like I only react yeah when he says [ __ ], then I then like for the longest time I just let him say whatever he wants, but now I I'm just I'm reacting to everything right and I think it's great I mean it's entertaining. I mean I'm really proud of this one from last night, which I have to say is going really well for me. What happened before the one about two jackasses? I can tell that one really upset him because he's like this morning he's going off. He made a poll that said, should I keep bullying h3, yes or no? Oh, like bowling bro you're like [, __, ], 40. garbage carpet so anyway. I think this one really um this one really upset him because it did so well, but he what's the I don't really understand. He thinks that this is really you're gonna, be so dumb. He thinks that ila there's this thing that all really rude people say that eel looks like a horse. Okay, very rude and so keemstar thinks it's funny, no she's very beautiful and doesn't look like a horse well and especially for like a man to be like commenting right like crazy, so crazy, yeah and so he's tweeted at me literally a hundred times. But he thinks he's so slick because he just tweets pictures of a horse without saying what it is. So it's like certain people, know what he's saying and certain people don't they'll just be like. Oh what beard is immaculate, though yeah diet, sunglasses look like something my grandmother would wear. That's true. He's got like the kind of vintage, but he goes it's a donkey and he says is this a horse? H3, and I said all I see is two jackasses. That's pretty good right! That's a good response. Thank you. It really upset him. How old is he he's like 40.? Oh wait. Go to the comments. I want to see all the people pleading. No, I don't! I don't, because because look as long as this guy, his whole timeline is full of [ __ ] about me like, let's go over here and just have a look. That's that's all. He has time for in his life by the way this horse, you know what he was doing. He was at a petting zoo with his daughter and he had made time to tweet at me. Like five times he was at a petting zoo with his daughter, a lot of real estate in his mind, I'm just amused by it and he's so upset. You are a piece of [ __ ] gum come on, keemstar, give it a rest, [ __, ] hypocrite. Here he sent me a dm, didn't he get banned from youtube at what point one point a while back, yes yeah yeah and they like circumnavigated that somehow so there's one there's two. So there's the oh, my god. Here's me hey ethan, want to play minecraft with me. He retweeted his own tweet because he thought it was good and it's good. He does that. Sometimes he says this one. He said which thumbnail should I use. He said this one. That's a nice picture, though yeah that's cool. I like the horse with the hat. That's kind of cute yeah, um yeah, I'm on his mind a lot yeah. Oh then this one at the petting zoo he goes. He goes to the sunset with my daughter here, trying to enjoy time with. My daughter reminds me of something and then and then he posted this. Oh jesus, that's at least took some yeah. So I'm glad that I'm on his mind more than his own [ __ ] daughter. Apparently, that's really really, oh, but that's just the tip of the iceberg. So I don't understand and he's too old to be acting. That way. Talk to keemstar, as a teacher, you spend a lot of time with children. Talk to him. I do and children pick up on everything that their parents do and say, like they're, a [ __, ] hipper they do they do they really do. This is a lot of like negativity like uh a lot there's so many like channels on youtube that really really like capitalize on, like other people's problems, yeah stuff- and it's like it kind of- makes me sad a little bit. You know like there's. There's it's like. Oh look at someone's down like now is my time to like speed up fine and yeah, exactly and and like, like that's fine garbage, but the problem is like when your paycheck is attached to it. Then it's like who am I right exactly that's like you're allowed to be an ass to people like I don't care, but the problem becomes when it becomes your income. It's like now. I have to be an ass and I'm gonna like seek out the the easiest targets for me to take down absolutely because I profit off of it and it's like. Then you end up with that kind of broken loop, where you're learning yeah to pick on people absolutely like, but here's the thing is like um, I ignore like 70 of it, and I respond to like the 30, which I think is funny right, because at this point the thing about keemstar is that he's very dangerous because he is relentless and, and he will just he's very vindictive and he'll just say, and do anything too a little game for him like every time you look at his twitter every week. It's someone else he's, I think he's like cross line but being on the receiving end. It's so damaging, and it's I mean even like it really can drive you crazy and I'm not yeah. The thing is like the thing is he he was always bringing up these new crazies things about me like that, I'm stealing money, or that someone said this about and just making [ __ ] up lying doing everything and then he's at the point where he literally exhausted everything to the point. Where he's going back in my old tweets and finding pictures of me with mud on my face from the dead sea in israel and saying I'm doing blackface right, but but so it's like he's spending a lot of time digging into your person. He's he's also weaponizing his following right with every tweet he's showing them like. Send me, send me more, you know, but um, but yeah. It's not a great thing to live. Your life he's dangerous and he's very, and I think, he's very damaging to the to the community as a whole, even even like um like there's, no there's no real rebuttal for an accusation, even if you completely prove any innocence or anything like people will always have that in their head. A lot of people might not even see that yeah, because the rebuttal is not yes, like who miranda sings some stuff yeah and like it sounded bad from the outside, and I started watching it. What the big hype was. It was just kind of like an awkward relationship, so this dude made this video exposing her and he and he's like. Oh, she sent me lingerie when I was a kid and I was like oh man, he totally [ __ ] her right because I I've like you know, but when we do stuff like I'll, just send crap to people like I've literally sent like a piece of plywood in the mail to someone, that's what she was doing yeah it was like part of a stream and it wasn't used or right, which is such a big difference. Yeah. It was something because he said I was he said. I never even touched it or opened it from the back like. Is it right? This was something that was used and it's gross and I think he'd even like asked for it or wanted it yeah. So, like not saying that that was the smartest thing she could have done, but like right, my thoughts but before that like having heard it was much worse than after the fact and like how many people and that's what that's what he does like. He put out a video which was kind of one of the motivating factors for me, making my my initial videos- I don't know how much you followed this, probably not no yeah good for you, yeah you're, better off. I was teaching online yeah. That's probably it's very way less yeah, better use of your time. So he puts out that um that I, that I'm stealing money from a collab. We did with a video game company that I was supposed to donate to charity and I go. I get the guy on the phone and I say uh he's like that's not true, and that video's still up and people still believe it yeah yeah, and I don't think that somebody who's willing to just lie to that capacity. Everyone who presents themselves as news is is is a real danger or like look into any of this, so it's like I'm assuming he wouldn't be invited to like it's complicated, because I think you know, like the instant youtube starts like pushing buttons behind the scenes. I mean people lose their mind, thinking that you're convincing them yeah. They took a picture with susan like two years which to me is comical because, like they don't give up, don't fight, they don't care, they think I have susan on speed, though no only lately like in the past week or two I'm starting to understand, also that this is kind of um dipping into anti-semitism too, because all of a sudden, I'm getting all these racist comments on my stuff and then it's like when you connect the dots they're saying that ethan is greedy, he's always about the money and now he's running a conspiracy behind the scenes with the ceo of youtube, like that's yeah and well, if you say that people will take it wrong, but keemstar literally tweeted it but we'll take it. People please keemstar tweeted out like two days ago. Ethan is the george soros of youtube right. I mean that is an anti-semitic, uh conspiracy. Also, I want to raise if you've got george soros money he's like a multi-billionaire right. I don't know anything about him. I just I wish youtube was more like the early early days when everybody was like, there was less money involved. People were more like creative, like we want to be filmmakers, they saw tv and they're like oh, we want to do skits and special effects and comedy and blah blah blah and, like that's like when I make you know, made youtube videos early on, like you know, we'd watch like quarter digital freddie, w um shay carl who's sort of like has fallen from grace's in the past couple years. Um cassim g. You know like all of these genres that are just like having fun and like doing skits and like making content, and it seems like now there's this huge, huge, huge population of content. That's just like! What's something that we can [ __ ] on it's meta content, yeah, not real, exactly yeah and like some of it is more like you know, like criticisms of pop culture, and I think that stuff is fine. But then you get like the real dark stuff where it's like attacks on people's personalities and a lot of this stuff ends up being like speculation. Um I mean even like the whole thing with with idubbbz ian, where you're just like what is going on like it was just. It was purely entertainment for people like nobody actually cares. It was. It was like a britney spears moment where they're like, let's just go all in and like watch this spectacle unfold insane, it was so yeah. I felt bad for how how everyone just was like who gives a [ __ ] if it doesn't affect anything right, but I think they're honestly. I think another problem is that there's like a really large, I think, there's some kind of weird political movement online, where it's like the people who walk around saying [, __ ] that actually uh think that's funny, people who say uh, cuck and soyboy unironically, there's a lot of people right on youtube and they're the people that think that uh idubbbz is a [ __ ] right and they think that that is an actual insult. That's a better word! I didn't know what that meant like the the actually well, because that was like the main acquisition was simp right and it didn't even matter. Simp. Doesn't make sense at all because he's people he's getting it yeah the simplest one who pays and doesn't get it right? He doesn't pay and just like the whole thing was just like: let's light something on fire but [ __ ] also, I guess cuck does make more sense, even though, but not really, it still doesn't and it doesn't really make any sense either yeah. Neither of those labels work yeah yeah, it's a very it's very strange, and I I don't know like some days for when things go on. You've never had anything like severe, but why don't? I just can't imagine having to like live in that fear of like oh, my gosh, this per like he did nothing, and then all this happened for no choice. A lot of people forget that you're, like a real person yeah, he made no choices. It was his. You know had nothing to do with I've been feeling like that for years, yeah dude, like meeting ian for the first time, he's like a drastically different person than you would think yeah. I think the problem is like the audience sort of. Like has. You know, like he's an edge lord he's, one of them when you're like making a graph in science. You call it like extrapolation, where it's like you have these two points of like what you think is going on, like what you know is going on, and then you just sort of go beyond that and that's what people have done say like they sort of see this thing that ian is and they sort of just assume outside of what they've seen like who he is as a person, yeah and and then, when he does something that sort of counters. That, or maybe you know, maybe he like changes or learned something new or had a debate with somebody where he you know realized. Maybe he was thinking about something wrong and then he changed his opinions and now, all of a sudden, everybody is like, like freaking out he's not like us yeah. I think the same thing happened to me is that, like back in the day, we were doing all these like it was really making fun of social justice. Warriors was like the fun thing to do. There was so much good content and they were so fun to make fun of, and it's not necessarily a partisan thing, but it did court a lot of very conservative edge lords, who actually hate women right and are actually, I would say, um toxically conservative right I mean not, I'm not, I'm not. That's, not a critique of like conservatism, it's more like people who are like in cells and hate, women and things. People who are who have our sex workers are like immoral stuff like that yeah, and so I courted a lot of these people, and I think that's a lot of people who are angry at me today is because I think I did make a conscious effort throughout the past several years to kind of make it very clear that um I do not share the same values as these people yeah. You know right and when you're making content, though it's like it's just sometimes hard like you're, trying to be entertaining and sometimes poking buttons and like poking and stuff like that, is entertaining, and then people take it too seriously like it's all. It's like consumed literally like this is. This is exactly what you think like this is not a joke, and then you start like filling in the outside of, like you know, coloring outside the lines of who that person is and it just I don't know they don't realize like at the end of the day like I have problems too and like I struggle with and their stuff like yeah, exactly like, I don't understand, half the stuff I do and how people interpret it. I'm just like all right, I'm going to try to be creative today and see what happens yeah. You know and that's like well, you know, I think the original like early on when, like the first podcaster people, are all upset like to me. It's like. I see that it's the same thing. It's like a content, production thing. It's like we're, making content. What do people want to see? Yeah you make a decision and, at the end of the day, people treat it as like some malicious attack where, like your intents, were to do a bad thing and it's like just making stuff for people to consume and sometimes well. People have no idea what goes on behind the scenes. No idea what it what goes into editing, no idea what goes and just took making a video people think you just turn on your camera. You press record, you press, stop you upload it to youtube like that's it and it's like there's so much more, and that is not well known or really spoken about, and so then the people just demand demand to man-to-man and they think that they can just get everything like that. That's that's absolutely not the reality of being a youtuber. It's I remember when he started it like. I had no idea and the amount of hours that he puts into things and how he works way way more than I do, and I have a full-time job and he wakes he works way more than me. He doesn't take breaks. I can barely get him to take like a weekend day off for a good. You know let alone, if my let's go on a vacation, it's my spring break and he's just like. I have to it's. No one knows that yeah and that you're gonna be asked for a really long time. Until we made a conscious decision, like we gotta start taking weekends off or yeah, we don't work on weekends now yeah. Well, we we always work still like it's not the same though I was like I'm filming today. The weekend is off now. Was it easier for you to? Did you do that before you had your son, or did you guys do that? You know as that, like transition. I think there was a time when we were like going super hard on the grind, and that means like non-stop, so we're working working working and then we started to just feel bad all the time and it just got unhealthy and it's easy for me to come and say like honey. You need to take the we're going to take this week. We're going to do this or we're going to go here, I'm going to book this and you don't have to say, because I I'm not in it the same way as he is like. Yes, I'm close to it. I understand, but I have a normal. You know quote normal job and structure and all this stuff, and he doesn't so that's you know it's a battle and I'm always trying to. I think, he's more receptive. Now the longer he's been in it yeah. I feel, like I've been like recognizing, like issues for a while now like trying to better separate, because it's like I have such a hard time separating the two words like well, I have a thing to do and I have to finish it by this date, so I might as well work on it on saturday, because otherwise it's gonna be more difficult for me to do it on monday, and then it's like you know who makes who makes the rules like. I make the rules because I'm the one who decides when to do stuff or not. It's like you, do, make the rules, but you also don't. Sometimes it feels like, because if something is moving and you want to keep it moving right, you're just kind of like in that cycle yeah and it's it's like you know when you're employed. I feel it's easy to be like. I don't really want to go to work today and then, when you leave work, you're like yeah, fine, I'm not at work anymore, physically, left yeah like there's no way of like displacing like the very like few times I've sort of felt like I could stop thinking about like even if I'm being unproductive like. I can't stop thinking about like it. Just doesn't stop but um yeah. You do have to work on that, because burnout is a real thing right. If you want to be in it for like the long picture, then- and that's and that's like what I feel like the past, like I feel two years sort of like like trying to figure it out like how do we figure it out? How did you figure it out and it was like just haven't quite figured it's okay. It takes time because you want to keep the momentum going. Yeah right with youtube. Youtube is kind of an insidious [ __ ] yeah because it requires this requires a certain amount of you right right and then your your like family and friends, or you know your partner. They you suffer too because you're yeah I'm on this ride, whether I like it or not, right right, I'm with you and I you know, we support each other and uh we're a team also it's kind of funny, because in the videos it almost looks like everyone's just having fun and like oh yeah, so it's prone together like right, but your actual life is like nothing like that. You're sitting at a computer yeah, you don't socialize, you don't go out, you're saying you don't even have a weekend like we did. Then people tell you exactly stop come, don't complain because you're the best job ever sometimes it is like and like you get those pockets right like the stuff that you show people like. Okay, how do I set up a situation where you are having fun? And I think, like the example I can think of right now we filmed something the other day over discord, which was pretty fun um, but we, when we did the vacuuming video, where we had all the roomba or knockoff roombas doing like the competitions, like I had like seven, six or seven people at the house, like just other youtube channels, and it was a total like [ __ ] show, but in my mind I'm trying to figure out like okay like like what do we have to do to sort of make this feel fulfilling right like because the idea I started with at the beginning was to just have a bunch of pudding and like put the vacuum cleaner through and just see what happens, but then is that the whole video I like what? If it's a contest, you know and then the whole time I'm sitting there like? Is this too stupid? Like oh yeah stupid, you know what I don't know well set up the situation and you just are there and your friends and, like you know, during a lot of you're laughing and having fun but like there's still a lot of stress of like I need to like figure out how to make this happen, because I have everybody here, yeah like I, don't want to waste their time at the end of the day, if I come out with nothing and like we tried to use an editor for that video and the first cut, I got back from them. I, like [, __ ], my pants, oh, this is horrible. Yeah like this. I know that too. It's so bad because they focused on the vacuum cleaners. I'm like that's not the interesting part. The part is like this: the dynamic horrible situation we've set up where we have you know putting on a carpet and just absolute chaos. You know in a house like and that's you know what the end the final edit sort of focuses on instead of the actual he does all of the editing and he's tr. I can't even count how many people he's tried at it and it just doesn't. It doesn't work, and so that's again, people have no idea how much time goes into editing yeah. I think so. It's the worst. It's a lot, absolutely worst part and a lot of times like I'll film stuff after the fact to like fill in the gaps or like this is like like when the header cut my hair, like I filmed it and like it's like the most boring part of the video, is the actual haircut like people. Don't realize that like comments, it's like you know something rude or whatever, like with ian, where they're like simp, and this and you're like all this work, that I've done. It's just like that's what it gets boiled down to. Is this mean comment because you can't help, but you know not necessarily fixated on that, but when everyone is just like throwing it at you and tweeting this, and that it's like you notice, how like, like a mean comment, has like a hundred times the power of a nice comment. Yeah, of course it's the worst and I was always just like I mean I for the most part, don't read comments anymore. I poke through them, yeah I'll, be careful, but, like I don't look at it like I've, even sort of had to like really nail down this, like train of thought like if I see a comment that really gets me going cause, sometimes people will just like they'll, find like the little crack and then they like like a week. They got. They found that like yeah, something that you think about back your mind and you wouldn't yeah. You know because, like like one of the things would be like you know, like all the original videos on my channel are like very like science oriented and I just have been sort of deviating, because it tends to be a lot of work to do those videos and it's like there's a lot of other stuff going on I'm trying to deal with my life, and so you know when I see people say stuff like that, just like. Oh, it's so frustrating, especially if they're mean about it, um and if I ever have like the energy to want to reply to them or I'm just like I want to say, like you know, fu uh I'll, try to direct that and find some people who are like being nice and like reply to them and stuff, that's great like because that's who deserves it and the mean ones you know are like they just makes you. I stopped looking at it like years and years ago, because I'm like dope and beautiful my my mom used to sort of text me like this person's being a jerk to you and I'm like mom. Don't look at the comments. It's his number one fan by the way, and she like gets really mad because you know youtube, like you, that'll turn off the alarm. Sometimes like notifications and she's, like your video, was up- and I didn't know she's like I wake up to be the first one to watch it that's funny and on her breaks at work. She'll put it on silent and just replay it. Oh, my god, wow. She loves she's like his number one mom's little biggest supporter like all the stuff. I bought him as a kid that bread boards and all these like things, I wish my mom you know- needs to get a normal job. I think not, I think, you're doing pretty good now yeah. I don't think he can hate anymore. No, he can't, but he's still, you know, he's the hater he had done as much. His mom has always been like the number one, but his mom is also from sweden. So once you say that, like oh yeah, it like it pays the bills and stuff then they're just like. Oh, I don't understand it. But okay. My mom, though, has just been like super excited. She's like oh, my family are engineers, and that was my son yeah. I don't know I just where do you get all these shirts? Oh really, okay. So it's a combination. It started with my sister, so my sister would like for christmas or or birthday. She would give me cat shirts because she didn't know what to get. Those are really good like as someone who has a background in clothing with ela. Like that's a really nice print. I think I have like all of the possible cat shirts yeah. I think so. Every time I was like has in our like his uh cat shirts take over two drawers and I had to put them in the office because there's so many of them like okay, do you make a? I love that? Do you make a conscious selection or you just grab? Um depends if something that I know I have fits like if, if you're doing something that involves like electricity like I've got one with like there's like lightning right, right, right, right, right, um, but sometimes you're gonna pick whatever you were doing something. It was like a fourth of july like laughing yeah, then you got like an american one where the cat's got sunglasses, it's like a meow, so I also do buy so I'll buy ones. If I see them that are like a specialty, so I definitely contribute to the issue, but most, I would say 70 of them are sent to him. That's amazing! It's awesome! That's a nice shirt free clothes. I just gotta figure out how to turn them in the pants and I don't have to buy any questions. Well, um. I think we're going for about two hours. Wow. Is there anything else to discuss I'd like to see you hit that meat mountain in your pocket? It really sticks out quite a bit, yeah, that's so gross, and and do you have pl I mean I know you can't be happy with the hair situation. Oh I hate it. My mom keeps asking if she can come. His mom came over the next day because I sent a picture with her haircutting kit and was like. Let me fix this and he was like no. I hate getting my hair cut. I hate getting my hair cut and we found this this. Are you embarrassed to go out in public like that? No, I just dude. I stopped caring a long time ago. You just you you start to feel like probably the first time it was embarrassing, but now it's like yeah like what are they gonna do stay away from me uh. So we found a girl that you look like you have coronavirus um and she uh she was going. She like, she watched the videos and she like came to the park one day. We were filming a thing there and I put out a thing on twitter like come in the park and help us with this um and she was like going to like hairdressing school, and so then I basically would pay her to come to the house and cut our hair at the last house. And then you, like you weren't like me, you were like hey. Would it be okay, because I'm really bad at he's, so bad at scheduling like it's so hard to get him because he's always like working doing stuff, it's so hard, so she was like yeah. That would be awesome, so she would come over and like yeah, like once, she came in like got like half the people like like three or three people. There's like four guys, I think actually ian was at the house yeah. You got a haircut and yeah. We all got haircut yeah, my well my mom's she's retired, but she used to be a hairdresser. So did she cut your hair? Yeah yeah cause, otherwise I'm not gonna go travel to a barber. I mean it's insane, it's like it's so much effort cut his hair growing up, it's insane and then yeah that I just don't like doing it. You need a buzzer, though cause you just buzzed. The whole thing yeah like what you can't save this. The sides are like to the scalp. Well, she did that so get him. Don't say she did that he said for this video. I want to mull it and I'm like okay. So then, if you'll, just in the video I gave him a multi he's like no make it shorter on the sides, because I did short like yeah business and he's like no shorter shorter. So I'm like okay, I don't know how to use it, and I just she did what you want. I bought. I bought pink hair dye too, but I want to uh. No, I want to show them correction. He said the only way he would shave his beard because I hate it. So much he's had it since quarantine. The beard is is rough. I hate the shirt. He said the only way he'll shave it is, if I buy hot. No, oh, is that what you wanted? That's [, __ ] um, that is the craziest [ __ ] bro. That is disgusting. That is, but I bought the pink dye the next day because he said I'll shave it. If I can dye it what about the next day, I bought it. It's been sitting there for weeks. So what's happening, you seen the one where they do the ring around the head too yeah. That's awesome, yeah! Wait! Let me pull that up. Oh no, don't give him ideas that one is really cool. Well, he can't do it. There's a guy on uh uh, the vlog squad, uh uh ugg, it's joe ugh, it's joe yeah! Exactly he's done a bunch of wild hairstyles like that. Has he done this he's my role model for for bad hair? I think he did do the loop. Let me look at his instagram. This is the one that I love this one isn't that [ __ ] amazing. No, it's not amazing. I don't think I can do that. I think oh, oh gross he's got like really low neck hair, because that is a really complicated thing. I think I can do that now. No, you have to grow on the side, william yeah, the sideburns. This fully open it because it's it's blocked by the uh picture in picture. If I so they [ __ ] up their. If I click it, it will go to some random website. Oh god, all right, I guess we get the idea. You get the idea, yeah yeah yeah! I get the idea and I'm not happy that william hasn't and then the other one that I like is um yeah. This is totally oh uh. Oh, what was the one you showed me. I want to show the audience. It's like two, the double ring, yeah double ring. It looks kind of like homer simpson, honestly, maybe just type like awful yeah. I think I just looked up yeah terrible beards or something these are just poor dudes who are getting clowned on for a week. Facial air coming up. That was not the idea yeah. Why cup, where why is conan getting clowned on this is 23 hot dudes with bad facial, hair, [, __ ], you, his beard looks great. Just look at that mannequin. How dare you beard normally looks like that? This is not normal yeah that I can approve wait. I hate crazy beers. It just did it on my face. It's like too much room for like dirt and food food mountains. [Laughter]! You would see you couldn't do that by yourself. You'd have to go to something yeah, you that's a professional. I know he'll, never do that, so yeah sure do it baby. Oh, this dude put it dude a bird cage around there that can't be rude. It is real. What no yeah it's real, how gross it's real bro! Well, you don't know no I've seen this. They had a competition, it's real! I'm telling you! I know the video that you're talking about and that video is fake. So dan, you don't know anything, I do that's a birdcage beard dude, it's awesome here. Here's another photo tell me it's not real. Just tell me this isn't real. I mean that one maybe is real. Maybe this was inspired by that fake video that you're, referring to, I thought somebody did it for every was the bird video that that video was fake. I mean I refuse to believe this isn't real. I think the jacket is kind of something william. I can see like a little bit of the gear yeah. He is um. No, that the only thing that really is. What is this? It's just a squirrel. Why is his face? Look so round that looks photoshopped. I didn't know what I was looking at. That's funny. It kind of looks like it looks like a mug like homer simpson. I think the one that he showed you the way that it kind of makes sense. I'm trying to find it because I want to go. Oh, is that keemstar, the darker the beard, the more evil look, the beard doesn't match the hair like, oh, you can keemstar's beard looks fake too. It just looks like ink black that doesn't look big, that's got to be fake. Well, that's asking his age, so he probably just dies. Question mark. That's a good one! I'm impressed with some of these things. What's the longest you've grown your beard out, dude, not not long, because because you can grow a beard yeah, but once it gets like a little longer than this, it just gets so disgusting and curly. There's a threshold like I think, once you get like a couple weeks beyond that, it's it starts to like escape the I've, never escaped the atmosphere. William looks like he's stopping from there every time I like. Let it go and then trim it. People always compliment my way. They're like oh, you lost weight because it's like think about a lot of the stuff in youtube like here. It's like you, look like you just gained a lot of weight. Have you guys seen this watch this? Oh? Can you see it? Dan yeah he's a cruiser. It's my favorite, it's his tick-tock! This is the oldie I think he's in court or something where he's like. Did he bring a lighter? Oh and I love him something in the trunk adventures, yeah they're, really bad yeah. Look at his dentures are all [ __ ] up. Oh here you go. Oh yeah people did that people did that when, because william posted a picture or something and said like, if you do this I'll put it in the next video and people definitely sent him pictures. Oh man, that's crazy! I'm trying to find the one you showed me, oh, why? What in the [ __ ] that one disturbs me I hate like ring beard. Maybe no! I don't know how do you search for that? What is the name of the style? I don't know ring beard? Unfortunately, I did find it or maybe I put bad bad beards they're, just clowning on poor uh, conan o'brien can give you the description on the instagram page that it's on yeah give me okay, ugly design without any spaces. Wait, I'm going! I'm just okay! Let's go! Let's do it ugly! I just realized. Whenever I went back to jk uh jk jk, ruffle flopping, aesthetic, okay, new start new, aesthetic, new life baby. Oh, I think I I think I found it. Oh that's weird! Oh there's cigarettes on her. Oh, that's! A good look! Oh gross! Are those tone. I can't look at this. Okay dan found it. I can't look. What did you search for? I just went to that page. You were talking about. Okay, that's probably the most disgusting [ __ ]. I don't know what new start new aesthetic baby see. I found this picture as like, after he did the where he shaved right here I was like oh look at how gross this one is like thing haha and then he was like I'm gonna do that. I think you could do it yeah. I think a lot of dudes could do that one actually, because if even if you have a patchy beard, you just kind of it also looks like he has no chin right. That's terrible! I [ __ ] hate this yeah. This is the worst god ever wrong kind of ratty hair. Do you have anything about jk ruffling? Well, I mean I, I did find a tweet, but that was a pretty long like saga of and then she she wrote a whole blog post. That was really long. I don't know, I really really really really want the whole thing. Dumbledore was gay. How do you feel about that? Great great? I mean that was obvious. What did you call it? I felt like it was really what evidence was there that dumbledore was gay just like just like the way that he treated everyone his like. I never imagined the compassion just the way he was so accepted. Yeah never crossed my mind, sexuality, yeah yeah. I didn't think about either it was picked up on in the scene when he sucked snape's dick. I just think like his it's acceptance and stuff. It was something that was when it came out. It was like yeah I was like I feel like. I did know that, but I'm like. Oh no, I guess it didn't say anything, and so was there anyone else that that they've changed sexuality, post or made clear. It was just dumbledore's gay. Well, she never she just made it like. I think there was a question people were like. Oh is this yeah? Is this true, or is this not true and she's like yeah? No, it is, I feel, like you get a couple of those maybe but like if you start like changing a bunch of stuff after, like start like clarifying things after the fact, it's like just let the books be. I wouldn't comment because she does extensive um, like the potter more like she has extensive um. You know background and additional information and all that that's been going on for years. Is she the richest woman in the world? No, it's jeff, bezos's, wife, oh yeah, from the divorce. Isn't that awesome? Isn't that crazy half of somebody's money and you're still like I don't know we were just talking about that the other day was it more, never less than half it was less okay. I think she got like 30 billion. It's [, __ ] awesome. I bet you they could have gotten more but, like probably they're rich, she should have got a better lawyer, so much money. So what does that mean? Because the lawyer gets a cut of that looks like the the richest woman in the world is actually the the walton uh walmart yeah, the walmart uh heiress dude goes down the cover. Jeff bezos, you put her in the top ten. Maybe is that what happened? Oh yeah, she's a looks like four number. Four man, that's a that's a [ __ ] settlement right. There, boy alice, alice, oh she's, rich as [ __, ] that what do you think? What do you do with 54 billion dollars? I have no idea: steal, [, __, ] health care from low paid workers like I just that boggles my mind like just creep like people are so like disassociated from, but especially walmart. It's like dude, you don't even give like you like cut people's hours so that they don't have full-time employment and they live on food stamps. There was a post on reddit yesterday of a t-shirt. They, like, I, don't know if it was one walmart or was a corporate thing that they gave to their employees and it was like the what's the flag statue where they're lifting the flag up like the soldiers- oh yeah, that's yeah, iwo jima marine. Did you see, there's like the walmart interpretation of it where it shows like the doctors, the empty firefighters and then the lifting the walmart flight yeah, the walmart vest like lifting the american flag and it's like they posted that and then pull that up. Oh an employee posted that yeah, okay, it I I yeah. It looks real l'oreal man, hair products. What's up dude, I would not have thought of that yeah. How do you make your life better with 50 billion dollars? I don't know their shampoo is bomb though they got that fruity ass, shampoo. Oh, I hate that. Well, you obviously don't know what you're talking about, because she's worth 50 billion dollars. Look at her hair looks kind of like her hair. Yeah she's got some loose ends there. What do you call that little split she's got split ends for sure wait. This is a pretend she's. This is a really bad endorsement for her. I don't think they do. Only shampoo, though I think they do probably do beauty, yeah and yeah. I don't think the [ __ ] family, wow, 38 billy billy. What do these [ __ ]? Do the coke family, the [ __ ] family yeah, the cup? What do they do? They sell oil or do they say underneath? Why aren't there so many billionaires? You would think. No, you do. What do you even do with that money? The the co coke industries uh involved in the manufacturing of petroleum chemicals, energy, fiber, polymers they're in the polymer business polymer, it's all oil, it's all oil yeah! I guess. What's the bell dumpling mystery box, oh she's spitting a sent it to us. Actually yeah yeah. You want to smell it. No, we occasionally get it out and smell it. It was a big mistake. Last time, I'm kind of curious. No, your curiosity is done. The spit of an internet legend is in that yeah. Stop. You made me look at like videos. This is like this is the like, the the grounding that I need in my mind, yeah you watch that stupid bathwater one and I was like no, oh well, so so she's the internet for today there's also belly lint in there. If you want really from skippy the virginia virgin, we have a jarvis body, something for the ladies as well when she was doing the bath. While we were coming up with all sorts of ideas- and I like, I can't I think we had ideas. Other people did where they were testing the water, but like what, if you made like a pot of mac and cheese with it, that's a good idea. I was like shut it down, shut it down. You know what I was trying to do. Uh I tried to get her to fart in a jar and send it to me she wouldn't no. She sent a spit instead because I was like that'd be awesome. Oh my gosh uh mackenzie bezos yeah, crushing it jacqueline mars who's that mars bars. Oh candy. What dude that mars? Crazy, that's crazy and then 35 billion dollar candy wait! Is it kind of funny that they make pet food and yeah what pet like? I wonder, what name must be some like one of the big brands wow. That explains why mars bars taste like dog food. Do you think that much money would make your life worse um like do you think it would bring? I think, at a certain point of wealth like once you cross a billion or not, I mean billions like trust, anyone that likes you for you, it's all just going to be. I feel like it would just be super. Like I don't know, I really I couldn't even empathize with being that rich it just it feels like you see all the stories of people winning the lottery and just like, destroys their lives yeah because they have no. They have no right systems right in place to handle, then think of, like the fact that you, like you, ha you're, so well, you have to have systems in place to handle that you know yeah, you have to have systems even get that farm right in business. Just like who do you, you know how do you have like genuine relationships with people or it like forces you to like only have relationships with like a certain like class of people who are closer. I think there's a lot of that for sure, like I even feel weird, you know doing the youtube stuff because, like you know, like I'd, still consider myself like a normal person and, like you know, occasionally, someone will like recognize you on the street, but people will talk to me and there's always like the suspicion, or this kind of, like you know, like hesitation of knowing, in my mind how I perceive people on youtube back in the day and like being careful with how I communicate things to them or like what I say, because it's almost like you're giving them a bunch of like information that they, you know what I'm saying like it's almost weird like sometimes yeah, there's. Definitely that level of yeah. I mean that's kind of just like it's harder to break down into people and be more of a human like you're, like you're defensive walls. You do way more frequently and I am like constantly like- I really think about what I'm saying, because because of the fact that I'm not like exclusively in youtube right, it's like it's what my husband does and people will ask me things and at first you kind of think it's innocent and you're, just like talking have a conversation, be like oh wait. This is really personal like I can't you know, I I'm very aware of it at this point. This is more early on, but you can't it's like. I can't tell you all these things. I can't tell you about people, I'm you know that he's close to their friends. Just because it is it's, you can't it's a trust thing. Yeah yeah! I mean it's one of the it's kind of just one of the pitfalls right yeah, but it gets worse, the yeah, the higher you right and like that terrifies me like we, you know we've still had not like super bad problems, but it's like when people call you like that, sucks like it just sucks it sucks for everybody sucks for them. I don't even answer my phone anymore. Yeah, unless I know who it is, but if you're like expecting someone to call- and you don't know what the number is going to be- I don't answer it. It [, __, ], my life. So many times we miss deliveries or yeah. I just don't answer questions. I don't answer, I don't you see how you think the day like we just had our roof done and he's like. Oh, I need to call you for something today, but I don't have the number like you know the call from different number, not the company one, I'm like it's a huge gamble. When you answer on yeah, I do I get very anxious right, yeah. I know a lot of people have two phones yeah. I don't want to carry two phones, yeah, just yeah yeah, that's the life baby. You made it uh yeah. It gets worse. That aspect gets worse, but you get used to it, but I'm obviously but like you guys, have had, I think, probably the worst of some of the people like uh yeah. I mean as bad as you can on just being a youtuber yeah, although we don't have stalker like nobody wants to [ __ ] me, so I think that that's it that's a I've word, but do you have to deal with those people that like want to get you? No one wants to [ __ ] me. Well, I'm like for people. I think people want to [ __ ] you, but I think the fact that we're married and have a kid right makes the people get obsessed with. You know you can't control when someone is obsessed, but I'm not a heartthrob like there's like these single women and women who are like heart throbs and they play up into the angle. So I think that's another angle. That's probably creepy. I definitely am glad that I'm not we don't you're. I think you're a heart, but you're married yeah yeah. I don't know, I think people think he never had it. That's I mean look at this yeah. That's not true! Thank you. I would stalk you. Thank you. You're welcome, yeah. I was the only people that would stalk him are going to be like kids, that are like science, nerds yeah. It's never really. It's always just kind of like, like we've, actually seen kids sort of approach, the house too, and they almost like realize at that point like. Oh, this is not a good idea. I've gone too far like they realize what they've done and they realize they start to get those feelings of like I'm approaching a stranger when they start thinking about like how am I gonna like what am I gonna say. What am I gonna do yeah and they're like? Actually, this is a bad idea. I think the only people that have actually approached the house ring the doorbell or whatever come to the house. To talk to me are people who are not. I don't mean this as insult, but it's just an observation. It kind of has to be true that they have some kind of something some kind of uh, yeah or they're, really young. That was sort of like some sort of mental health issues. Yeah, like I would, I would say where they don't think that that's a string, I think I think a lot of them have some some level of autism where they don't understand. They can't put the yeah yeah exactly because they'll they'll come up to you and they're super nice and they act like they. Don't understand anything that anything's wrong with this right and they're, really nice kind of like a kid like when the kid does like they don't get a lot of, but it's like dude. You know it's like right cool to meet you, but you know you can't do this yeah and then do you ever feel like people are kind of like, like someone's looking at you from the corner like if you're at the grocery store yeah always always always. Are they like? Do I smell bad or do they? No, they know who you are. I love you. You know. Sometimes it's just like random, you like it. They have no idea just you had like a weird feeling for some reason or you go to you know vidcon, although it got canceled. Oh I've never seen here. You went to vidcon and I get really um hounded because they won't want to necessarily go to him because, especially if he's doing something or they can see and I'm kind of standing, you know I'm like I'm the wife clearly [ __ ] with me and all this stuff and they're, like you, know, 21 questions about william again because she's not used to that because, like he's like you're, just normal people, but when you're concentrated like in an area because they want to know like as a child and did it as a child. Like all these questions- and you know it's super like genuine that what they want to know, but then you're like. Oh, this is a lie and it's very information you have to say. Then you have to skirt the oh. It's very unusual. You feel rude when you're like hey. I can't right. I can't tell you that right yeah, but you never would do that in your normal day life. It's very strange because she's, like she's not like been trained to like put the walls up kind of protect her, be careful like what I think I've gotten like you get used to it right, but again it's like it's not like it. You make your first youtube video and it happens overnight. It's a very gradual and slow thing, and we we don't go to the we used to go to one grocery store, and that was like every time guaranteed. We went yeah everything that was. It was always pleasant experiences. It was always positive yeah, but I mean I scream at william a lot when he's doing stupid things, which is very often in public people, are like. Oh, my gosh, really I, if he's doing something I mean I'm just like the shopping, cart, yeah like stop it like william, get off and get the water have. We ever had a fight. We've had maybe a couple times fights in public, but I think we're both very aware of like we can't yeah we gotta. We gotta keep this together for now once and I told you I said you can't do that right now: yeah just keep it together at the park, we're doing that yeah and I was probably mad at you for a very valid reason. I probably did something, but I was like you can't yeah, but just pull it together and they have cameras and like no, I know we'll get in the car and then we'll talk to you just yell at me in the car yeah just hold it. He was like, thank god that we're here he's like. Let me run out of the car and go to the safety of these people. I'm like we need guys like us, need carers. Yes, oh my god, you have no idea. I I'm not a very responsible adult I get about there's. I have no visual cue. That would lead me to believe that yeah sort of nothing about you. He made him an ideal consequence. He okay, so he's a responsible adult in certain things, like he's really responsible with finances like even like before youtube like he would take care of our taxes. Like he's really responsible with a like certain specific, that's a good one, so it's a really good one completely irresponsible he's. Really. I won't do my laundry though yeah I'll, just let it but that'll. Let that's just different levels of of of care. Yeah like I will go until I'm out of underwear yeah that doesn't find when we first started dating, he would go inside out yeah and pull underneath like that's fine, that's who he died to me. That's fine, but I, like legitimately, have obsessive-compulsive disorder and, like that's. Hence like I have a therapist. You think it's not okay! For me to wear the same thing, it is not the things that will give me anxieties like I, don't even ask him to do it, not on purpose. It's never going to happen. Just yeah we'll see. I think I can do all the cleaning, because it has to be done. The way that I need it to be to control my anxiety and so he's like she's, like a different level of like it works. Why don't you get a cleaner, but we come to agreements together because there was a time when, like I wasn't working as much so I was cool doing it. But then now I work a lot, so I'm like well [, __ ] that I'm not doing it, but we just gotta clean her yeah because I was never gonna wash dishes to the level that I should right. I just I can't do it. I hate it. I just throw them in the dishwasher yeah. I just throw them out and buy new ones. Put them in the dresser. They'll put them in the dishwasher yeah. But the thing is you gotta rinse it in the dishwasher? Well, just don't. I can't tell you when and I'm like well, you know, but but I'll do it later in the day, not immediately it's very yeah. How often do you have a cleaner uh? We at the la house, we were run uh. We were renting the house and we were hiring a cleaner because it was. I saw her in the background of the roomba video yeah. They were absolutely mortified um. She she's, like I, have to clean that yeah. Well, we actually did mostly because the carpet we bought a piece of carpet, so the carpet was just sitting there, but it did leak through a little bit. I also let the carpet sit there for like a month outside, not in the house outside with all yellow on it with uh pudding yeah, and it was all right. It was rotten and I couldn't [ __ ], try all by myself, because it was too heavy, and so I ended up having to like cut it up, so I could fold it to fit in the trash. That's disgusting, like I made a mistake. I should have thrown this away immediately because that doesn't it's like it's not in the house, yeah yeah! They that at that place, because michael and I were living there, yeah and and michael is- does not clean anything, and so it was like we have to hire cleaners, because I I don't want to do it and I didn't. I really don't want her to be like you've got to get it clean. That to me is like one of the first most necessary luxuries. You can get when you're successful. I think it's, but that is time much better. I'm still gonna clean after cleaning up. So that's that's your product because I have food, but that's because it's something that I oh, my god, but would it help you at all um certain things like, so what if you could teach her to clean like you, clean yeah, there are certain things I don't like. I really enjoy cleaning because it's an anxiety, yeah. I do and I have since I was little wow, it's an anxiety, reducing behavior for me. So there are certain things I don't like, though, like I don't like cleaning baseboards, I don't really, particularly. I don't think I've ever cleaned a baseboard. What even I don't know what that is. What are we talking about the face like? Oh my god? Oh it. What's your favorite cleaning supplies. Lysol nice, like I love spraying lines you like the white. I like the wipes, the wipes I use in the bathroom every day. I just that. I have issues with the clarksville because now they're the best I'm in therapy. Okay, wait besides the baseboards. What do you not so there's just some things like I'm, not a huge fan of mopping. I do it, but I'm not a huge fan of it. So I'm like I could have someone do that someone could mop yeah certain things, but I'm still the kind of per I'm still going to clean every day, I'm not going to deep clean every day, but have a cleaner every day, still going to clean every day, even with work and everything yeah, we have a cleaner every day of doing it. What about so? Which ones do you like uh? So I really like I love vacuuming yeah. She knows you have to definitely only when I'm like on vacuum. Like the phone comes up, boom vacuum comes out, so you have the desk. I love like that, like you know where you're cleaning something and you see something dirty and then it's clean. So I love cleaning the bathroom. I love cleaning, the bathroom. Do you clean the toilet yeah you like it scrubbing the toilet? What about like that behind the toilet, yep wow? What about like the whole toilet? What about like? Do you ever see piss around the toilet? No, I do pretty good job what about when he was living with other dudes. Did you clean their piss? Oh he's clever, because of me yeah we had our own bathroom and he knew how you got to do it. You got to do it yeah. He knows that it's like. I was going to build a thing that detected piss on the seat and then blasted the toilet, but he knows that for me, like me, my cleaning stuff isn't because I'm like wanting to be controlling it's like it's something that I've done with my whole life. Yeah um and you know I didn't- do therapy my whole life for it and stuff, but after the fire, my anxiety, oh my god, so I started seeing a therapist for the fire because I had really bad ptsd and then work. I started finally like acknowledging and working on the ocd. So for me it's an anxiety. I feel like I feel like it was a combination of the fire plus immediately moving into a motor home yeah. We also had that was not luxurious, yeah and not only a motorhome but a motor home on the property of my in-laws yeah. I know that's that's brutal and sharing we were sharing. There was a bathroom. It was his mother, his sister william, and I in one bathroom and then his dad was in another bathroom. So I would like try to eat food at night and have to be super quiet because it's like you, know, you're, it's a it's a motor home like it's the table and the bed right there and it'd be like like eating a cracker but like letting it sit in my mouth to get less salty so that I could like chew it without making her up yeah. That's crazy, yeah man that that's a wild having your house burned down is not uh experienced most people. We haven't lived in the latest for more than one year since the house since then yeah just like every at the end of the lease it's like the last place. They said they weren't going to renew the lease yeah and then they immediately rented it for like 20 percent, more money left. I don't even know if that's legal, um yeah, probably I wonder, yeah, I'm not sure I think it might depend on where it is. Would you have paid 20 more if they asked you? No, no, not for that place, there's just other like other issues and things going on with you yeah and so we've just been like boop boop boop, and it's like, oh my god, yeah. I think you guys should get a cleaner every every weekday. I think it's a good idea, I'm still going to clean every day. Well, if you, if it's something that is therapeutic for you, then yeah, because it doesn't actually feel better. But if there's things that I also would never let anyone do my laundry. I have really severe issues with that because, as a like, I had laundry stolen as a kid he's, laundromats uh yeah, and then I also you know like people like messing up your clothes or like shrinking or like you know, I know how to take care his stuff you I could care less about it. But my thing is it's like okay, I don't want my sweater to be. You know shrunk. I got that I mean, but these these these cleaners. They know what they're doing man it would be a long process for me to gain trust. Okay, I I understand, but but at the other I mean like the the house, where you know the science house, I'm like all for it, because I don't want to clean them up for other people yeah, I my own, but you know our house when it's messy. It's like nothing because of my standards. Yeah, like everything, that's a good, mom quality organized I mean it's pretty glorious. I feel like we both have in my class sort of in the same way like it works. Well, like I sort of do a lot of stuff, but I'm a little bit messier, I feel like we have the exact same dynamic yeah. Although I thrive off of organization and structure like for me yeah. I think I think ila too, and I'm just a lazy, [ __ ] slob dude, just like chaos, I'm just chaos, yeah, brace the chaos like bottled the chaos yeah, you gotta, you gotta, have the balance. If you don't have that balance, things just go all in one direction. Forget when I first came to your apartment and ethan, just all of his clothes were just in a pile on the floor. You know what's wrong with the pile on the side, like just like crazy to me, like a laundry file that someone like did all that mine would go between the bed and the wall. I would shove it in like that cause. I would watch all of his clothes. I would wash it then I would dump it yeah because I didn't want to fold it. But you know, what's crazy. To me is that I didn't get rid of that in preparation for you coming yeah, you weren't like, oh, my goodness. What did you get before? She came. What was like the worst? Oh, I think we were moving out. That's why it was. You were moving out yeah. We were moving out, it looked like, but the second time you came ela my room was clean, don't lie about it. I don't remember, wait the yes wait when you came and I was staying in my own room in that big house, the room, the yeah, you know by the santa cruz diner the whole situation yeah. This is like before you had the pile of clothes. Oh, I thought you talked about the other house. I did. I shove it all in the closet, yeah, oh yeah, but it was still on the floor. I trapped it in the closet, so she wouldn't I see it. No yours was shoved behind your bed like his bed went up against the wall and there was because there was stuff in the closet. I didn't even think I used the closet. I didn't know his closet had like science stuff in it like like yeah yeah science stuff is messy. You want a good closet story, sure we were in the motor home. I uh. We used the shower for storage, clothes and stuff, like that, so it was basically closet because motorhomes have no space to keep clothes and I'm, like I'm a teacher. I have to look nice every day and I can't wear the same thing. So we used the bathroom and the sink in that motorhome because it was a pain in the butt to go down to my parents house, because we were like kind of up on the hillside um and we didn't have any drainage for it, and so we'd have to drive the motor home across town down to like harbor to dump it, and so we would do this like once a month. We pushed it a little bit too far. Was it more, we pushed it a little bit too hard and it started backing up into the shower. Oh it's worse, we were. We were in texas, visiting my grandparents, so we were gone for a week and didn't know that had happened. So the used gray water was slowly filling up the bottom of the shower with all of our stuff. In so wait was there there wasn't like feces or no. The gray water is like the sink water. The black water is the poopy water. So so it doesn't sound that dirty, if you just wash your hands in it. Oh it was it's like dishes, and so you brush your teeth when you're washing dishes, but it like, gets like really narrow and that got all over you yeah yeah. So then again, so the fire happened and I lost you know you know it's like you know, but then it flooded the shower that had like all my shoes and like it was basically like, like five or six, so I just throw away water and, like she had a pair of like uggs like boots yeah completely like bugs, and I had like, like other like running shoes like awesome you're like you, can't clean that you just throw it away and there were some sweaters and yeah. It was just. It was so fun. It was like yay, grey water, so fun don't live in a room. So have you just been become like a guru that doesn't care about any belongings now because you've just like? No, I think I appreciate things more. So I remember like you know you have like the thing like. Oh, this is a special thing and you need to keep it safe like or you know, like. My grandma gave me her pearls from when she was 18 and I was always so afraid to wear them so often because I'm like these are for my grandma and these are old and I I love them, and I appreciate them, but I was afraid to wear stuff because I'm like I don't want to ruin it mm-hmm and then they burned and you're like well how's it going stupid. I mean I wore. I mean I wore them for some really special occasions like I I wore those for my graduation. I wore those on our wedding day. You know things like that, like I have memories and pictures, but um it made me, go like if you're not gonna, get used out of something and you're not gonna enjoy it, then what's the point of having it. So it made me more appreciative of the things that I have and more selective like when I get things like. Is this gonna actually make me happy makes you realize a lot of stuff doesn't matter and then a lot of things don't matter and the things that did. I wish that I would have not been so careful with them and and same thing with, like my mother-in-law she, after because their house was, you know, close to burning and my father-in-law saved it um the same thing she's, like you know these things that had put away these precious family, heirlooms she's like I need these out and display because what's the point, it also makes you realize that you want to have all your documents in one place easy to grab. Do we have that deal sort of sort of, because it's a pain yeah? We had to get everything we had just gotten. Our passwords like we had just rushed our passports because we had done it certificates passed and we had to do it all in our. It was like social security cards passports, marriage certificates. We got in um all of that. That's good advice, yeah, so to have it a tax return. I mean that's, probably the most important thing, because that will save you actually weeks of, like stress, yeah and then money too, like for our passports, I was on the phone with them and a lot of them. They did it for free because of the fire natural disaster passports. They were like. No, you had to pay and I was about to go to europe to see my cousin and so I'm like. I need my passport and I need it in three weeks so, like okay, so you paid expedited, I'm like, but it burned. Last week like I didn't, lose it it burned. So I really had to pay that and they're like they don't care. We don't like [, __ ] you. This is the fee and you're like. I just lost everything and I just want to go. I was still you know my cousin's like you can cancel like. No, I want to go see you because I live in a motor home now, there's grey water, my mother, thank you yeah and then going everywhere. I was like okay. I was calling people because I was going to europe and it was cold like who could let me borrow a jacket who cares? Because I didn't have time to go, find this stuff, let alone you know it's just. It was more of the psychological too, like it was hard to have to admit that you had to replace things yeah like I'll, just borrow from someone, because I still have that there exactly yeah, okay, yeah. No, I do not so well nothing. I would like to close this episode with you taking a bite of the meat mountain in your pocket. Well, good news! Is it's easily accessible? It's probably like hot, it's been in there for like two hours or an hour and a half for sure. It's warm! Is it warm that one side's cool the other side? Oh well, there's something else! I want to discuss with you before before we end this before after uh, you can go for it ew. What did you wait? Let me get a look at that before you go in kind of shiny, oh man, it looks like there's horsey sauce on it, but there's not. There is probably there is now, but I think that's just straight up rot. It still smells like a sandwich. Oh garbage garbage garbage. Oh, come on william back in the pocket baby for later. Yes, um all of our tree, oliver tree broke the coughing beanie. Oh you did. Can you diagnose the issue? It got dropped many many times. Oh yeah, very floppy. Oh that's maria there's, a lot of moving parts, the the hair cutting. You got that from her the girl who used to cut his hair yeah. You have like a she hooked up it up with a mannequin. So what's the problem here? Um, it's so good! Yep, it's uh! It's smashed! It looks like well. Actually I remember those zip ties. You don't really need that in there anymore. What was that for the micro or the speaker? That's a fan. It's so good, because the fan was to put this [Music]. I can't believe it still works, how's that possible that thing's been there for like this to be charged for years. It's been off. It's just double a batteries this this recharge, though I think yeah, because I never figured out how to well. I didn't figure. I just didn't even try to figure out how to power it um. All you gotta do is charge that that's it yeah perfect wait, but so I mean we just assumed it was yeah. We assumed it was broken because it was all like. I mean it's a little bit broken yeah like the stuff's just like flopping about but yeah he was wearing it and it and it fell off until yeah. I mean, like all this stuff was part of the smoke which I took out because I didn't want to burn your guys's office yeah sure um, but other than that it just. I think this is probably so what do we need to do to operate it again? I mean there's just it's just a switch right. Is it double a's yeah mm-hmm, but this already works and then that's just dead, and then you just plug that in and then this plays the sound over this right here. So we can make a comeback on yeah yeah, it's going! That's amazing. It works yeah, it's kicking yeah. This is back when I used to make science videos yeah right. You finished filming that at when we lived in the hotel yeah. This is right. When the house went down yeah and then it was in the hotel, look at this thing: go man. Is it just two? No it's not gonna happen like plugged in these batteries are still kicking. Oh yeah, we don't even need to replace the battery good yeah. Well. Well. Well, that's exciting! Well! Uh, william osman, crabs and science yeah yeah on twitter you're, trying to get william osman yeah the guy, but I like crabs, that's kind of how I feel I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't really like the idea of someone else having my name: yeah [, __, ], that guy your crabs and stuff. So he was willing to give it to me. But then I'm sitting do I change it? Oh, he was yeah because he got he got it because of it. I would change it and then I would change it yeah I mean crabs of science is great, but to find right and I'm not verified now. So it's like it's probably yeah smarter on is this on twitter, twitter, yeah, so uh, william ostman on on youtube. That's it that's the channel! That's the thing! Yeah yeah, don't worry about the takedown. No, no, are you allowed to to um? Are you allowed to say bad things about tick? Tock? I don't think they care they. Don't they just want the videos yeah. I mean it's. Oh they're, watching yeah I mean it's like it is what it is. It's just. It's just probably not like something that you would really spend too much time with. You know in the big picture, what what's more, which what's your time, better youtube? Yeah youtube, not yeah! I don't have any. Oh. We just recorded a like a discord game show where we did that we had people give us their invention, ideas. Oh that's a great yeah. It was a total [, __ ] yeah, I was wondering. Did you get any good ideas, a lot of really bad ideas, but there were a couple ideas that were just like good, like one was this like uh inflatable pregnancy sweater so that you could like go on like public transit and people would feel bad and give up their seatbelts. So you, like you inflate it and then you get on and you're like either. I mean if you're a guy that is like fat um, one that was like makes you taller. It's got like leg extenders make you as tall as the person you're talking to so it can like see how tall they are. That sounds expensive yeah. No, I mean it wouldn't be too bad. I don't think. What's a good tick, tock idea, um, I do see that's the thing is I don't know so if you fart in a jar and seal it, how long does the methane? How long does the methane stay and stay active? It would probably stay in there for a long time. Because could you so you should do one where it's like one day later, one week later, one month. How do you like keep like fart consistency, though, like just you just keep eating the same thing: you're gonna eat those yeah. You think the input matters yeah, because I would think that the output doesn't vary that much in terms of the gas yeah. But if it like, you know, I mean it's science tell me your farts, don't smell different every time. Sometimes they smell like trash. Sometimes they smell like a rotting corpse all good. You know. How do you tell all right? Well, I'm following you, I am following you on tick tock. You are yes, you have a tick tock. I am. I am a. I have a viewer yeah. I just I just want to know. What's going on there and and somehow you're one of the first channels I stumbled across and I started following all these. I think they might be promoting the science channels, so I can't even tell people actually want to watch the videos if they're doing it artificially, because I've just somehow found all these science shows, but I actually like them. I think they're interesting yeah yeah, which is better than teenage girls, dancing yeah yeah correct and that's that's my problem. It's like you know the vast majority of what's on. There is teenage girls yeah. I haven't gotten to that portal. Somehow I don't know, I think you have to take some actions to end up there, [Laughter]! No! No, because I haven't seen it. I don't see that many, as you see lots of science and I see lots of pranks and I see lots- you don't spend a lot of time on it, though you would think enough where I would see an underage girl. What's with the, how is there a platform literally that just serves you underage girls, dressed in little clothing? Really that's the whole [ __ ] platform? Dude, that's crazy! I don't know man, that's [, __, ], crazy! Don't no think about that. I feel like last. I saw they weren't in bikinis. Is that, like a new development yeah, I think they've generated because it in the beginning it was more about the dance right. Oh uh, zach just said the biggest tip [ __ ] is 16 years old. Really, what's her name zach, I said charlie yeah, yeah yeah, the emilio marshmallow. Her name is charlie c-h-a-r-l-I, but it started with when it was musically. It was really about wait. This girl is 16 years old and then she's. She I feel so bad for her too. I see all sorts of stuff wait. Is there twins or is that? What is that? A weird meme, oh because they look like identical or I guess not, they look different. I just saw her post on twitter, the other day about 16 and she's number one yeah she's, like 60 million followers, or something and so uh yeah, and so like she's like not wearing a lot of clothes, no she's, actually not so bad, but it's a lot of like yeah yeah yeah. It is very pro yeah, very productive, not 16. Acting it's so much! It's like it's very like just, and then people treating you like you're, very yeah and people being very judgmental, and you sort of like I seen on twitter. I think just the other day she's complaining about people uh like yeah. I know I'm boring, because people were like commenting on a live stream. She had done on tick tock. Oh, she does the same thing like she just makes the same sounds and this and that and they're like just like roasting and like mean, and it's like she's 16 years old she's like who knows you know been like propelled by this platform. You know yeah dude, I'm all that's man and that should still yeah. It breaks my heart or the worst thing that can happen to you as a teenager is to become really famous yeah right. Well, yeah, exactly I mean I, I genuinely think most people think that I'm just being stupid, like people are not receptive to this, but becoming famous, can be the worst thing that happens a lot of times to people. I think, especially depending on how old you are, and then what are your circumstances and how you deal with it, how your family, and all of that I think it's similar to you- know just social media in general like what it does to your brain. Is it just it messes with how you operate on a day-to-day basis? You know like you're, either like afraid of people or like constantly paranoid, or you know just that. You're like like what rewards you get from interacting with people, may change and you're, like you're, less likely to interact with your old friends, because you don't feel as important as like your new, more famous friends kind of thing. You know what are you guys going to be eating for dinner? What am I going to be eating for dinner? Meat mountain left probably left over me mountain yeah. Is that enough to tie you up probably going to want to have you seen this thing because yeah I mean yeah, I ate most of it already. I got through like half of it, but I'm wondering you did not get half of it. Is he really going to eat that uh he's a wild card? He could either if he feels bad, he might not, but if he doesn't feel too I'm not going to eat it in one sitting yeah. But that's what I mean like, but I'm saying, if like we were like leaving and you started like ooh my stomach's feeling bad, you might not bro. You can't safely transport that from your pocket and then you have to drive back to stay in my pocket until I get it out next and eat it. That's not. I'm gonna not encourage it, but I can't force him to do anything, but that's enough food for you to type because you're like a skinny yeah fit. Thank you just one meat mountain, because that's the only weight during this covenant. It's got to be like two thousand calories. I know, but I'm just telling you. I can't just be satisfied with one meme. You need two wee mountains. No, I need something I'm done with the mountain. Well, like I eat normal foods. Look how look? How look? How like embarrassed? You are for me. It makes me sick. It makes me sick. I mean you are you know a little bit chunkier than you were on the first podcast, the very first podcast who was there, for I mean yeah, of course, yeah. I know that too much. What's your point during quarantine, though he actually did he gained like over 10 pounds. Did he lose it? No, no! I'm going to make an invention to help. He hasn't make an invention that makes it harder for me to eat the more I eat, even his mom, so you're dieting right now. That's why you're limiting yourself to one well, not dieting, he's not dieting or exercising. Is it a problem if you get fat for you? No, but I just don't want him to like get diabetes or have a heart attack. That's why that's what you girls say, but I just don't think and by the way, there's nothing wrong with not finding me attractive as a fat man, but I I don't think he looks different, but I also believe you don't want him. He brings it up. He's like I gained weight and he told me I'm like no. You didn't step on the scale and I'm like, but you know it's not fun. You're like it's depressing. I know you can't run around and um with it or you like get tired. You know, yeah. I know it's about longevity like I want you to be around for a long time, so if you eat by the way, you're in great shape. Thank you yeah. Thank you yeah. I don't say anything if you eat meat mountain every day, you will knock me. I can barely get me it versus like I run and I work out like do cardio. I do everything, strength, training and he's like I'll go on. Maybe one walk and usually it's like food involved. Once you look, I was gonna say once you look like me, then I mean that's a journey though I don't know, but it happens. I I I mean no one in his family I've been able to like been lucky to just stay skinny yeah. Everyone is family, feel like at that point. Now we're really just going. I have to be more careful, yeah yeah. I don't know anyone that, like really and even your dad like when he thinks he's a little bit over. It's like it's still. No one will look at that and go he's overweight for the record, though I just don't want to say I did not eat finish. My mead mountain and hila did promise me something in return for throwing it out so, but you're gonna try to spin this, like you, do really need pizza, but just remember I could have finished that meat mountain. What is the point that you're trying? I just wanna yeah it's for you for pinning this conversation for later, when I say it's time to make mistakes and then you fight, I still want it. Okay, but you guaranteed me safe passage. Yeah he's gonna get like meat lovers. I don't want to pay any tariffs on this [ __ ] man that you're making here we can get mexican. You want mexican friday. Is that, like preparing anything over a pizza yeah every friday, we go because we have the podcast. Then we always go. Let's get [ __ ] mexican food man. Well, what the [ __ ] do you want? Eli doesn't ever want to eat anything, it's just so annoying! You just want italian food. Who cares you, like you, like pasta, yeah? It's boring, but yeah [, __ ], one hate's possible. Thank you. I feel like I'm. The only person that doesn't like it's, not fine, it's just so [ __ ], like okay, noodles and sauces noodles and sauce noodles and sauce lasagna, is the most exciting hold on. Let's put some green peas in it, okay that didn't make a big [, __, ], difference, noodles and sauce. I made like a penne pasta with like the beyond meat like a baked one. You liked that I mean yeah, but at the same time, just possible. It's pasta, yeah! Thank you, you liked it. I did like it it's just, but if I had a choice I would honestly eat almost anything other than pasta. It's a travesty, william hates spaghetti specifically spaghetti. I [ __ ] hate spaghetti, that's crazy! That we have that same mom just made spaghetti. I hate spaghetti and the noodles are annoying to eat. It's messy. It doesn't really eat them. It doesn't really even absorb the sauce just like you're eating worms. How are you going to talk about that? But you have no problem eating meat, then. Well. I thought that that [ __ ] does not function dude. Did you see how dynamic and complex do I need to pull up the list of ingredients again, but I've learned a couple of culinary masterpieces. He doesn't like spaghetti, so I don't force it and I don't be like well I'm going to like we're going to have this so be yeah, I'm not saying that you're crazy! He ate your shitty beyond meat, I'm just kidding he had seconds it was actually it was actually it was really good, but I like beyond meat, I still think pasta. You know in general in general, you know what sometimes I like, I like gnocchi when it's done really. Well. I like that too, because it's kind of interesting, it's fluffy, it's just unique. It has character right, dumplings now, I'm hungry, but not for. Like I have some time, I have meat mountain in my pocket. He has food on him. We should go to a dog park. Can we go dog park? No, let me know in my pocket [Laughter] all right, well, uh. What what else is there to say really at this point? I don't think anything other than like you know I mean we could figure out like you guys want to do some stupid stuff in the future. I think you talked about the uh gatsby yeah. You have any ideas, I mean you, what do you want to make it do? It sounds like it already goes pretty fast. What if we could give it a speed boost for a channel they could go faster. Can we add, like a button like um, to make it go from like nitro yeah nitro, I mean it'd be a lot of like basically probably well. I don't know we'd have to see what it looks like on the inside, but I mean you could definitely make it go faster. Hmm. What can we do? I'm gonna think about you put a rocket on it. We do not need it to go faster, that's already an issue, that's kind of what I was thinking, some drywall in our office. So you want to do something to it to it and keep it. I think we should increase its destructive force by maybe fastening weapons to it from your seat or something. Oh, you mean like it's 0-60, no like if you're someone's seated you get them out of there yeah. That seems dangerous, but you want to keep it at the end of the day, but I don't care no, it's destructible, because you could make it go really fast, but someone see I don't want it to be dangerous. I don't want someone to necessarily die, not necessarily, but if we mount weapons or like punching mechanism or battery and see you know, gatsby verse, whatever I bought um [Music], no, never mind I'll. Tell you later, okay, but I think a gatsby verse like concrete wall, yeah, gatsby, verse, yeah yeah, I think, or plywood drywall yeah concrete, like what can't it let's [ __ ]. Let's put, let's see what, where the limit is like a replica human body like the um ballistics gel, I think that would be fantastic like like what would have happened to you. Yes, at full speed with the gatsby like everybody's, been asked. I think I think that's a really good video, a human with the gatsby. I think that's a really really good idea and I'm not saying that sarcastically. I, like I, like that idea, a lot like fake bones in it and just see what happens or be creepy like william and get real bones. Yeah were those real bones. Yeah, you know you can buy it. He bought yeah, you can buy skulls. I didn't know you bought real bones. You can buy real skulls on yeah. He he made a big one. I looked into it. He wanted to get yeah um, but yeah. It's kind of creepy whose hand was it you bought. I have no idea somebody's yeah and it was on how did it end up yeah? You can buy human finger bones on amazon. The whole set was a hundred bucks for the for one finger: who's, [, __ ] food. That means that somebody in a mortuary is like punt like there's getting bones. There's like a whole history to it. Apparently, like I looked into it like it's, there was there. It was uh there. There were problems, it wasn't on the up and up. No. This is like everything and it's on amazon yeah, but they're, all old bones. Okay, you can't buy new businesses, they can't buy them. They realize that people were turning it too much into like a a business profiting off of your bones. Yeah. That seems honest, yes, and so let's just get the [ __ ] old idiot. So everything that's in circulation can stay in circulation, but you cannot, you can't get it so there's there's a there's got to be quite a street value on human rights. They're expensive, a skull is like two grand whoa yeah. He went down a rabbit hole during this. That was very, very that's, interesting, terrified and repulsive yeah, and I like I had you know: anyways many people told me, do not buy a human skull, and so I didn't you did didn't. No, I didn't he didn't. I did oh gosh. No. I got yelled at by a couple. People yeah, including me. No, that's a little weird, it's a little dahmer-esque. I just thought it was interesting. Yeah on amazon, no there's different websites that like are they dark web or legit they're, just real websites, not like ebay, human remains.org. Basically like I think I didn't want to think. Like one of them was like bone room or something which sounds kind of the bone room, can you even have [Laughter]? Yes? Well, it's been uh such a ride. It's been a joy and it's been a pleasure to meet both of you. Thank you. Thank you, I'm so happy that you came. It was very nice to have you here as well summer break oh good, yeah, officially and um um keep slamming. I really like the idea we just cooked up about the gatsby, the destructive gatsby just the force of because it is really a force of destruction yeah. So I think that would be a really fun. Video people, love destruction. Yeah. I do yeah it's just it's too easy to watch you could, let's do it yeah? Oh I, let's [ __ ]. Do it cool? That's the plan, destroy things for the gatsby yeah, that's very much up williams alley. Just not in our house! Please yeah! We can do it uh. Where can we do it we'll have to? Maybe we should just there's like a place in the desert that I like to go to. Oh, the desert's, a good one or like a big parking lot, you could find somewhere like just a parking lot. Yeah walmart parking lot, that's [, __, ] crazy. What are you gonna do because I wanna mount like walls like a drywall, yeah and just like and then like then like a thicker wall like a sheet of wood, could use a youtube space. You think they would. Let us well, you sort of just got to explain what you're doing in like a more like professional scientific manner. I mean that william did the explaining we're gonna test the failure mode of the mobility scooter like we're, gonna crush it with the gas. Don't worry, we're gonna need the biggest room you have and just leave us alone yeah unless you just crash into the wall. Oh I'm looking forward to that, and congratulations on two million subbies too. By the way. That's great! It's awesome. I don't know how I feel about it. It's there. I didn't even know it's great like whatever. So, oh really, I'm glad yeah all right guys! Well, um! Thank you all so much for watching. It's been a privilege and a pleasure and uh today's friday, so have a great weekend actually saturday, because this comes out on saturday, even though we're filming on friday, you get it and um we'll be back next week, the week after that, we have oliver tree right. No, no! Oh! I keep failing on you. No, no! Well, whatever you guys will just figure it out he's uh a month. Basically, a month from today, okay mid mid july is when he's coming, because his album was delayed. Okay, that's it! That sounds great well guys! That's really all there is to say and um I'll leave you with this potent um this potent message: h3h3 is [ __ ] innocent! Thank you, everybody that was the most like low energy, [Music] baby, [Music], [, __ ].