Two here we are baby, just like I promised on well today's tuesday, but it's coming out on wednesday, two episodes a week, two episodes a week here we are, I kept my promise, even though I should remind you that there are no sponsors today. This is just love for the game. That's how we roll baby, although I would appreciate you going to either h3h3shop.com and buying our commemorative 200 episodes, t-shirt, which, let's be honest, doesn't really commemorate 200 episodes at all. Now that I'm looking at it just a picture of me of my gut as the earth, I guess it reminds me of all the taste that this is but like r kelly on there or, like I don't know all this stuff kind of we talked about the memes, but hey. This is the shirt we've got all right or because we don't have sponsors, keep the energy level high. You can go to teddyfresh.com and get any number of excellent items there. So many excellent items to make you happy and feel beautiful. Okay. First, I would like to tell you all something very urgent and important. I have been playing the ghost of shishimi tsushima and I have to tell you all: I've probably been paying for maybe like five, maybe six hours- I don't know, but so far I have to say really good. I give it my personal approval. I like the game, I don't play, but I like watching it's so good. I highly recommend it to everybody um, it's like skyrim, samurai style, but the story and the act- and I I just like- usually I'm so annoyed by video game, dialogue and story and like the mannerisms of the face and everything, but this one, I'm loving everything about it. The combat the dialogue when he gets you get to see his ass when he goes in a hot spring. I didn't see that yeah. You haven't seen that yeah like that. Didn't he it's really beautiful, too beautiful, unbelievable. So there you have it highly recommend. Now I want to start the day off with something light and fun. You know we've been doing this kind of story of the year segment. So ela you, I don't know, did you watch this hela? I did yeah but um. I was dying man, this guy, so I'll just play the damn thing story of the year start us off with a laugh block. Dozens of calls after her ex-partner, allegedly took her phone number and plastered on polls here around the cbd, telling people to call up and impersonate chewbacca for a chance to win 100. This would be the most childish breakup. I've ever had like all you had to do was be mature and go. I don't love you anymore. I want to move on. The calls have been waking her and her three young children up at odd hours in the evening and they're yet to stop. Well, I'm getting phone calls at really strange hours of the night. That's the best! That's the best! This guy should be whatever he's doing. He should have a career in comedy. I never heard of such a thing in my life, it's awful too, but it's like perfectly awful, because people are just making chewbacca calling you and making chewbacca sounds. Oh so funny you paused it like slightly before the ending okay forced to call back the wannabe, wookies and tear down the posters wow. So now so the people are calling trying to 100 bucks and then they get some random woman, calling back say, tear down that poster. It's like lady where's. My hundred did I win or not so shout out to uh. It sounded so good did this guy, so he must not hate her that much or maybe he's just he's like a um he's like a good-natured hater, because usually when you break up you imagine clothes on the sidewalk or tires being slashed, I mean a dirty breakup right, like she's, very upset this guy's, like nah chewbacca, calling you all day, it's pretty creative. It depends how long he keeps it up. Frankly. Is this like a weekend event or is this like? I'm gonna keep this up for years nah. I can't imagine that because then we're talking some real revenge. You change your change, your number yeah, but he finds it. They have three kids together. You think he doesn't know her number. Oh, I don't know if he has the kids uh he'll find the number ela. Let's assume he can find the number and he keeps it going for 10 years you're. Just taking it too far, right now and um yeah we'll move on. Yes, this is drama that has shook the next story. It shook the gaming world to its very core joe rogan king of enlightenment. The greatest thinker of our generation has come down hard on video games and it's been trending all over twitter people have been saying joe. How could you do this to us? Gamers are your foundation and you dare speak ill of me. I don't feel that funny when I'm just looking at ian's face blankly and un and without any joy or any pleasure at all ian's just sitting there, I'm trying to be funny, as I can be, and ian's going. All I see is ian's face going. You are bullying me. I gotta minimize this because at yeah um I don't think we need to have it open. No, it's killing me! It's like the toughest crowd. Ever it's like being on stage and everyone's just staring at you. It's like you feel so unfunny, I'm kind of sick. It's okay! You shouldn't have been it's. Not your fault! I mean you didn't know you were being watched. That's a weird sound bite zack, I gotta just say: oh, that was that was a sound bite that was a zombie. If you sound by him saying that was a weird sound bite, then this cycle of insanity will never stop. No, it will not. Oh my god. I thought it was real. So ian when you pick your his sound by choices are so interesting. He'll just play me going like go I'll, say something like oh, yes, uh yeah. I had lunch and he'll sound by, but that's what's so. Genius is because why would he sound like that? And then we just we have no idea who's talking. Yeah genius is one way to look at it. I think it's great and he's down by him saying I'm ate lunch or whatever. I appreciate that. Thank you see. That was a sound bite, because I've heard that one ian when you're really talking you should do like this. You go because he doesn't have anything like that. I know that, but if I do that, he'll sound bite that [Laughter] he'll sound by you saying that this is all a sound bite. I'm not actually talking all right enough of this. Joe rogan has shook the gaming world as if he was atlas. You know how atlas holds the world world on his shoulders. Joe rogan was atlas and the world was video games and he said, and he did a super suplex flipping sidekick and smashed it because he does mma anyway, here's what he said. This was like a big debate on twitter and I'll. Show you the clip, and then we will discuss, seek refuge in drugs or video games or something that stimulates them and video games are a real problem, their real problem. You know why because they're [ __ ] fun and you don't yeah. Well, I'm I have a real problem with them and you you, you do them and they're real exciting, but you don't get anywhere right. It's like you could do like. Like martial arts right, you could learn jiu jitsu, you get obsessed by jiu jitsu and then three years later, you're you're, like an elite jiu jitsu athlete you're, like you're entering in competitions, you're a purple belt you're moving up, yeah you're, doing well you're. Thinking like I might be able to open my own school one day that confidence yeah. If I have a hundred students and those hundred students are paying me x amount of dollars per month, I can make a living holy [, __ ] I can have a this, would be amazing, and then you see your jiu jitsu school and your jiu jitsu instructor has all these students and drives a mercedes and he's got a nice family and, like that's the future, this way you're doing something exciting and fun, and you don't or you could just be playing [ __ ] video games. Three years later, you could be that same kid. Just playing video games waiting for the next vicks, whatever the [ __ ] game is, you know next xbox game to come out. Do you think there's just as many people who are three years later, just doing jiu jitsu yeah, there's actually there's probably way more opportunities for a career in gaming than jiu-jitsu? That's why the whole argument that he's making didn't make any sense to me, but um, I think, he's probably just not really aware of the scene of streamers and the gaming, the amount of money, the sports and all that the gaming uh renaissance, there's kind of been a gaming renaissance in the past five years, where actually it seems like if you are really good at a game like unusually good at a game, you can almost certainly make a living doing it now, if you just stream because enough people are going to want to watch, you play you're going to make a living from it, probably even the whole ecosystem around it of uh. You know youtube channels about pro gaming, and you know the commentary and all that I mean, but a lot of money in it. I love in his analogy that being a taekwondo teacher is like the pinnacle of success. I mean. How often does that happen? How many taekwondo teacher successful tag condo teachers are there in the country like? Like? I don't know a thousand, I mean I don't know, maybe more, but I mean it seems like such a niche job, but you know I do feel like video gamers get more [ __ ] than people with other hobbies, for example, that it's like a generational bias. I mean look, it's the same thing. It's like. We all got hobbies, we're all gonna [ __ ] die. What does it matter in the end? You know what I mean it's like dude, you did taekwondo. I played video games for three I mean who [ __ ] cares. Ultimately, I think it's just the lack of physical movement, well that I agree with and being like, physically in the same room with other people or physically engaged in anything. I think that's. What is their problem? I think that's very important and I do think well, if you're going to spend three years doing taekwondo or video games. Obviously, if it was up to me, which one I enjoyed more, I wish I would be doing taekwondo because you'll be jacked. You'll be able to kick, beat up bullies and um yeah that'd be way better for you, probably mentally physically and everything, but I mean mentally, I don't know, seems like video games. Do I mean like confidence, wise, okay, because video games do require a lot of focus? That's why I feel like brain power separately. If you look at video games, gamers catch so much [, __ ], there's such a stigma against being a video gamer like just take. When I was a kid I would sit at home and play everquest. I was [ __ ], just so into everquest as a kid, but every time I was playing that game. My dad was on his ass watching sports and somehow what I was doing was was wrong and what he was doing was fine, because if you're a sports fan you're just a good old american, you know it's a national past time, but if you're playing video games, you're degenerate, no it's because they have this ideal in their head of what activities should be like they remember themselves playing outside with a ball in the sun, a ball versus you sitting in a dark room. Yeah, it doesn't look good. It looks depressing [Music], but ultimately he's right. I mean it's a waste of time, but you know, isn't: living is kind of just a waste of time. Ultimately, what is it? Yeah I mean just just existing is kind of what we have. We have two employees that have kids and I've heard both of them say that they're worried because their kids just want to play video games all day. Yeah. It's a thing that I see a lot yeah. I wonder what to do about that. Though I mean it is a problem but like if you go back 50 years I mean I'm sure there was something else like. Oh I'm so worried I swear to god, people used to say: oh I'm worried my kid just reads all day. Well I mean I feel like I would understand the first generation of parents having to go through this and being worried. Like your parents, let's say yeah, but you turned out all right. So I think at this point we don't need to worry about it. Well, if theodore's in his room, 12 hours a day playing video games, I mean I would be worried sure I would be where I would I would be wanting to like you know. What I think you need to do is start playing the game with him. You understand it and then once he sees that you like it, then he hates it. That's not cool! You have to hijack all of their hobbies, so it becomes uncool and then, when he picks up a hobby that you like then you're like. Oh, I don't get that that hobby is just weird to me. I think that's the thing. I think I think you as a parent should try to understand what it is they're doing and do it with them mm-hmm. You know, but people always say. Oh video games is anti-social. Well, that's not really true, not true and then like. If you compare video games to like sports, video games are very active, you're reading, you're walking through a 3d landscape, which you say is good for your brain you're. You know, there's there's stuff that you're, it's way more engaging. I mean the. I think the main problem is that people need to get more physical activity right in their daily routine, that I will not uh debate it, and especially, I can tell like when I was living in israel. You have a lot of walking involved in your day, just going to do random things, usually there's a lot more things that are walkable. I don't know well you're talking about la. I think I don't know what it's like in other places, other states well, new york, you live there yeah, but new york is very unique um. I think it just depends if you're in the city- or this I mean it really depends- I can tell in la you really need to make an effort, a conscious decision of going out and getting some physical movement. Yes, otherwise it just doesn't happen. You just your body just had trip. What's it called atrophies atrophies atrophy atrophies, I atrophy away. No, but I mean yeah he's he's right. Actually, I'm not even gonna dispute him. It is a waste of time, but I guess what I would counters with is. Literally everything is a waste of time. Mr joe rogan and I will further say: yeah you can be addicted to anything I mean really, you could take anything too far. I think the way he phrased it made uh a lot of people miss some context too, because he says he talks about video games. He says I got a real problem with video games right. He was actually talking about himself yeah. He was a video game, addict yeah, so right, but if you didn't know that it just sounds like he's like he's, got a real problem with video games. Look how it cups his head, though the thing, but why I just don't know why you can't just enjoy it. Like anything I mean the guy's, obviously balanced his life. I think he's just said that once he gets into it well, for you it's a waste of time, because video games is not his profession so anytime that he's spending on a video game it could be doing it could be writing material for you. I think I think right and I think people who feel that that sounds apply for me. I would never get into a video game right now. I have a million other things. I'd rather do there you go so don't play video games for me it's it is a waste of time. So don't pick it up, don't play it, but don't judge people who ain't got [ __ ] to do in their life. You know that joke they go. I think it was a cat williams joke he's talking about smoking weed. He goes if you're broke and you ain't got no job. I don't know why you're not smoking weed. Obviously I don't smoke weed and I you know but but the point is like hey: if that's what you got then lean on it baby and get go to town, you know what I'm saying: get that paragon: 1, 500 and diablo. So, ultimately, what did joe say? Was it super offensive? No, was it interesting uh? No, you know was uh. Anything really was. Should this clip even really have been a point of contention at all, probably not anything to add yola, probably not the biggest. Take, though, is that dome dude look at that look at it. I really don't get what you're saying what how do you not see? That's funny. That's got to be my new desktop, it's just a soft material. So but isn't it funny how they're made with like two cushions here and then like because he has no hair? It's just it's so perfect. I don't know why you don't find that funny. It looks like a star wars droid. He doesn't do anything to me dude! That's my new desktop forever. Anyway. That's that joe rogan is in deep [ __ ] with gamers, and they are coming for him another uh headline of the year. What were our two previous headlines of the year? There was um, so just to recap, amy schumer's husband is uncircumcised. According to jake gyllenhaal correct the other one was jordan heard pooped in johnny depp's bed, and I heard jordan hurt you, jordan, hurt amber, hurt, amber heard pooped and johnny depp's bed. Well, no. The headline was that him and her both accuse each other of pooping and peeing all over the house, which is way more epic that you're right. It's like yeah, you pooped in my bed, I'm gonna poop in your shoes, mega doo doo right um. So here is another contender for headline of the year. Are you ready, ela, elon musk challenges, johnny depp, johnny depp, making another appearance and headline of the year elon musk challenges, johnny depp to a cage fight over alleged, amber herd affair threats. [Music]. Should I read that again? Yes, elon musk challenges, johnny depp to cage fight over alleged, amber herd affair threats. I didn't know that elon was with amber turd. Apparently they both get around elon is like [, __, ] everybody. It seems like it's crazy. You know, elon has like six kids yeah. I just learned that all boys too right he's, got the strong boy gene. Apparently the alpha yeah he's alpha as [ __ ]. Oh and another thing I learned is that so with his first wife, he had first twins and then triplets that's how he has so many kids. Ah, that's crazy shredder's worried, oh my god, that's so psycho to have twins and then triplets anyway, elon musk denies sleeping with so johnny uh. Do you think he's too old to go by johnny johnny, I just say johnny. It feels like a a youthful name. I don't know it's johnny depp right, iconic, yeah, john depp doesn't have the same. No mysticism, johnny, jenny, uh, so elon musk, johnny depp, accused elon of cheating on amber before they were separated and in response elon said he denied it and challenged him to a cage fight for threat, because johnny depp threatened to cut off his manhood elon said. I definitely was not having an affair with amber while she was married to johnny. This is totally false. Musk a 29 year old father of six laughed when asked about other claims, including that he had a threesome with heard and model cara delevingne did I say that you said musk at 29, yeah confused. What is wrong with me: dude musk, a 49 year old father of six a little more allegedly had a threesome with herd and cara delevingne. Anyone want to correct me on that. Uh cara, delevingne television. You got it right, the first time yeah. I think yeah um props, that my man elon. Damn I mean. Apparently it's just rumors. I don't know props to elon that one I bet you he did man. I bet you. He did that's crazy! Imagine this! Imagine you told elon watch this young elon musk. Imagine you told young elon musk at age like whatever he is here. Look at this photo of him. Imagine you told this young man, the nerdiest [ __ ], you've ever seen who's already bald that he was going to have a threesome with amber heard and cara delevingne. He would, he would have said dude no [, __ ] way, you would ask so what does it take to get there and you would be like probably getting to mars and um? Oh yeah, oh you'll have a threesome with those two. When you fly to mars he's like don, I hear you buddy um. He insists he only dated heard after she split from depp. He wants to bury the hatchet but musk who's worth more than 66 billion chuckled. When the times asked about relevant court documents that dub depp had dubbed him, the mollusk got him. What is that supposed to mean it's like a lizard, a mollusk? No, it's not a snake or something. No. Isn't it a moleskin, yeah yeah, exactly some sort of invertebrate, oh yeah, see I stand corrected in my infinite wisdom. Yes, alas, I am wrong that is such a weak, um, dude, elon, mollusk, [, __, ], [Laughter]. Well, yeah. I hope he recovers from the situation. Musk told the paper he had a far more unexpected response. When asked about text messages, the power of the caribbean started allegedly sent threatening to slice off his dick. If j, he said, if johnny wants a cage fight, just let me know musk told the times giggling. So there you go. Maybe we'll have the fight of the century. Musk is a pretty big dude, though he's like 6'3, so I'm pretty sure he would stomp little johnny [Music] johny depp sounds like a little bit of a psycho yeah dude for sh I mean sounds, looks johnny depp height 510. I mean normal normal size, guy elon, musk, 6'2 four inches on him. I think elon would stomp him. I think johnny would take him really without a weapons just just hand-to-hand combat yeah. I think I think johnny he's got that craziness in him, yeah yeah he's probably exercising too. I don't know hold on elon musk age. Let's do this 49 years old, musk versus johnny depp is 57. You guys 57 49. elon will stomp him. Yeah you're, probably right he'll collaborate. If they were the same age, though I think johnny dipped. I disagree. I'm still team johnny, 57 years old bro. You think he's going to take out dude. You know what you're wrong cybernetic implants bro look at rocky six. He was like 60 when he beat like a 35 year old, wait what he was in rocky six. No, no! No! No! Oh! That's a movie song! Wait! Zach! That's your whole thesis for why johnny will win 150. Yes, you know he's got a point. I scored. Johnny johnny would kick his ass. I mean like yoda was like super old yeah [ __ ]. You was like 900 years old bro! That's true! You know what my money's on johnny depp [, __, ] it. Let's, let's send bob barker into the ring. How old is he johnny? Depp also has the power of the golden doubloon curse on his side. I don't think he can be killed by mortal man. So, oh the uh curse of the black pearl right. Exactly there you go. I think fred alfredo would take them all. Oh, my god. He would when he turns out franco. Oh yeah, alfredo because you guys know alfredo's from the street he's a street dog. So every once in a while he's like the sweetest nicest most precious dog in the world, but every once in a while like he'll get something he's. Not supposed to have either food or a chew or like a piece of plastic or like a bottle from theodore, and if you try to take it away from you, he will go to full on uh. It's like. We call it alfreco alfrico. He goes like his eyes, go crazy and he attacks no warning he'll. He he's bitten both of us, oh whoa, and then he gets. He goes like that and he tries to bite you and you just have to back off because whoa, but then he um he always feels guilty and comes and cuddles you afterwards, oh, but the first time it happened. I was like whoa what the f, but now I just don't mess with him when he's in a freaking mode, sometimes I'll take a shirt and I'll, throw it at him, because he'll attack the shirt and he'll just he'll kind of get out of the alfreco mode. So I throw a shirt or I poke him with something. He goes. Oh, my god, and then I keep prodding him with something else, because I don't want him he's got something he's not supposed to have and then eventually he like snapped out of it. So that's my wow, that's pretty shocking. He really is like one of the sweetest dogs. No, it's super weird. It's super crazy makes sense, though, like you said he probably had to scrap yeah as a young man out on the street, he's got some real street trauma. He was starving, oh yeah, he was starving. His tail is broken too, and I don't know how that happened. So he's definitely been through a lot. His tail has grown like crooked. You know it's like straight and then just get off to the side like it was broke right in half poor guy yeah yeah he's such a sweet boy. We love him. Okay! Well, so johnny depp, really you guys think he'll. Take you on okay, 100! Well, I'd like to see that fight. If it happens, 57 that's like hit breaking hey joe uh. Okay, here's a great story. Prominent influencers are facing backlash for throwing parties in l.a amid covet. Now we talked about this last week, how jake got a call from tanner fox tanner said to him. Dude I've got covid and I was hanging out with you all weekend, long um. Let me pull that up for posterity's sake: hello, yo, nice, yo, man, hey jake, hello, hey bro um, so I have some. I have some bad news, oh man, so we filmed a video about two days ago and this morning I woke up and I felt a little bit off. So I went and got a kobe 19 test and it actually came back positive, [Music], you're tripping, I'm really not lying to you, man, I'm being honest bro. So I know I was around you and your in your team and again I I just started showing very small symptoms of it today, but I wanted to call you and I had to let you know I really just got tested for it. You just got tested. Did you get your results back? No, I I don't know what to tell you, I'm joking, I'm really not joking right! Now! Man, I swear I swear to god. Are you? Are you worried about it? Not really we don't care okay, so there. So I love that not really we don't care so now jake has been exposed to covid. The cdc says that you should quarantine yourself for two weeks. Yes, not now anyone definitely don't leave your house. Let me give you multiple choice. What do you think jake paul did after receiving this news, a quarantine and call everyone? He was in contact with b, go out and party and not tell anybody, that's a hard. That's a thing. So here a ton of influencers went out and uh partied. Here we go. Let's go so. First of all you guys don't understand, jake put out a song, a no one is wearing a mask. Why are they indoors? I thought you weren't allowed to eat indoors, hey my fresh out of london baby. Let's go oh family dinner, there's logan blah blah blah tana, so also real, quick in tanner's video, the I'm positive video he called logan as well, and he says he was around him a week ago from when he recorded that video and you'll notice. Logan is at that dinner too. So both of them have been exposed to the same guy and and both of them know that, and they know that guy is positive. I wonder if they didn't even tell each other, when I saw that I thought maybe logan doesn't know like maybe jake didn't even tell logan yeah, that's what I was giving him the doubt, because, because logan has get is still having guests on this part, wait that can't be is logan still having guests on his podcast in studio, you're. Sure logan was exposed to this guy, the in the tanner video. If you watch it after the jake paul part, he calls logan. He calls logan now no way yeah, because logan america has oh well. He hasn't done an episode since five days ago, so maybe he is being safe, although when was that video from uh hey I'll, give you the exact time this last episode was from five days ago, so you can't the video was posted july 15th. This is july 23rd he's sitting in the small room dude what the [ __ ] is. He doing and I believe around the 12 minute mark of tanner's video. He he calls he calls logan hold on. Let's watch that what is wrong with these people I mean no, I mean how can you be so careless about other people but you're, not even telling uh. You have to tell the other people that, like here this, let's see he's calling logan on youtube that that is he, my guy, hey man. Listen, I really hate to be having this call with you right now. I haven't you got kobe 19. How did you know uh my mom somehow knew? Oh, I told jake oh well, uh. Well, I hope you get better bro holy [, __, ], [, __ ], isolate yourself. I I am I'm staying at quarantine for the next 14 days, but I know I haven't seen you in a week. I just started showing symptoms of it today, but I just wanted to call and make sure your whole team knows what uh what's symptom. I woke up today and I was excited logan just think he's calling to just check in he's like I was with you a week ago. You've been exposed because by now um yeah, if they were together a week ago, that would be definitely yeah. That would mean that logan is accusing less likely yeah high risk he's like oh well. I hope you get better nothing to do with me. Dude he's sitting in a tiny room with these people. I wonder if they all hate uh tanner for being like for recording this [ __ ] and putting it online, because he definitely didn't ask their permission you might have. Maybe you would text them afterwards or even oh man. This is just exhausted because, like this video, they don't seem to care. I don't think I think, but like this, video is the perfect blueprint for like following the trail of insanity, he's like here's, everybody I called, and you can perfectly see how they're not taking it seriously. I honestly think they know he was recording and they just don't care. Let me hear this. I felt really tired, interesting all right. Well, thanks for letting me know bro, I uh, I don't really give a [ __ ], but thanks for letting me know what the [ __ ]. What is wrong with these guys wait, but he goes oh [, __ ], isolate see. Why would he say why would he say that he knows he's being recorded? Why would you even talk like that? Yeah like? Why would he even say if he thought the guy is just calling to tell him hey I'm sick? Why would you say hey I don't give a [ __ ]? Don't you think? That's like him. I think he because all these people later apologized for their party, so no, I feel, like he didn't know he was being recorded. If anything he asked after the conversation. Well, regardless of the reason he goes, he what is wrong with them dude this is so insane wait. I didn't know that logan said I didn't give a [ __ ]. I thought we are wrong, no problem, man, all right, uh! Well, I hope I hope you're all good uh. I appreciate you, though later he goes uh. He goes dude, you better, isolate he's like no, but you may have actually been infected by me too. Oh dude, I don't give a [ __ ] holy [ __, ] dude. I really don't get what is so complicated to understand about how this virus works, but even if you don't give a [ __ ], how can you not tell homeboy all your guests and people in your studio yeah I mean there's four people in that shot that we're looking at should put it there. Look oh yeah, there's like they have a camera operator too well. Logan is basically talking right at him if he has kovid. This guy has coveted literally breathing in his [ __ ] face everyone in the room. Yeah, probably most likely right. This virus is super contagious yeah. I mean it's most contagious when you're indoors and breathing and talking and stuff like that. Oh my god, we gotta let this guy know he has covet. What's his name, let's get this guy. Let's let him know america uh! Oh, he just saw he just uploaded a new video four months ago. America is racist, yeah and they're. Also [ __ ] spreading covet so pick a lane. Dude are you whoa? I mean like I wish so netflix. Oh, this is the guy from I know who this guy is the guy from that dumbass reality show what's his name, the english dude love island. Is that what it's called sin island, whatever the [ __ ] that yeah anybody help me out here? Oh wasn't that well he's got covered now. Isn't that a great show yeah we enjoyed it. Oh yeah, just some trashy reality show so now. Jake paul and um logan have come together to create a fight stranded in like a month 18 days right now we wanted to make like a big damn. This shit's crazy. This is crazy. You know, like I'm we're going through so much effort to be safe. We moved our production home, we're doing all this. We've got all these guys. I mean everything has had to change the way we work on teddy fresh is completely different. Now and it's it's. It makes it way more difficult to get things done. How are we ever going to move past when you've got these bozos? Going out on weekends, they've been exposed they're, just you can't what the [ __ ] is going on, but also this requires everyone to be understanding. Am I the only one that cares about the rules? Big lebowski over the line? Thank you yeah. We all need to chip in these guys are not willing to change. I cannot believe that they don't care that much. They like your action, could end up with someone dying yeah. It's that simple, oh yeah, yeah, 100 percent, not care. I don't understand that they, both independently of each other, said I don't give a [ __ ] they're, like hey bro. I was hanging out with you and I just got my diagnosis I have covet. I don't really [ __ ] care bro. They both said that anyway. So, let's see what jake and logan have been up to, who are both probably have covered um, so nikita dragon, a beauty influencer through a party uh for tick tocker in the video other influences and social media people are shown partying in a space enclosed space, with crowds of people standing close to each other, not wearing masks. No social distancing, that's putting it mildly. It's like a [, __ ] orgy in this house. I was like dude. These kids are crazy. You're gonna have to edit some of this, oh by the way, they're sharing the cheering joy she's, not showing sharing joints well. She's you'd think she smoked that whole thing by herself. That looks like a cigar. You think she, you think she smoked that whole cigar by herself, and may I also ask separately who smokes that cigar indoors. I mean that's crazy. Do you know how much that's just kinks people who like to have fun bro, you're, gonna, [, __, ], hot box, a room with cigars? Oh yeah sounds like a dream to me: dude, that's the craziest [ __ ] I ever heard anyway. I bet you someone else caught that. Well, we don't need to speculate. So this is the party tana's there. It's so awesome! Dude I mean it's a full-on party. Everyone is it's packed they're all in there sweating, and I mean this is a public health nightmare. It's crazy and there were so many influencers there. Tick tockers, just a bunch of young kids, who quote don't give a [ __ ], but they all have big um following well. Tana was a a bunch of them, so you're gonna have to censor this because it's so here's a little highlight reel from the birthday party uh. These kids are crazy. Bro looks like a lot of fun, so it looks to me like a covid party. If you go to her page, she has a lot of followers uh yeah, it's a nikita dragon, dude 7.8 million get it. How are you going to put that kind of message out there to 7.8 million? Let's see if there's any comments of people being like? Oh dude, there are a lot read the room we are in a pandemic. Oh that's! The top comment. Yeah yeah I mean obviously but like what's even better, is knowing that there's people there who have been in contact with kobe yeah and it's all and they're like [ __ ] it for us available to watch so um. That's pretty much it I didn't know. Logan said I don't give a [ __ ], I mean that's so epic. I love it. Dude yeah, I guess never mind. On the whole uh yeah I mean zach. You had confessed to us that you are a logan paul fan, he's a stan, even he's a massive fan. What dan I was just giving you [ __ ] you're, not that good! No, I'm not a massive fan. I I think the dude has definitely changed his content for the better. I'm not necessarily talking about. Oh he's got porn stars on like he just seems a lot more calmed down than jake, and what do you think about him saying that he doesn't give a [ __ ] about having covered? Oh, it's [, __ ] stupid as [ __ ]. He lost. I lost a bunch of respect for him yeah. You know what I'm gonna have to agree like uh. He was making. He was seeming like he turned a corner, but that call kind of he seemed very douchey in that call he's like oh bro, why are you calling me? It was kind of the vibe he's like right he's. Like listen dude, what are you telling me for okay? Well, I don't give a [ __ ], all right see ya and he got off the phone real fast too, like yeah. Why is tanner calling me little bitch-ass tanner, I didn't say it: he did it tanner. You did the right thing if you're listening, which I'm sure you're not yeah, especially filming it and putting it online for us all. So you know yeah exposing these [ __ ] yeah. I don't know what to say it's just it. It's kind of really shitty to to have to see all that, because everyone has to take it so seriously and single-handedly these kids are gonna cause an outbreak here in l.a. There already is an outbreak in l.a. Well, they're gonna, just make it worse. California is really hard hit, and that party you know, like all these kids partying like there's gonna, be people who are gonna die as a result of that yeah like just straight up, and did you see the um? We had sent it in the chat earlier this morning, but the tweet from elijah daniel right, that's kind of uh. Oh, where is it? I've got in front of me? If you want me to just read it, he just said warning: a lot of influencers have been confirming to me that they've tested positive for coven 19 after influencer parties like a lot. They aren't saying anything and they aren't warning people that they came into contact with after if you attended get tested, you all caused an outbreak thanks, I'm telling you everybody at that party has coveted everybody. Who's going on. Logan's podcast is in danger. Everybody who's hanging out with these two bozos who have now these two guys together have combined done thing. This is way [, __, ], worse than anything, they've ever done, they're knowingly spreading covet, and it's insane james charles was also at the party, and he vlogged it. Why don't I have that? He also at least he seems to take it a little bit more serious since people called him out for it. He added like a a note in the video when the part comes where you saw the party before it now has a black screen with a message like sorry that I was so irresponsible kind of message. Okay, that's good, so at least you know would be responsible staying in his [ __ ] house. With that fine ass, the whole video is vlogging him going around. They went for a dinner first with friends, and then they go to the party got in an uber like so many interactions with people these paul brothers. This might be a new love for the two of them because you think, like logan's redeemed himself, it wouldn't have been so cool if he called him he's like oh dude, that's such a bummer. I gotta I gotta go get tested, I'm really worried! No! What he said is so jake got off the phone. He was worried enough to call his mom. My mom called me they're, worried enough, but independently we both said [ __ ]. It we're not going to change anything in our life, we're not willing to sacrifice anything in our life to help end. This pandemic, because we're rich we're successful, we'll be sick. It's like a total inability to think outside yourself. I think there's a widespread sort of mis. I mean it's not a total misconception, but the the whole thing about um. You know younger people not getting hit that hard by it uh. Well, they don't die from it. They can get very sick. They can, though they can, but it's very rare right, it's a low risk, so they probably just have the attitude that nothing really bad is going to happen to me. But that's what I can't understand. What is so hard to understand like how many times do people need to explain that? That's not it! That's not how you can't look at it like that, and then you give it to other people that maybe it is a big deal yeah exactly all these people, some of them, I'm sure, still lives with their parents right. Those who are young, kids, they're gonna go back home, give it to their parents yeah like well. Actually, they think the thing is that such a new virus, what they're learning is that there could be dire, long-term uh ramifications from having this virus even in young people. You do not want this thing if you get it like, because it's so new, we don't know, but a lot of people who suffered from it even in young age, have long-term effects months down the line from either respiratory stomach problems. Yeah, like I mean, there's certain viruses that can increase your your chances of getting cancer like cervical cancer and stuff. You can get certain viruses that actually really have dire consequences. This might be one of them. We don't know enough about the virus. Yet this that's [, __, ], bro, damn, shame on logan, paul and jake, I expected of jake, but I thought logan had turned up corner yeah, but he sounds like the same old douchebag in that phone call yeah. He really disappointed me, I'm sorry, sorry, zack yeah! I feel bad for you, we'll unsubscribe to him. Whoa wait! I thought you said. Hang on. You said you watched his videos, but you didn't subscribe. That was a liar. Oh [ __ ], you watch all of his uploads. Do you watch his podcast, no [, __ ]? No, I hate that mic dude, you hate mike. That's why whoa he's easy podcast right now, we'll watch and listen to is the h3 podcast? Do you own any maverick merch, [ __ ] no are? Are you a maverick? Do you consider yourself a maverick? No okay. Are you jealous that mike is uh sleeping with lana rhodes? Absolutely not. Would you have sex with a porn star, um [Music]? No, no, not ah sounds like yeah. It sounds like I mean, there's, there's nothing wrong with heaven, there's nothing wrong with it. You know I've seen some alana roads, work, obviously she's in everything to be honest but like she does the craziest [ __ ] like she'll, take like a 20-yard dick. That's like 10 feet, wide 20 20. No, I'm just saying like she she'll take like she does like the craziest porn. You can imagine with like dicks like tons of dicks in every hole and all that- and I don't I just don't understand. How can you please a woman like that? After that she's actively taking like 20 dicks in her vag that same day well, I have a feeling that that's not she's not actually being pleased in that scene yeah, no, no, no, no! No! How does g, how does mike please her? Oh yeah, but not not, because not no, but I mean literally like like the vag, has got to be slick. Pretty straight. Oh, you think red. I know that the vet I know like the vagina like goes down in size like eventually but like if you got railed by like 20 massive dicks, that same day, I feel like his dick is just like: slipping through a uh, a plastic bag. I think that's, probably a really dumb dumb way to look at it. You think that your vagina would feel totally normal yeah and she probably doesn't necessarily want that in her personal. No, no, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that I feel like well to satisfy her. He doesn't necessarily need to have I'm not I'm, not sorry, I'm not! I'm I'm not saying anything about she actually wanting that in her private life, I'm just saying that her v, her, probably so enlarged from that kind of activity on that day, on the day of, or maybe a few days after that, I think the idea of the the stretched out vagina is a bit exaggerated yeah. I feel like no no, but like dude she's, taking like three dicks in her vagina ian, it's not like. Oh, she was slept with a bigger dick dude. It's not like at the same time in your mouth, and now you have a big mouth like it comes back, I mean I had a baby yeah, I know, but like yeah but like and if okay and right and if we had sex on that same day, um, it probably would be bigger, hmm, well, the whole body kind of shifts. I mean I'm curious yeah and your body shifts when you get no, I mean I think it's an interesting conversation to have, and I'm and I'm happy to hear your perspective on it. I think, as the only person who has a vagina on the show, yeah uh to me, that sounds stupid, so you think it might depend on the specific girl and what they're into, but I don't think I'm not talking about her pleasure. She probably just likes being with that dude d. I don't know what his stick size is but like that's probably what she there's nothing wrong with that. I'm just saying physiologically if you got railed by like 3 12 inchers at the same time like this in your vag boom. If you came home that night and slept with me, my dick wouldn't touch even the outer edge of your vagina um. So I I still disagree with that, but I feel like she also probably just doesn't even want to do it on that day, so it doesn't even yeah she's, probably not really like it's like you. Coming back from a really long day of work or something she's prolific, she [ __ ] a lot like she does a lot of porno like yeah, maybe, but also, I think you should watch out for this message that you might be sending, because what are you trying to say? Oh okay, let me say it in a term, enjoy her work right. I mean yeah yeah. What type of work hold on hold on? I'm not trying to say anything, I'm really, I'm not really trying to say anything. Let's say it put it this way. Let's say me and you are in a happy, a consenting, monogamous relationship and you do porn on the set that day you have sex with the dude, with the biggest penis you've ever seen in your life yeah I mean I already understood them, and then you come home yeah, I'm not even talking about like, but so like, but you're saying she wouldn't want to have sex on that same day. I disagree. Why not because she does it every day. I doubt she does it every day. Yeah. I could be wrong there. You could be wrong in many places. It certainly could be. Of course I certainly could. Maybe they block shoot it. You know I feel, like the whole. This whole idea is uh very like men in a way kind of like down looking down on porn stars because it's like, I would never want to [ __ ]. No, because her vagina is hold on huge. Okay, that's fine! Let me let me say it more clearly. I would have no problem say it any more. Clearly, no, no! No, no, very clear! No because I feel like you're misunderstanding when you say that. Well, let me clarify. I have no problem. I would have no problem dating a porn star. I think it's legitimate work I understand but hold on hold on if she calls the idea, I think people that inserted that negative. Let me let me finish if she comes home and she hasn't had sex with like a like a like a king dong in a week, then her vag probably feels I don't know how long it takes to bounce back. I literally just looked it up to confirm yeah after relaxing during sex, vaginal muscle tissue, naturally contracts and then tightens again intercourse does not permanently stretch the vagina. This process, loosening during arousal and tightening afterward, happens no matter how often the woman has sex. What I'm not saying permanently, I'm saying the same day. You need like some time for it to bounce back. Okay. Why are you talking about soreness like they would be sore [Music], I'm on my own you're right, I'm on an island because, a week later, it's probably not totally back to normal. Did you know what I said a week? He just said right after okay, okay, let's, let's get more micro you're in a room. Why? Why don't we stop? Don't worry more micro you're in a room, there's two dudes in a room: one has a 12-incher and one's got just a normal deck, the dude with the 12-incher slams it, and then you go in right afterwards, you're, probably not going to get the same sensation that you would get if the the 12-incher didn't go. First right over you've changed we're done, we've changed the whole parameter. Yeah you changed that well hold on I'm trying to start small and expand. No, it's not even you said you're trying to start small and expand just like a vagina. Okay, but ian do would you have the same sensation immediately after a 12 incher who knows first, you said coming home from work. Stop follow my yes answer the question you're being sad, no, not no, not immediately after okay. So then that presumes to- and it's completely different interrupting me. I know that presumes that there is some time that it takes to to go back to normal. So are we talking about an hour? Are we talking about a day? Do you want to conduct a research? We don't know my only simply being that. How do you follow up it's hard to follow up and act like that? The article I'm reading was saying that there's a natural um uh contracting during intercourse this process, loosening during arousal and then tightening right afterwards, so yeah that sounds accurate. That sounds like 30 minutes later you're back to normal, but I think there'd still be some soreness, though right I'm not well hold on, but he's not talking about. These are talking about normal circumstance. You have not seen blackto.com, I'm just [ __ ] around you, you're getting so you're not liking this combo, but I feel like it's entertaining. You know why. I don't like it, because I see too much lately um, like people like kim star who will make all these stupid jokes at the expense of really nice girls that um it's just like angry men, child uh, like they, they hide their intention and they're like oh, I'm, just making a joke, but uh no you're, actually just making fun of a. I don't know it's like high school drama, either way um. I just I wanna. I guess it makes me think twice about what kind of message we put out there. Even if we're just making a joke, I don't for the record, I don't think being a porn star permanently increases the size of your vagina, but I'm just talking about the immediate aftermath, but either way I feel like just going. There is kind of supporting that way of looking down at porn stars when I think a lot of men feel very comfortable doing that, while they enjoy the porn very much, so you kind of need to pick a side. I don't and I'm not talking about you, I'm not talking to you, but I don't want to be part of that conversation. I agree, and I I I don't want to either. I know what you're talking about I'm literally just talking about following a 12 inch dong an hour, a couple that same night. Well then, let's talk about, why are you following a 12-inch dong because porn star? Okay? Well, maybe she, but who said that's even a scenario you know like right. I don't know what so your joke is not really. I think it was an interesting debate and clearly we need some scientific research to follow it up, because I think you might find dude. You got to see some of the [ __ ] she's done, I'm just telling you she's not like a normal porn star. She like goes all out she and- and I mean that is committed to her craft. Can you confirm that zach? No, I can't why not? What do you mean I've been? I haven't seen any of her her films to be completely honest with you I haven't seen. I don't even know what she looks like she's, the number one most popular. I know the name but and they have like a models like most popular she's number one. I find it hard to believe that zach of all people has well, maybe that that's not what I'm into yeah. What are you into I'm into my girlfriend? Oh, please turn his mind. Okay, shut up, sorry, you can still watch porn yeah, it's fine! Honestly! When I was like really. I was much younger. I watched a lot of porn and it just kind of bores me now. I've gone through phases like that, but ultimately I mean yeah. Ultimately, when you're like single and really [ __ ], like rock bottom loneliness, you can watch too much porn and you're like oh dude it just I I don't know it just it. Doesn't it's not my thing anymore. Well, anyway, I'm just look uh, god bless mike. I mean you know: she's she's, a beautiful girl and I think she's really talented, she's good at her job clearly and she's smart, and I think that it's a she's, a smart business, lady and she's really successful, and I certainly don't don't mean anything by it. You know, I think she's perfectly dateable I mean my god, but you can see how um those kind of conversations well there's a difference. I think bad intentions. I think what you're thinking of is when someone goes like. I would have never dated porn star because their vaginas are huge, but that's not what I'm saying yeah, but you might appeal to those people, okay. Okay, so let me just be very clear: I don't think porn stars have giant vaginas, but I just know that I know her. I'm familiar with her body of work and the type of content she makes and knowing that about her because she goes to the exchange she's like she's, a born olympian, it's interesting what it's like to date, her yeah exactly interesting! Now I want to hear about that for mike now, all of a sudden I want mike on the show. Well, she she doesn't do uh porn anymore. She only does like only fan solo. What so there you go, then, because you know um there you go so then that that answers my question and I and I don't think that she has like a residual giant vagina from doing porn. Does she not [ __ ] dudes on her only fans, just solo stuff? I I that's what I'm that's what I've heard? Yes, you've heard that I thought you didn't weren't aware of her. I mean I know who she is. He's watched the vlogs he's a he's. A maverick dude he's right, you're judas! All right, so did we uh cover? Did we uh reach common ground here on the whole uh giant, vagina? First and the collapsing there is no giant vagina. That's the conversation well when she's having sex. It gets big. Okay! Well now we're down to when it is. It shrinks over time, okay, yeah! Well, I can that's just how the vagina functions I can testify. I mean like you said: you gave birth and I I will say on record that it feels the same as it did before. So I mean that this there's no penis as big as theodore's head. You know. I saw that [ __ ], so like yeah, you know, god bless the vagina. I feel like I'm seeing so much negativity lately that I might be turning a little bit woke or like going in that direction more and maybe it's annoying, but I just don't want to have anything to do with like all this, like so much negativity that I see everywhere lately, and so it may hurt some of your jokes, but I'm a little sensitive lately, that's okay! You have every right to be there's too much negativity out there. I actually just can't like stand seeing all this [ __ ], but I'm glad you said something because I want to. I don't. First of all want to come off that way, and I think we had a good uh conversation about it. I think we covered a lot of ground, so it was good, but you want to talk about keemstar, raiding pokemane, because that's next on my agenda, it kind of fits perfectly sure. Keemstar has been obsessed lately with um demeaning women. Specifically pokemon is a beaut, I mean she's. Obviously, pokemon excuse me. Pokemon is obviously extremely beautiful. Twitch streamer one of the most popular [Music]. She has a large fan base she's a gamer, and this is her. I mean people say she has a lot of simps whatever that means, but I guess they said about any beautiful uh internet personality, but she um, so he called her ugly erated, her unprompted for some reason he said she's a two out of ten and that by the way, that's not in a vacuum, no insane, that's not in a vacuum. Them comes off of keemstar calling ila a horse comes off him, calling starkiller's, wife, a witch and um he just straight up out of the blue said: pokemane is a two out of ten, which is ironic. Considering uh, you know I I I don't like to address people's looks, but I feel like, since he has publicly made it a point of raiding women's appearance, then I can say that he is keemstar is like it's really crazy because he brings you down to his level like he makes you want to insult him back. You know like look at yourself, but it's just it's just such a shitty thing to do for him. Why? Why even go there well and then he he gets so like the result of this is now people are like there's a picture of pokeman without makeup that not everyone's posting and being like look at her she's lying to us. She still looks perfectly fine yeah. All these people are are uh basically saying is that they've never had a girl sleep over before I mean she looks, she looks beautiful. She looks literally the same. It's like oh dude. You've, oh you're, literally a virgin you've, never seen a girl without makeup like wow right. The fact that you're upset about her not wearing about her without makeup by the way, just means that you literally are so virgin. You've never had a girl care about you enough to sleep over and take makeup off her face, and then, if you, by the way, if she was just on the internet like this without makeup, you would call her like ugly and [ __ ] plain and [ __ ]. So there you go like she literally doesn't look that different and anyway, now now anyway, she's she's, the subject of all this like red pill to insult energy, now spearheaded from keemstar and what's really sad, is that those tweets do really well for him too. [Music] yeah uh, here's some some follow-ups, because people were getting angry at keemstar for being a oh yeah. He blocked me here. I've got a backup. I've anticipated this y'all remember when keemstar blocked me pretty epic [, __ ], hey, don't say that we're trying to have a civil conversation here about it, j. Just a quick side. Note about that sound bite, uh dan and I were testing it and those two there's two of them there's garbage and then this one it actually makes a fifth which is a power chord. It's a perfect fit he's got a very musical uh. Oh you gotta make a song out of that garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage like because you you'll you'll, hear it it garbage you're like powerpoint yeah. We gotta get that to shmo yoho and get him to make a a power. Ballad h3 is [, __ ] innocent garbage garbage here, man there's some straight up: weirdos on there strip weirdos mad people who man, people who don't just bully people randomly on the internet are weirdos weirdos weirdos. Oh you grabbed that good zach weirdos garbage weirdos over the last 24 hours. I've been getting this criticism of people saying that I'm a bad role model that uh I'm setting a bad example for my followers and all this type of stuff, and I understand that for many people like in gaming, entertainment and online entertainment, they view themselves as role models. They view themselves as out there showing people how to be the right thing and do the right thing and set a good example. I understand I am the opposite. That's totally fine he's like I set out to be the opposite of that, but this isn't church. Okay, this is online entertainment right. My suggests mean that you don't have a con like he's like this, isn't church, okay, so, yes, I don't have a conscience and I literally just tried to ruin people's life. In fact, I get semi-hard entertainment. I could say my heart, knowing that someone I've made fun of is suicidal. In fact, there's been about four of them who have admitted to being suicidal because of the attention I give them. That makes me rock hard. That's the only thing that makes me hard. In fact, viagra doesn't work anymore. The only thing that gets me hard is when people say they're suicidal because of me weirdos, that's the only time I can get it up for long enough to give it to my girlfriend who, by the way, who by the way, is a two out of ten- and I tell her that every day I don't know why she doesn't like me, I like to know who keemstar thinks is attractive. You know, whoever that woman is who does keemstar actually find attractive. You know his beard, he probably comes in his beard, his right hand, yeah, oh baby, you're, the only one for me comes in his beard, oh yeah, that's how I get up extra pointy, the [ __ ]. I want those kids when they go to twitter, who are bored. I want them to go to my tweet uh feed. Excuse me and find something entertaining to to to to read or to talk about or to have an opinion right. That is my objective as a person in online entertainment. Your objective can go out there to be. You know the the like. I I guarantee he's not amused at all he's. Just trying to put up a front like he doesn't care, uh teachers can be you know the pope or whatever you're trying to be. You know I don't want to be the guy by not making people suicidal that uh you're putting out there. That's all fine, but you live in a box. I don't live in your [ __ ] box. I live in my own goddamn world. My own world is pretty dope, so go [, __ ] yourself, [, __ ], my by the way, that's the biggest cry for help ever my world is pretty dope. So that's his response to the criticism. There's actually been a whole slew of tweets here. Let's have a look. The thing is that you don't choose to um to take responsibility when once you once you have a big following it just comes with it. It's not really up to your decision like like all these influencers going to a party during a pandemic. They can't be putting out that message once you have like that, one girl had almost eight million followers. They they think whatever she does is cool they they. You know their kids, who are following her because whatever she's doing they love and they think it's cool, if they see her going to parties, that's going to affect them well, the truth is they have to come to terms with that. Some people have a level of maturity to be like uh. I feel bad about that and I shouldn't do it and some people truly don't give a [ __ ] like the logan brothers and keemstar. They say I just I literally don't care yeah and that's the difference between some people. Another nobody's trying to be the pope. It's just. If you're more mature human being that actually cares about the message you're putting out into the world, then you don't do certain things like [, __, ], calling women ugly on twitter. You know, that's just that. I mean keemstar's world is [ __ ] dope. Can you hear him? My world is [ __ ] dope, so there you have that um. Don't you find it strange that three women, like all within, like the past couple weeks, he's called ug he's just gone and called ugly you're a horse yeah you're? Objectively, beautiful starkiller's, wife, objectively beautiful as a witch and pokemon objectively beautiful as a two out of ten yeah, it's like bro, you, you hate your mom or something dude. I guarantee you keemstar hates his mom 100 1000. He feels unloved by females, there's an analysis there for sure. If you ask me in my own clinical opinion, I think keemstar feel unloved by his own mother, and so he I think he has a deep, deep issue, loving women, because he distrusts them. I think he going on a limb here, but I think he was probably abandoned by his mother in some way, and so he feels like all women are worthless and untrustable. It probably stems something deep, psychological issue like that. I mean he's such a complicated phenomena. He will need a lot of analyzing, oh yeah, of what happened there. Oh yeah, you know how you have like fbi tapes like 50 fbi, tapes of like studying these crazy [ __ ] people that have done like heinous crimes. That's what you need to get to the heart of keemstar, someone's sitting there with a cigarette and on tape and be like you hear this [ __ ]. Okay, continue! You know chain smoking anyway, uh keemstar posted, he says, he's sorry, he posts a meme, yada yada yada. Anything else interesting, not really! Oh, he just there's been a lot of tweets, but this is him that enlightened chad, no, you can't rape. My queen, two out of ten ha ha pokey, two out of ten funny because he usually looks like the one on the left he's such a [ __ ]. He is [ __ ], you spelled it out. The enlightened chad. The us army is trying the us army. I always found recruitment in the army, so creepy like how they show up to high schools and [ __ ], and they try to trick people not trick, but they try to sell their services and stuff, but what they are doing on twitch. I do find quite creepy uh. The army and navy started an esports channel where members of the military live streamed themselves playing video games like call of duty, fortnite, etc, and the controversy began when people okay, so it goes back a little bit, but what they were doing is they were doing a giveaway like they were giving away xbox or something. And then, when someone clicked the link, it would take them to the [ __ ] recruitment page I mean so epic. I mean how is that comparable committing your life to the us army for a chance to win at xbox? That is the most dystopian [ __ ]. I have ever seen so it didn't it didn't make you sign up right there and then, but it like it was a sign up to start the process of you know giving them all your info, so they, but they say, they're like hey. This is a giveaway page and then you sign up to the [ __ ] army dude. That's funny! That's not funny! That's just crazy! I think I put the link to what that page looks like uh, oh for real yeah. I can see like once you click on the content. Go army.com, be all you can be in and on mark grave. Sorry. So, as you can see, there's no information about a contest or anything it's just yeah. This is just straight up sign out to sign up to be in the army. Right name, birthday, email, phone number, zip, which path are you interested in full-time weekend? I just want the xbox roll where's, the button for xbox. It wasn't even an xbox. It's just a controller. You don't even get a full xbox for damn how much money those [ __ ] get. They can't even go to xbox just a controller. That's crazy, [, __ ]! Why even go that far just give out a goddamn free trial of a navy game? Oh yeah, they're, giving out an xbox elite series, 2 controller, so here's what your life is worth to the army. Let's have a look at what the elite series xbox 2 controller is guys. This is it this. Is it the big giveaway? How much is this thing? I think it's like 200 bucks, wow, it's a nice controller. To be fair! That's a lot of controller yeah. That is a lot of controller, damn the army, damn they got a crazy budget on this giveaway 200, [, __, ], so um super creepy and eventually twitch. I guess, shut down the whole [ __ ] thing cool well, twitch was like yo. You can't do this. This is misleading. You can't tell people you're giving away a good caller and it goes to a recruitment page totally misleading and they said um. Let's see, each giveaway has its own url and marketing activity. They said that connects the registrant to a specific giveaway. An eligible winner is selected at random, and the prize is given out. Twitch asked our team to remove the giveaway for lack of transparency, and they did so. You do have to sign up for that. [ __ ] to win [ __ ], you [, __ ], you army. I give away. I give away a thousand dollars a day, some for nothing tells me they don't even give any, not even one controller. So they claim here specifically, they say uh. The spokesman said the giveaways were legit and the army has given away 10 controllers a gaming station and a chair just over the past year. Why? What's the us army's budget? Again? Oh my goodness, it's some measured in trillions, u.s army budget is 721.5 billion. Oh okay, just just shy of a trillion a couple billy. Apparently my giveaway budget is way higher than the armies, and I don't even [ __ ] ask you to give your life a wave. I don't even ask you to die in service of me. You know, but did you know that uh like in the nfl they always like, salute the flag and have uh plane, flyovers and [ __ ] during sports events, those are actually paid sponsors by the army to get recruitment and make the army seem so cool, so cool the army. The whole idea of um, having like commercials for going to the army, is so weird to me because in israel it's just mandatory, so yeah israel they're, like [, __ ], you [ __ ] you're coming. So I guess that is good in a way. But I don't, I can't think of a good war we've been involved in since, like you know, vietnam, no, I'm just kidding world war ii, so it's hard to like. Arguably no war is good but yeah, but I get your point like a noble war. I guess one might call it. You know. Um, I mean the army does a lot of good stuff, though they they do a lot of community stuff like the engineers they do a lot of nation building in a good way, not always bad, but any anyway. Whatever you think about the army, obviously it's necessary, I'm not saying disband the army. I love the army, brave soldiers, brave soldiers. The people who serve in the army are our heroes. I think the institution of the army is is is corrupt in places, but the the people who serve are are heroic. The point being is that you're worth more than a god, damn xbox controller? Can we move? Are we done with this topic? Uh? That's it and then we're gonna have shoe nice call in. Does anyone want to speak on the topic of the us army being banned on twitch before we move on uh I just like the there was um prior to them. I don't think they got banned. I think they voluntarily uh closed it down because of all the crap they were getting but yeah. There was another angle to this too, where people were spamming, their chat with um, because part of it was like you have all these service members streaming and you can ask them questions about what life in the military is like, and so people were asking them like hey. What's your favorite war crime yeah, here's a clip of that. I guess they were starting to you know they didn't expect to get trolled on twitch, but obviously that's the whole yeah. I think here's a guy playing uh, uh warzone there's! I saw there's only like 20 people in the [ __ ] chat here, 22 people. What are they doing? 22 people, and so someone starts asking homie every post that I do from now on is going to say oo in it. Just some flex, I, like it yo y'all gonna, go talk all that crap to my angel on the east coast. What's your favorite us, so they blocked warcraft internet people are spamming. It little gremlin you little gremlins. I saw what's your favorite us war crimes spelled. I won't stand for that, I'm bigger than you. I gotta tell you signing up for the army, I'll sign up for the army. If my job is to stream on twitch, wait back door front door, yeah back door, oh they got. Oh then he posted the wikipedia link too. A list of us dared for sale. What's up man, oh cool nice have a nice time getting banned my dude. By the way, I will say that, obviously I I understand why they're banning a lot they're, not sitting there, trying to get everyone's spamming. What's your favorite us work? Well, here's where it gets tricky is normally. Obviously, you can ban whoever you want for whatever reason in your channel, but because it's actually the official u.s military and that's part of federal government. You can't necessarily. I mean the first amendment that that this is an actual free speech issue. Unlike that's, really interesting, yeah yeah, so they they were getting threatened to be sued for violating first amendment rights because it that is literally the government blocking speech yeah, it's the same with donald trump. He was blocking people on twitter and a judge right. He can't you can't do that people right yeah, although, as far as I'm aware, he has not unblocked anybody still. Maybe he did. I don't know yeah. Maybe he did, but that's but anyway, I think that's probably why they pulled the plug they're like oh. This is getting weight too yeah. It just seemed like it caught them, a huge headache. I mean 20 views right. I mean they're, like dude we've given away 10 controllers, one chair and one gaming pc and we've only gotten like five sign ups. Well, I was reading evidently they're they're, desperate uh, apparently, recruitment has um, has gone just down and down and down over the last. You know what a couple decades and now with covet it's it's like completely dried up, they're, not getting anybody signing up. You know what I may suggest to the army: uh, compensating people better that might get more recruitment instead of trying to trick them into winning a 200, uh controller or perhaps not perpetually being at war, so that, when you sign up you're, pretty much know that you're going to be shipped to afghanistan or something uh. Well, we'll take it one thing at a time here: dan true, if the you, if the, if the army was more yeah, I don't think they had any problem with recruitment in the 90s. When we were at peace yeah, I wouldn't I yeah. I wouldn't want to sign up and get shipped off to [ __, ], afghanistan, [ __, ], that you know all these guys come back with ptsd, so many vets committing suicide living on the streets. If you want more recruitments, treat your vets better. Damn there's a reason why people don't want to join the army because it [ __ ] sucks, because vets get treated like [, __ ], you don't get compensated, it's dangerous and uh. That's pretty much it. You know it's good enough. You should hire me, let's close down that twitch chat and just pay people a little bit more and give them [ __ ] health insurance and therapy right evil. Right. Thank you. Speaking of vets we have searching for a button. We have one we're about to uh speak to you right shoe. Nice is a vet, so we celebrate shoe nice shoe. Nice is moving to los angeles. You look. You want me to wait for the sound by deal. No, I couldn't find anything you weren't going to cricket me because I was celebrating the vets. How dare you? No? I wasn't going to cricket. I was looking for something new. I guess um. I didn't find something that I wanted to use. If you took a 12 incher ila, you would be petite in within seconds um garbage [Music] [Laughter], that's a I don't like it [Laughter]! Well so uh shoenice is on the phone he's, moving to los angeles or not los angeles he's living in a baker field he's moving to california in a couple of weeks and we're very excited to welcome shoenice into our state. So we thought it'd be fun to get on a call with him see how he's doing and check in with our boys. So with that being said, let's check in with the shoe nice with us today, of course, is the legendary shoe nice eater of tampons destroyer of 10-pound, reese's, uh bars and uh. Marge simpson also moonlight says marge simpson: nice cops, hi, hobie, hey homie, shut up, sorry, who's, your who's, your favorite alternate personality. You've got the joker. You've got marge simpson who speaks to you more um, I'm on the level with probably rocky balboa? Oh you do. I didn't you did that knowledge of life. Do you do a rocky balboa impression? What about the congratulations for getting your check? Mark baxter, nice you're, the only youtube channel that ever got a check mark back in a second chance on youtube, after losing their main channel uh-huh. Oh congratulations. Thank you. That's a big uh big victory for the shoei congrats appreciate it guys appreciate. It feels good man to be back because that check mark just puts you above 100 other million people. You know bro. How do you feel about people who don't have check marks? They should apply for them, because I tell them all the time like airsoft fatty badlands chugs. He didn't even know about it. So, every time I see somebody with a hundred thousand or more subscribers, I say yo go apply for your check, mark just google, it yeah. I okay great. I mean that's really good advice sure before we get into the main story here of having you on today, I do have a little bit of a beef with you that I'd like to squash here today. I feel like you're, an agent of chaos. You came on our show and um right, you tossed us into disarray. You claimed that goku naru you took down kokunaro's video, then you went on twitter and you started saying that you were lying and then you were, I mean shu. You are a true agent of chaos. Can I trust you at all with anything you say here today, yeah, to be honest with you, I was hoping we weren't going to jump back there, but we might as well get that as well as well. I've got to address and again, in the end, I didn't like the fact of my son and you getting shot so every time I seen it, I did report it we're going back we're going back, we're stepping back now. What's going on. So when you talk to me it's one story: when you talk over 90 days, I'm sober 90 days, bro, I'm gonna say I'm I'm a businessman. Now, I'm a bit, I got tired. What is the truth? What is the truth? True, nice! That's all I want I'm looking forward. I'm looking you guys right in the eye. Look not even blinking you never blink. I reported that video as many times as I could with my channel and alternate ones. How many come at me? How many times do you think it's still on youtube? It's still on youtube with hundreds of thousands of views right, that's my yeah totally! How many times I guess it's just you know it's more publicity for us, bro right, hell, yeah! We win every time right, chill yeah and if we get together, it's going to be nothing but 2 million views 12 hours after an upload absolutely. Should we make a video? I'm sorry. Should we make a video executing goku naru together? No I'm just kidding, obviously not but um. I don't see. I don't waste my video uploads on all that like, but you know, drama skirt and all that he just got his ads back he's happy. He played it off, but if he didn't get his partnership back, he'd be crying the blues. Bro! Sorry! For that side, note! That's! Okay! Okay, wait! I thought! Didn't you just say you didn't have a laptop? No! I do, but I can't I can't do when chromebook see what it says on there drama alert. Oh my god is a b drama. It's a [! __ ]! Now. Can you guess how if you reported it from your main channel and all of your alternate channels, can you guess how many times did you report goku narrows video? Oh, I didn't have all the ones they took away, but they just gave them back to me. Um, probably just my ip2, my this channel and another one, but I also sent in a snapchat family of about 15 000 people to report it to that's what I do when I don't like somebody wow. What is your snapchat family you're? Just your followers on snapchat, you said I dropped them like nothing dude. When I got a hundred thousand subscribers. I literally went on four snapchats. I quick added five thousand people. I'm the king of spam there'll be a movie about me and I literally just had them. There was high schools sharing in the auditorium shoe nice shoe nice cause. They thought I was gonna come visit, the school and there was like 30 of them bro wow, and so they all reported goku nar's video tell these people, man they're, like how'd, you get so famous. How do you do where do you get the view views aren't going to come, knocking on your door? Bro? No, I mean literally, you got to go out and find them back in the day, a vacuum cleaner guy or anybody with a business knocking on doors. Now it's soliciting to have a hundred thousand people at your fingertips and show them that you slam bottles of olive oil in 13 seconds. They're gonna stay if you're, just a piano guy playing the guitar skateboarding, there's a million of them out there bro we bring shoe nice in with h3h3. I don't even remember that one show what was it david letterman, you guys would be in the studio and I'd be out on the streets and you guys would just be doing pranks on me or whatever a couple arrests here and there we'll be famous and we'll be real, not fake, like roman atwood and vitali hold on a second bro go ahead. What's in that mug, oh he's gone. What happened? Hey eat the imagineering into your eyes every morning. Is that pretty creepy yeah? I wouldn't like that. I definitely wouldn't like that. You're not gonna get a jack just sitting there. Sorry! I do notice shoei that uh on twitter, you follow. So many people that twitter disables your ability to follow more people for like 24 hours, I've never heard of that before. So you really are a follower. Maniac rob there's! There's things nobody's ever seen before. I've had 15 facebook. I have a lady in twitter. She just I got lucky this time with 4 000 followers. This lady just waits for shoe nice to come back on twitter and bang. She I mean howie mandel blocked me I mean I was just ripping on the dude, I'm like dude, I mean for real um. America's got town has no town, including the judges, and he blocks and records me [Music] yeah. You don't want howie mandela as an enemy, the kardashians blocked me uh twice, and that was back on my main channel. That's pretty cool to say that you know what I mean for a lawyer to come in and say stop saying, kim k is with jj smells like hey and maymay. A lawyer told me that oh so you're moving to bakersfield that's very exciting. Why bakersfield um just some family things going on and I actually using a va loan. I'm saving up money, I'm buying a house, probably at the base of the sierra nevadas. Really nice cool area- I mean there's a fault underneath it, but I always wanted to be in a major earthquake. That's not fun! Well, you may get your wish yet. You guys are looking at me like I'm all, oh, that's cause your faces are frozen. I was like: why are they just staring now we're frozen? It might be the internet, oh yeah, that's all right chewie, so we're moving to bakersfield. What is what are you leaving behind? You know when you move you've been this place for a long time. What do you leave behind shoe nothing but just bars that won't? Let me in dude I'm banned from the whole 16th street in denver I mean for real. It's time I mean a state gets sick of me after you know a few years and I've been here seven so, but I want to take over hollywood. I mean back in the day hanging out on hollywood strip when I was on guinness world records for a while. That's where I belonged with a microphone just asking millennials questions like can you name three of the brady kids? You know that's comedy dude. That definitely sounds great I'd love to send you out to the street and uh. Have you interview the people out there, but shoei? Would you be wearing a mask if you went out to hollywood boulevard? Do you believe in masks? Oh no, oh he's! Right! Let's gone again, I was gonna say shu. Do you believe in? If you went out to hollywood boulevard, would you be wearing a mask? Do you believe in masks? Oh yeah, you gotta, wear a mask bro nice. Definitely gotta wear masks the only way we're gonna save society. You know what I mean so shoe. Nice gets it. I mean wow, I mean shoe. Nice is too nice. I I actually do think you're an intelligent man into a chair. Well, assuming you can hear me oh yeah yeah, but look at man. I got ones that match my eyes match my shirt match my background. That's my shoe nice tattoo on my arm. Dude! Oh yeah, I'm all about blue! That's why I got the that's, why I got the teddy fresh jersey. You know what I mean. I feel yeah you're all about the blue baby blue. The best thing that came with your shirt. Dude. Oh you know it's a sticker. This is a book marker. You can roll a joint on it when you're on the city, bus, hey shoe and you get the other one, and I I tried to eat it for video bro. I don't want to do that. Yeah. I wouldn't recommend that hey shoe, that's a sticker. You know that good evening I just didn't want to disrespect you, oh well! Thank you. We appreciate that. So you lived in denver for seven years, you're up and leaving to california, no friends, no girlfriends, oh yeah, I got I got all that bro. I got a whole family behind this curtain that just don't want to be a part of youtube. Maybe they'll be a part of it someday. Let me see behind that curtain. Hey I'm just like jim carrey, I'm just like will pharaoh bro, I'm just a really good actor. You gotta have a little gary busy in you to you, know. Yeah. You definitely got gary busy. I had a lady. I had a mystic psychic lady. He said that I have the soul of robin williams, god rest his soul. He was my hero along with chris farley. We try and stay calm and you think it's going to be a good interview and then I'm bouncing all over the place right. What I mean absolutely I mean I'm living it. You live with it every day. What are you drinking? I'm just curious. This is water, okay, good, because 90 days sober today, good, congratulations! I really am proud of you. I hope you you keep going chill. I never I'm, never drinking again! Wow you did did somebody throw in like an audience clapping yeah, yeah yeah, that was dan. He was clapping extra loud for you. Every tv show you're on you when they go to the audience and they're clapping. They pre-record that, like days before, sometimes on uh tash.now. Oh you know. Oh that's all a scene, but when we do everything, there's no audience there um! It's just you know. That's just added in there's no audience in the taj what a what a sham! Well, not it's all studio audiences like the clapping and everything guinness world records go wild. We did it and the audience was behind us, but all that clapping was pre-recorded, because I guess it screws up the audio. You guys seen that one where I ate 20 birthday candles on fire in under a minute for a guinness world record. I actually knocked on my whole door and they said dude. You got to stay here. So what is that record for eating the most birthday candles on well on fire? That's very niche! It's nice! This guy wasn't even gonna, make the show, unless me and another dude from youtube agreed to do it and after all these talks they finally brought a bunch of us to california to try and beat these stupid records. Like a woman put a hundred pairs of underwear on and off I mean, but I failed it because they stuck the candles in this styrofoam cup and the styrofoam and the can. It was just a toxic mess. I don't know how he died and the cameraman seen it he's like dude, the emts were just laughing at. He goes, I've seen it. Oh, they didn't do it. They came to my hotel yeah. Everybody else got sent home. They came to my hotel. They said we want you on another episode, man you're just legendary, and it was so fun. I said: well, we got to use a cake this time, not styrofoam, and then I got the record and you smashed it the second time yeah, that's my boy. What I'd like to do when you come out to l.a show lasted a year. I want to find other guinness world records. We can have you break on the show. How great would that be? That would be amazing. I mean, if you put me side by side with somebody I always win, because I got like 10 times the power when I'm just making a video. That's just regular eating but like. If you put me on somebody like get like laps to l.a beast has like 10 world records. I mean he just hung out with two women. That said, hey we're, beginners world records, they got in office and just sets food in front of them. I'll beat all them records and he pukes it up. Yeah, I'm looking at you. Ladies. You follow me like a little shadow bro, just like steve will do it so hang on. I think we've got a great vertical for chewy on the show. I think we got to give you a whole segment like shoe, shoe the destroyer or shoe the dominator, maybe even on the street. We can find people that want to see a lot of people going. Yeah, sorry that would be cool. I get a little delay, but there's going to be a lot of people in your fan base I mean my fan base is like 500 potheads, so I think they'll just get along when it comes down to comedy. I was just born to make people laugh and just I I don't even need a script. Dude everything is ad-lib to me and I mean I mean like baba there. You go well papa shui um. I can't wait for you're coming out in two weeks right, yeah I'll I'll, be you'll. See me I'll make a video in l.a, probably sometime the end of next week, tuesday locked down in somebody's gotta go somewhere, I'm gonna be somewhere, and then everything else is just gonna come together like magic, bro um. Why is it that you like, when you post a video you always erase it I'm done with that bro? That was, that was a drunken. You know bipolar, let's get some opiates on saturday and do molly on monday, I'm just all business now dude! Thank god. Why look at the black when you look at the past when the future- oh laughs, yeah? No, I just wanted to. I was just trying to download the phenomenon, because you would upload a video and then like clockwork. You would remove it. Would it just be like you would sober up and then be embarrassed by the video or what oh, no, never embarrass. What it is is that you would never want a video to not have as many views as the one prior to it. That's why some people that they get that million views and like gunk and arrow? Oh I'm going to be a legend forever and you know once he lost that whole h3h street glamour. You know he's just going to go back to like five six thousand views and his whole channel. Oh sorry, that's so I I never imagined that's why go ahead? I'm not sure you should follow that rule. That's not going to work for you! Well yeah, yeah yeah we're business! Now, I'm sorry! So it's not true that you should erase it if it's got less views from the last video, because your view, your views will go up and down. That's natural yeah also youtube. That's probably true, that's probably true, but um. I want to also ask you guys something too. After I get to my internship, is I'm going to be training in bakersfield to fight in mma fights, so you guys laugh, I'm 53 and I'll take out the whole ufc heavyweight division. But maybe, if I have like my shorts I'll have h3h3 on one ass cheek and sure: can we get a tf on your forehead? I would sponsor you for that tattooed, I don't know, obviously just careful she wouldn't do that. She wouldn't do that. I don't know why shu just picks up and bounces. I think he's going to put the tf on his forehead yeah pretty sure, but he does occasionally and what's left is basically like an old brown chair and a curtain that can only be described as here's my resume. So you guys I got it. I take it off with a shot. I do this all the time on my live stream. I go live every day. You just take one of these things. What is it so just a layer of skin, but that's good to shed like a snake bro? Oh my god, just sure you could probably use a paper towel. It was a steel wool like oh, that was just steel wool. Would it be on top? Where are they now and now that they don't have to pay for a 2800 itinerary flying me out and back I'm just going to show up at his studio? I know how to get right to the gate. I love to film that to you, though, just blindfold me I'll, be like this all right. You sit me down on the purple couch. I interview that daniel walks me out the door a couple of blocks and boom. Is it okay? You rolled me out of a van dude, just slow down like 15 miles an hour. Just dummy yeah yeah is that okay, if we throw a pillow case on your head and throw you in an unmarked van hold on bro, I gotta take my bite in this man. I just that's the only way I can stay healthy had a piece of paper that said vitamin a d and b and he ate the piece of paper for those just listening, we're going to get along just great now that we got over everything of the past yeah, I'm sure there's more drama ahead, I'm a business, I'm a businessman, bro, I'm going to be paying you guys to have me in your studio. That's how I work you know! Well, you were very upset that we didn't pay you last time. Isn't that right, hey where's, that this is how I sleep every night bro, so I love silk. Dude I mean this is just I'm just like wow get away from me. I'm alert, I'm not that type of guy [Music] well uh shoe um you're, like kind of like a prop comic. Aren't you you're kind of like a shoe you're kind of like a carrot, top a shoe, a shoe bottom? If you would, please did you just say, never top carrot top is a steroid freaking nature. He does look like he does kind of look wild. Doesn't he I don't know? I look like john c riley bro shaken babe talladega nights. Well, I was just comparing you because you're kind of like a prop comic, I think wow so much for your wi-fi to handle he says yeah. I know you move too much. Your wi-fi can't render fast enough. You gotta not move. Otherwise. We can't make out your frames. You didn't hear the dial up before we went online still on dial-up yeah. Well, you listen uh! Our the connection is pretty bad. I'm not gonna lie so it's kind of somewhat difficult to have a conversation, but I think we've we've we've covered enough. We've got the shoe nice update. We love what we see we're excited to see you. I think we got some good ideas too. I want to send you out on the street shoe nice to the destroyer, competition, ow bro. If I ever get injured, I don't have to sue anybody. I got veterans medical for life dude. I can lose a leg, making a video, that's good to know, that's good. To know I mean that's, that's really good to know I'll use that we're emma our war heroes, man. We need to be together on youtube, brother, absolutely [Laughter], all right, chewie, uh, you're, still crushing it on cameo, oh dude, I gotta. I can never stop thanking you guys enough. Bro, that's awesome! Cameo! It's just! You know five grand a month, dude minimum wow, that's terrific! That's terrific! So youtube is my weed. My you choose my weed money, dude! So cameo next time you talk to that ceo susan. Tell her she's gotta. Take the notification bell right out of the equation: we never needed it before everybody. That's subscribed to your channel gets the video whether they like it or not. Okay, I'll tell if she said that so shoe 22 on cameo right. Let me write what she did to me: cool lady susan, a shoe next 22 on cameo right, yeah, yeah, that's the that's where that's! Where you'll find him straight! Shoe nice! I'm shoe nice 22 on tick, tock, I'm about ready to hit 100 000 subscribers and I'm gonna be marketed there I'll, be a marketing partner yeah and you wear their [ __ ] shoe. Do you have any limit on what you'll say on cameo, for example, if somebody asks you to recruit, for I don't know al qaeda, would you do that or would you will you say anything anytime? Somebody comes in and says anything racist just say this say the n word I say nutella on their mom's ass. I change it all up and it pisses them off and you take their money. I used to shut down a lot of um, kkk and racist channels on instagram. That's the one thing I got to tell you: I do have a contract out of my head, so I'll never reveal where you guys are. You have a concept on your head wow? No, I'm just [Laughter] you're, not even in my life anymore. What are you even living here for for sorry, is out of frame arguing with marge simpson. Oh thanks, all right julie, oh I got a door. I found it. I found a deer, the other one. She was up and out of his seat again. What did he found? He found a deer yeah there's, not a hey doggie. What's his name, this is hazel she's a girl, but her on stage name is ears hazel. What a sweetheart you played gizmo! She played gizmo in a broadway version of gremlins. She does. She does ren and stimpy oh stupid, so cute yeah, almost 11., oh wow, has she been with you? How has she been with you like the whole time? Seven years, seven years? Oh and that's so beautiful, that's so precious you that makes me that makes me more and dear to you that knowing you've had a dog for seven years dude, I love the animals more than kids dude. I love animals more than humans. I miss my dogs. More than my exes. You know I know yeah I feel like I feel like. I would be sadder if my dogs died than most people. I know, oh, my god, look at them playing yeah that is so precious yeah they're the best I love them they're, so cute I gotta hold back the tears. I ate all my tissue last night, all right, chewy, I gotta. Let you go let's end. On top we'll see you we'll see you in a couple of weeks all over trees. He messaged me when I was trolling him I'll box him any day. Dude put that in the title, I'm looking for oliver trees, all right I'll. Let him know! I don't know that. I don't know you want to mess with that character. You can't wait to get on the payroll. Just kidding, I'm paying you yeah, yeah and I'll. Send you an invoice all right, oh he's out, he just hung up all right. Okay, ladies and gentlemen. Well always a pleasure having shu on think there's a lot of potential good content there to be made with him competing talking to people on the street. I just he's an entertainer at heart at his heart. He definitely is, and I'm really proud of him being sober for so long. She was she's the guy she was the guy um on thursday, so it would be out on friday. Is that right, uh? All gas? No breaks? I don't know if you guys, if you're not aware of this channel, you should be. He is a super funny. He goes out into wild places and just interviews. People he's got this really fantastic way of interviewing people where they're so forthcoming. He did this one interview during the riots and was it minneapolis yeah, where he went inside a burning like target and was just interviewing the writers and I'm just it's it's great- that he got picked up by absolutely, which is tim and eric's production company for a show. The guys he's crushing it he's he's fantastic he's, gonna be joining us on thursday and uh can't wait to talk with him. So that's coming up this week, um and that's pretty much it for the issue. Podcast hope you learned a lot. I think we learned a lot. We covered a lot of of. We covered a lot of ground today, um! No, no! We we we we backtracked. Would you say we? No? I was going to say whatever you're going to ask me: you want mexican food whatever it is. I knew do you want to uh swim tonight? Yes, nope! It's too late, you can't swim tonight, yeah. We swim for exercise all right, but you ela's, usually like I gotta bag ethan. I don't want it to sound that pathetic. I'm glad you're doing it, though, because we recently I'm not lying. I had a conversation about your pool and you said you hadn't used it yet. I've tried a lot since then. Okay, well good, because I've been using it several times a week. That's awesome, but it was like the winter. It was cold and now it's the summer and we've been using it a lot. Was that acceptable to you dan? Yes, thank you I'll. Give you a pass. Thank you very much. So eli does not want to swim tonight. Do you want to not get pizza tonight? Yes, no. You said whatever I ask. The answer is no, so you don't want to swim and you do want to get pizza tonight got her got her got her. Oh god, this is so stupid, ending. What else is there to say? I mean nobody watches anyway, right thursday's gonna be great. We also have another interesting guest, the following week: um the party bros chad and jt, the party bros, who are out trying to hand out mass they're going to city council lobbying for parties in the hollywood hills. These guys are up to all kinds of shenanigans. We love it and they are coming on on [ __ ] next week. Yes, sir ian zach, anything to add party on dude zack who's, your favorite porn star- oh my god, rosie palm and her five sisters, the [ __ ]- is that rosie palm and her five sisters. Oh that's your hand, do you have a favorite porn star? You know, that's immoral man. I don't partake in that. That's against god yeah! I expected. What would it would it be kim kardashian? I mean that's what I was gonna say, but he thinks that's disrespectful. Well, how so even what I don't know, I don't I mean she did it willingly. It's not like you know. I mean I remember for the longest time she was like the most popular search for years on pornhub. You remember that and she still, I think she still is she's up there. Let me see most popular searches on pornhub. You want to look like in the us or globally. I think in the us most accurate. Let's keep it in the us top circuit. I think she I think she won something when I was at the pornhub awards. That's true! Oh for real! What did she win? Um uh? I don't remember, I can't remember what just flashed on screen there for a second. I don't know what you're talking about bring that back. Bring that back. I put the zoom back on. I didn't see it. Oh I got to bring these these guys up right. I I was just saying I don't watch porn because you know my man's always watching. Jesus was black ian and I think it's absolutely racist that you're appropriating he looks a little middle eastern there. He looks like white as [ __ ]. That's like the whitest we've ever seen. Jesus. What no you've wasn't jesus, definitely whiter jesus than that, but jesus well uh he's from palestine right. Well, I guess, but I don't know why do people say he's black? He was probably just middle eastern he's, probably just looked arab, arabic or middle eastern right ian. I don't know my jesus well, somebody does this drawing that gets shown a lot. What did jesus actually look like, and I don't know why people always show this, because I think it's just he looks strange. It looks like a mug shot like this is what he was a criminal. Somebody always shows this painting as like. This is what jesus probably looked like and just looks like some dude yeah, yes yeah. I guess that makes sense. He's got a go team, [, __ ]. They always depict him as incredibly handsome it's. What about this guy yeah, I mean, looks israeli yeah. He does so. It makes sense. This guy looks like he just looks like an israeli dad who's like super like harsh but yeah. He probably did look like this all right, um top porn stars just to go. Oh belle delphine. What the f she was number four dude. She is so huge top uh searches in 2019, one amateur, two alien. I [ __ ], you not alien. Let me say that again alien you're, saying that these are the top searches. Okay. Well, I guess, maybe because all that area 51 meme last year, I guess I mean alien number. Three was pov number four was belle delphine, oh cause, probably because she that troll she did yeah right, but still you to appreciate how much traffic she drove. I mean pornhub is one of the most popular sites in the world, she's a marketing genius, five speaking of her. We should give an update because we we did uh talk about the packages in the last episode. This can't be right. Six is mature, there's more people searching for grandmas than lesbians. That can't be right. That cannot be right here. Okay, take it up and take it up, wait hold on. I don't know what the what they're on about this is most search terms for 2019. Japanese was number one hentai, two lesbian. Three. There you go milf iv korean asian damp, these dudes love, asians. The top five spots is asian korean hentai and japanese. That's crazy step mob, massage anal, ebony, big ass, teen, threesome, anime, public cream pie, big tits chinese, makes an appearance. I didn't know that there was such a fascination with asian women. Lana rhodes number one: don't blink either I'm falling asleep mia khalifa riley reed! It's not that interesting to just hear you read stuff, it's like reading it and then your boy, uh zach. I know you know this guy jordy el nino. I remember you he is the most searched male porn star. By far, which is a guy, he looks like he's like 15, but he's got this huge [, __, ] and he's like looks like he's like a middle schooler. You see even how it's just a chair, I'm vibing on that oh yeah. He was leaving all right all right. Well then, I guess that, does it hey folks, I guess. Oh, my god look at oh, I should show it the screen. I'm sorry! I should have just that's what I was saying. Well just tell me to drag the window. Well, I think you know by now. No that's why I was saying it's not that interesting. Just to hear your reads: no, I wanted people to watch it. United states is killing it on the porn. Well, that's just pornhub time spent per visit. Thailand 11 minutes. Do people spend 10 minutes on part up yeah? That sounds about right. This is still not that interesting, I'm fascinated by this. You know mississippi. They have a bite. This is epic. Mississippians spend the most time on page those guys talk about this like a year and a half ago, when this like came out or yeah, I think it was like we did. It was less and it was better specific. Most people are jerking off at midnight. The least amount of people are jerking off for 5 a.m. That's awesome! This is not that interesting. It's so funny like if you're jerking off at 5am, you know you're just like the pathetic outlier and if you're jerking off at midnight, god bless you right before bed peak hours, most popular day to jerk off um friday's, the least popular day to jerk off that interests me saturday, oh sunday is the most popular day to jerk off, probably because everyone's like [ __ ]. It's monday, you know what I mean: monday's next um, japanese, killing it lesbian, yadda, yadda, yadda america loves lesbians, russia loves hentai. We've literally talked about this exactly what is israel into um? What's this ebony wait? That's israel! Oh here it is yeah yeah, it's probably too tiny. Wait! What's orange arab, oh weird interesting, I guess! Maybe that makes sense. I could see israelis want to jerk off to arabs because it's like exotic and different than whatever uh okay, most oh here we go most searched term for pornhub gay. Now we're talking korean. So even the gay guys like the asian asians, interesting korean, japanese, black daddy. I wonder: what's daddy porn, just like dad straight what the f asian twink, I would expect twink to be higher. Wouldn't you ela camp buddies is top trending awesome, wait what camp buddy [Laughter] most viewed gay category? Oh straight guys! You know that's interesting that that's like a thing in the gay community, because that was yeah. The whole thing about james, charles, hey, jeffree star, like you want what you can't get in fruit yeah straight guys. Maybe they just find just staring at me all cute most searched for gay porn stars. Evil. Take note. Zevel goodl is the number one star by far look that up uh later most food categories by gender: oh women's, favorite, okay! So this I am actually really interested in women number one is a lesbian thoughts on that evo. I guess that kind of makes sense it does. Can you explain unpack that for me? Well, the lesbian! Oh because it's like women looking for women yeah, I think a lot of straight women watch lesbian sex. I got you ian and I got that in there and I think what is ian is ian. What are you doing in there? What did he do? He's asleep he's in bed? Open, zoom? Oh you guys aren't seeing it. No! No! No because eli made me close it because, oh here, because ethan was just oh, he did it all right. Well, I can't even see you so nice joke. Lesbian is number one with women popular with women is pop, the second most popular, pretty talented. With the zoom background comedy yeah, we should just do a whole new job and zoom background comedy [Laughter] uh. Would you guess that the second most popular category with women is popular with women? That's the name of the category! Oh, but number three is japanese! Everybody loves the japanese, that's crazy! I I think, just based off of the uh geographic map that you put up there I mean they're, asians, is the biggest population in the world? So it's it's really just people search it's a lot of. No, these are americans. No, it's not, or does it say, um. You think that no go go back up to the map. I'll show you what I'm talking about. Oh look at everything in china, japanese, yeah, look at all of china wait. So all of china wants to [ __ ], japanese people. Well, I think it's probably just because it's the most common asian category on porn. Why would they allow such data to skew the whole map? That's not skewing, there's just there's a billion chinese people and they all want japanese people. This is really the worst conversation. No, it's not. How dare you I just don't think it's that surprising that the the largest ethnic group in the world searches for its its own ethnic group- you know what I mean, but I would assume that they're using their own porn sites. Why? I guess not everybody uses pornhub man guys. I do think it's worth noting that of the women's favorites big dick is very low on the register. There you go, it's actually at the same position between well. Why would men be searching for actually more women want one big dick than men, which I guess you know the same placement in order, though yeah right. That is interesting. We all like big dick just a little bit yeah just a little bit, there's more women watching hentai than big dick there's, no gang bang on demands, but there is on the women's yeah. I think I could see but uh, let's see, ebony anal anal's pretty high up a milf women watching enough at the same spot, too anime anal on men and women. Oh, it looks like men eked out the desire for anal a little bit more. I want to talk about feet. Oh here we go uh viewed more often by women compared to men, [ __, ]. Looking that is so vulgar a scissoring is on here. How are we going to put any of this in the episode yeah? Why are we going why we're just talking? Scissoring is on here. People actually want scissoring, oh, bisexual mail. Double penetration. Women want to see double penetration that that's fascinating to me. Oh, you see lana rhodes number one. Oh whoa, whoa whoa, the women are looking out for jordi, el nino poya. That's interesting that they want to look find that little 15 year old middle schooler. I want to show you a picture of him because he really looks like a little kid. In fact, let me google it and hopefully, oh god, jordy hold on get off your screen. El nino. I just want to show you his face. What's his name, uh zach, I know you know what jordi el nino just say: uh papoya, oh l, a oil like chicken. Oh here he is here's a non-pornographic photo! Oh jesus here. Let me just wait. I want to show you like without okay, please don't be porn. Okay, that's him! That's him! Pretty badass he's number one! All right! That's enough! Guys! Ian! Are you there [Music] his chair, yeah! It's like his camera froze ian. Did your camera freeze, I'm kind of sick? You done wrap it up. I don't know. Maybe I have the flu or something we're done. We're done we're done all right. Bye, bye, tatty, [Music], [Music],.