- good morning, everybody, the host of the h3 podcast ethan klein and, of course joined with me, is my beautiful co-host and wife best friend, lover and helper, my son Beau Owen. How have that never gets old? Thank you for joining us. Do you know you could be anywhere watching anything you might even be in school instead of paying attention to teacher whatever it is you're doing I. Thank you for being here with me today you could be burying a body, and this is what you're doing there's something to just distract yourself during the work. I appreciate you for listening to me as well. Every view matters and no matter who it is happened to be listening. You know I'm, not sure, I'll take and I'm sure I don't know yes, Allah knows very well. Today's episode is sponsored by privacy and yours, truly Teddy fresh now quickly. I want to show you guys. What's new, we had a new collection. Yesterday, Teddy fresh calm, I'm, going to show you very quickly the TF hoodie. Now in three colors white teal and black you got a new to Ted's are better than one sweater. It's just math folks, you see better than one in blue and black you've got the TF long-sleeve teal white black. This is what I'm wearing right now I love this shirt so much it's a striped rainbow tee with a bare patch. You've got it in black and you've got it in cream. It's all happening. Folks. You've got the bear patch classic T bear patch multicolored rib, it's all happening folks. You got purple light. Teal, dark cream circle, bear t I designed this, so everybody buy this obviously mm-hmm and then introducing women's tees. This is a crop cut. Both of these are crop cut for no, no, it's not super short. No, it's it's not a belly shirt! Yeah! It's not a belly shirt! It's just shorter than the men's t-shirt. Yeah, it looks great. We've got the pants. We've got a belt, a fresh belt. We've got the patchwork, hoodies and two colors sunset and sunrise. It's all happening right here. Right now on the a street podcast live, we should change them to the AC. Podcast live not live, not like my podcast either. Not podcast, not good! Well, listen enough with the BS we're here to be entertained because TGIF, let's have some fun. Let's start it off right with the video that I personally couldn't believe is real, but I'm afraid to say it is. This. Is the barbershop video I always wonder what goes on zip barbershops? You know cuz I'd never go to a barbershop, and apparently apparently this is what goes on at barbershops no I'm trying to figure out. What's with this cut, you can first of all at the hairline that he gives this guy is so outrageous. I think he has a receding hairline. So the guy was like I want to try to make it look like you, don't have a receding hairline, and so he cut the hairline way back instead and now and he doesn't stop and the homie is just trout. Thing is like taking deep breaths what is happening. Guys I got bad news. I, don't think it is what they'll do you know? I recognize that guy the guy getting their hair cut? Okay, who is he it's the guy that go back to the Twitter post, okay, Twitter world Simpson? Go to that guy's profile, guy, yeah, I, don't think! That's him! I looked look through all the videos. This is the same dude alright, so it's so funny as [ __ ] wait hold on hold on hold on that. Is him the mother of Christ mother of right commodity? Honestly, oh you got you got hit with this now got it huh, so wait so wait eye contact. Do you guys not communicate yeah? That's what I'm wondering we don't have immune. How are we not in the same game? Why did you wait? I didn't see this video it's at the top of my pocket is the first video alright, well I apologize! Please what's going on here! This guy is really funny, though yeah we'll give him that, oh, he said close your eyes. Anything went through her phone I got to check out this guy. He's guy got a piece by guy. Well, you got me good and even though it's a sketch I have to applaud you because, frankly, so bizarre, what tipped me off was like the perfectly frame shot yeah. It looks so real. Like I, don't know everything about. This is just perfect, yeah props, to this guy man. He looks so depressed man and that barber so he's just so serious about it yeah. This is [ __, ], awesome man I, wanted this. Video I want to get a haircut like that, but he's so good. Acting yeah well I gotta I got a prop. I gotta give you props my dude at mister guy, a a guy, a piece by guy he's. It verified, he's verified. That's what I'm saying. Oh ok, I, don't know what he's from I'm just making [ __ ] on Twitter I guess he said my parents split when I was in the 2nd grade, but didn't get a divorce until I was in college. That is unusual. I. Agree! No wonder this guy's! Thank you. He's got an Instagram day. I'm gonna check this guy's got rules. Look any he's even got the comedy bars to [ __ ] tie it all together. Is this dude really trying to take a picture? It's really like this dude is like kind of act like he doesn't know who it is. Oh that's good! This guy's gold man, we like what we see all right. Let's get him on the podcast, so a next stop. We have a very contentious video that we really need to get Ian to weigh in on so Kayne was caught. Let me show you this video somebody, candidly recorded Kanye West eating his ear, wax and I swear to you right now. You can see clothing for the ear and then into the mouth. What's happening. What's happened? What is happening here? Let's watch one more time, Kanye into the ear. Try to defend it, I! Dare you as I'm sure you will? Oh, it's incredibly easy to defend as fake news, so obvious, okay, go home! Okay! There's a couple elements here that you can break down: mm-hmm, that's full lobe grab, there's no ear canal penetration happening. That's true! I didn't know that what a worldís keeps [ __ ] my [ __ ] up with these videos, go ahead, keep going well! Look! He good I can't watch videos on Twitter, we're gonna start ripping these in, like wine generation or what's up with my browser, I, don't know we gotta! We gotta solve this issue. Yeah see it's not letting me play it, that's not happen anywhere else, yeah! So weird, it's always when you fullscreen it yeah. It's got a full-screen net. Well, oh you know what I got to do is just like this. Oh there you go, oh, it doesn't yeah all right. You know what I'm done with Friday I was in a good mood. I was raised, a jam have fun. This is outrageous. How am I supposed to watch videos Ian go ahead and now Isaac whip. Well, look at the ear grabbe's doesn't go in his finger. Does not go inside his ear. Well, it looks like it could see. Okay, so there's the lobe, but then there's the bucket like the kind of here's, the other thing and he may have been swooping above the low because, frankly in let me break this down for you. If you're eating your earwax in public, you want to make it look like you're, just scratched you, you are hiding it. So what I know you're gonna say is he's just touching his earlobe and then he's taking something out of his mouth. If I was eating my earwax in public, that's what I would want it to appear like in I get what you're saying but I disagree wholeheartedly. I gotta, say: I got a piece, so why would it go from ear to mouth unless he was trying to taste it? Do you know where's the doctor, though look say you were digging in your ear for earwax you're gonna go one finger. He uses a distinct pinching pattern that is not conducive to retrieval. That's not truly ant, because if you're digging in this canal, I I acknowledge he didn't go into the ear. But if he's doing like this, do you sue digs with two fingers? That's a clear ground like this. Do you see what I'm doing you can reach ildren or something from that like that? Because sometimes you get gunk here and you can make? Sometimes you also get gunk here either you wear earrings, absolutely that happened to me but he's doing like this, so he could certainly be scooping from the bottom, not inside, but the bottom, but I'm saying you can scoop. Also from here he was any and dust Konya where it's not earwax, it's no well, whatever the grocery. He does. He wear earrings ever no I, let's use to contine hearing I, think I'm gonna find pictures of him wearing earrings dude. No, you won't I said 2019. Okay, let's try, 2019 big shot. I got a piece. So bad ya know those years. Look pretty uh earring list, I gotta say it yeah. What a shocker, okay, I, guess, wife, what but maybe is wearing it privately I! Don't know the are you with him. Definitely I think he's right, sir. He doesn't wear earrings in the year. 2019 I'm gonna give her but I'm. Not because like let me get, let me give you an anecdote. Sometimes if I scratch, my balls, I'll smell my hand and obviously that's embarrassing. You don't want to Shh, you don't want, because, basically you have to go right away. You can't! So if you scratch, you want to sniff, you don't want to delay, but obviously you don't because it's obvious you're like like that. So what you would do is be like wait, a second and be like. Oh I'm itching my nose or something and then you're, but you're actually smelling it right. So that's what Kanye is doing in my opinion, he's trying to pull it off, but in actuality he's scoping and then he goes straight to the mouth like hello. Why would you do that and he rubs his fingers on his tongue, he's getting the flavor dude, so I already I think I debunked the first part of it. But the second part is the you're saying it's a delivery. Yeah the mouth, yeah I think that's a very clear, retrieval mode. That's that's! Where he's fooling you, why would he go directly from ear to tongue? He grabs his tongue. He wipes the flavor of his of his ear on his tongue. Dude sounds like you have a clear advantage from experience exactly Ian. Do you scratch your balls and smell your hand? Well then! Well then, you're out of your element, you may know Kanye but I, know human nature, balls in the earwax completely different ballgame. It's not the same. It's the same primal urge to smell your your brand as it were I'm not into ear wax or boogers or anything, but some people like that I personally scratch my balls and smell it. No are you proud, I'm, not proud, I'm, just using it to support my thesis I'm, just using the tools at my disposal, my and my knowledge, my experience in this life to support the thesis that I think Kanye's tasting his earwax. Do you ever smell your earwax? Never, yes, I do frequently. Yes, because will this [ __ ] behind my ears is like really weirdly smelly? They clean it a lot as much as one can't possibly, but it's got a super strange funky smell yeah, but I could see Kanye Tate wanting to taste it look if he was eating his earwax, I and I believed it sure I would get on board and probably eat my own earwax and solidarity all right, but I think that this is misleading and false. You think rattori retrieves flicks, that's all there is to it. Do you think it's the flama tour? Yes, I! Think people are what is he retrieving, though, gum gum or a piece of hair? There's no God, that's probably a piece of hair on it: [ __, ], yeah, [, __, ], dude, that where Emma T is just to bro, look at delivery. That's a delivery! Well, you know that's right now. I could see it both ways. Honestly, when, when Ian explains his I can see what are you saying, but then, when you're experiencing five steps in so I can see it both ways: I'm right, it's a very. This is a guy who has been in the public for decades now. This is the first footage, if he's aching, to dig he's training using a secondary footage, he's trained at the skies get this footage isn't supposed to exist as candid footage of the man in a vulnerable moment. We have hundreds of hours of footage. Maybe it's time to start looking back at it, you can try dan. What are you fighting in here was that Dan exact weigh in on my eye. I got to agree that I think we need more evidence and I invite everybody in he listens to this podcast to scour through all of the Kanye footage and send us some follow-ups here, because I would love I. Would love for Ethan to be proven right. Anything wait. Why yeah, because just to get to you basically so bad look, I, gotta, sorry go ahead, no jump, yeah, yeah, I, good I think he is I, think he ate his earwax totally I. Think so. I think he's that type of person, yeah I mean the guy's building [ __ ] domes. Of course he would eat ado, yeah and and the proximity it doesn't make sense like okay, if you're snagging some have you ever met anyone that is into tasting, never I've never heard of it. That's a weird one, but let me explain something to you in. If you know you have something in your mouth, you're gonna take that out before you touch your ear. That's true! He went to the ear to the tongue directly, otherwise he would have gone from the ear white wiped and then removed, but the fact that he went ear mouth he could have gone mouth wipe ear. Could it be? He was storing something in his ear. Yet wax may be a drug of some type. What in our stretchin come on now? That's defamatory! Now that's the person that thinks he was eating. His own earwax see what everyone send me. Your footage of Kanye doing this again along with photos of him where, because it's not gonna understand you sound so confident link. Do you but have some kind of secret footage. Let's move on I think we've we've killed that secret access, yeah, no well Ian does have a perch from which he watches Kanye's house with binoculars. I wouldn't be surprised in the least, but if he, if he did do that Ian, you have anything that I can't confirm. Okay, well looking forward to possibly dubbing much deeper into that, we have a new scooter meme on deck. This is, we should give an update about the Gatsby, don't you think absolutely or the Gatsby was supposed to arrive yesterday and they tried to deliver it on a huge semi-truck. It didn't fit in our buildings parking lot and they and then they're like oh, we couldn't deliver. You have to come pick it up. I'm, like [, __, ] I'm, ordering a mobility scooter. What makes you think that I can come pick up my mobility scooter. Did you think exactly like ironic, that is who's gonna drive my ass over there. You know so apparently we're supposed to get it next week right down on Tuesday, which is that's, that's the plan for now. Just such a shame yeah, it really is. We had some Google well war for today, where we were pumped, we were ready, yeah, it's fine! Well, we'll we'll have them on Tuesday, but here's something to keep us lubed up until then, I got a new scooter me, which is a pleasure I feel like we scooted we exhaust excuted. We exhausted all the scooter memes so enjoy it cleared it I'm overjoyed to have in the fresh one here. It is your viewing pleasure, great quality later and a woman going down not sure why or how. Yet she attempted to confound an escalator on a mobility scooter and predictably boy. Well, she did go down. That's true. Does she just get up like a limo afterwards, because that's part of the oh jesus walks it off beeps the record is cool all right. Lady I, don't know what the [ __ ] you're expecting I mean clearly she's. Never done that! Oh my god. That's just a physical impossibility, I'm, not sure what would possess someone to think that would be possible. It's just something about once you sit in that's good or, like the logic of the word, changes mmm, you know, right physics is not the same anymore right, yeah, that's true! I, don't know scooter people even make it a date like I'm surprised they aren't going all just parish. Should the moment take it on the scooter. So there you go blasting on ahead. The dog abuser that we spoke about. Remember the girl who spit on her dog. Well, the police looked into her and they will not be filing charges by the way. I could have chucked lettuce, Philly D, thumbnail, cuz I'm in it I'm like what the [ __ ] that I do. I love, one feel ID clicks bait me. It makes me feel like um. It makes me feel good like that that I can pull in views story. Cuz I said I wanted it to it. Does your dog? Yes, that's a very yeah to be fair. I'll! Do that on the podcast I'd be like I'll, be like what's our favorite clickbait I'll be like uh Bella Oh -? Did you hear that Bella Delfina [Music] farted on her hand and smelled it well that'd be a big story, but anyway, oh yeah, yeah yeah and anyway we got item no, and you briefly mentioned her and you put her face in the thumbnail. You get. You know yeah, but um shout-out to Philly D. Okay, so they said, there's no abuse. So let me let me read some some updates for you. How do you check they? Looked at the video la LAPD officials opened an investigation but I've since decided that there's not enough evidence support charges against her. The video showed we know what the video showed. We saw the apology after the footage went viral LAPD officials said their animal cruelty. Task force was investigating, but now, according to reports from BuzzFeed news, the most credible source of news on the Internet police have decided not to press charges. Animal task force looked into the matter. Obviously they saw the video the public had seen. They determined it didn't rise to the level of animal cruelty. Tmz also cited the LAPD source, who said there wasn't enough evidence of support criminal charges. House was allowed to keep custody of the dog throughout the investigation, but LAPD of fish said they would reopen her case if new evidence was ever presented. Here's some reactions by the way, pretty pretty vicious mm, whether it's just foot or not. Let's, let's discuss but Brooke the police department forgave, you but remember the internet never forgets in every generation that is access to the Internet. We'll know who you are dog abuser. So tag Brooke House isn't being charged with animal beus, but let's never forget that she hits and spits on her dog. That's how she'll always be remembered in known [, __ ], the LAPD [ __ ] Brooke house and [ __ ]. Anyone, the defense, her smacking, spitting on and pinning your dog on the ground while you yell in its face is not being a dog parent. I teaching your dog do not exhibit bad behavior, go to a [, __ ] dog training class. Well, that one's not that bad, actually workouts will not be criminally charged for animal abuse. What a travesty! What she did was absolute trash. She deserves to lose her dog and be behind bars. Burke House will not be punished for abusing her dog video proof she spit on the dog yelled. The dog hits the dog and pushes the dog. This is clear. Eventually she gets away what the actual [ __ ] in this country. The system is a failure. So I mean. Do you guys? Let me do a little fitty. Let me throw it back onto you guys. What do you guys think there's this rice I'm actually asking you guys in the office? Not our audience like I'm, not I could give a [ __ ]. With all this thing. Yeah I mean I, don't and I don't know the law. Well enough to know this is not an interactive show. We talk and you guys listen right, I guess I'm, just saying cuz, all the time at Philly dudes like he doesn't give an opinion and then he goes. But what do you guys think? But he doesn't read the comments. There's no way variability reads: every single comment: not that I'm shocked I, don't I'm not trying I'm not going to trash Billy, but I'm, not gonna sit here in st. and I. Pretend is interactive yeah! Some point, Twitter fall exactly. We do. Twitter polls me by the way we're buying the Gatsby that was Brandon's wishes. Yeah I, don't know to far I. All feel is being apology meant to do. Laurie gods, TGIF, Fridays, I, really, everybody's apologize, I will read all of your comments. Tell me what you think. Actually, that's right in Philly accuses two I replied to something they said with the sup video and he said we're bullying. My point is: is that if you leave a comment, there's probably I care? What you think leave a comment telling you were asking for our opinions dog. Should she be in jail? Should she have her dog removed? I mean it's it's a tricky thing. The thing is is that if, if they took her I, don't think she should be in jail for it and if they took her dog away the dogs going to the pound and probably getting euthanized, you know what I mean like I guess, because it was such a public thing, it's more likely that somebody would adopt the dog but um, but yeah I mean that statement that it doesn't rise to animal abuse. I mean like what do you got to do? - he's an animal Wow like punching it in the face is pretty it's a tough I agree with you that it's a little it's kind of more nuanced, because there's being a dog, a bad dog owners, one thing but like for example, Ricky Gervais, always shares these stories of an abuse like they're huge, shared, a story of smoke burning a cigarette out on a puppies I animal people are so cruel to their animals. I can't see. That's nice got a new dog, a little afraid. Oh, we adopted him he's like a 1 year old white Yorkie. He was at the pound. We were so lucky to have swooped up on this cute guy he's been with those 3 days. He is so precious he's so sweet. He was so mistreated. He was so on kept for. He was so underweight this poor guy he's just so sweet and so beautiful on such a soft gentle soul. What is it? People are so cruel to these, like just pure creatures, it's just evil. Imagine putting a cigarette out on a puppy's eye, I mean what emptiness is inside your soul. Man, it's terrifying and it happens a lot there's a lot of evil people who torture animals so unbelievable to me so yeah, that's a whole other level to what we saw with her. Definitely it's a whole different level and, as Dan pointed out, I mean I. Really doubt this dog would be better it's hard to say what would happen. You know, as dog owners I can't imagine treating our dog the way she did so I. Don't know it's very weird to me to be like that, but at the same time like it, like, you said, it's not like extreme abuse, but it's not good behavior. You know and I think and I'm really hoping that as a result of this she's coming I have very healthy wake-up call that she needs to get some help yeah with her anger problems, because that girl is not not healthy. Of the of the mind didn't spirit to be lashing out at a dog like that, mm-hmm I mean dogs are pure of heart and soul like up like a newborn child. You can't, if she'll I, shot her dog like that she lash out a child. Like that and I think, and not that there should never be a time that you should, inter dog but I, think it's telling to the dog really wasn't doing anything like it was just being a little rambunctious. Oh no, the dogs I mean like a dog was fighting or like do anything crazy. The dog was exhibiting behavior that she was conveying to it that she wanted right, yeah they were playing and the dog, but so the dog was enormous. It it. It dwarfs her, so the dog actually never even took her acts of aggression as anything, but her playing -, which was kind of probably that frustrates her luck. I think I think in like a way that made her more irritable in a bad way. Mmm that, like the dog, doesn't even take her on its own master seriously and she doesn't know I had that she's not equipped to handle a dog like that. It's got a huge super high energy dog in a tiny apartment. That's why I propose to adopt the dog, but if it were to go, be taken from like animals, services I'm, not sure, that's, a better alternative, I know I will give the dog a happy home, but if it went to the pound, that's just a trauma that you don't want to animal to experience. Definitely a big responsibility, especially if you're gonna take a big dog dude day little dog require a lot yeah like two hours of exercise every day or they'll get super destructive and real and restless. Well, at any rate, she got off the hook. I do think she must have learned something from this, so this must have been a good lesson to her. She needs to get in therapy quick and she needs to yeah. I would say this is a big wake-up call, I wonder if she's making videos so there's no way right. Let's check like how, like we were saying, how does Jared come back? How does she come back cuz? This is video evidence. People are debating Jared. Did this chair did that this girl spit on a [, __ ] dog on camera. Dude looks like that: uh, no I, don't think she's uploaded, since that video doesn't look like how great is that that's all her and her best friend dog videos, I, don't know it's a tough one. Man I love the irony of that thumbnail. With help me I'm with a dog yeah yeah, it's really tough, it's a Doberman dude. Did you really have to get a Doberman like now here? Look at this guy. This is a tiny little Yorkie. This guy is so freakin hard to handle and I know he looks sweet and cute, but he's such high energy. He is so rampant. Hi I mean dude this guy. If we don't play with him like an hour a day at least he'll just go mental. Even then we take him to the dog park and you'll be tired for an hour after and then like he's recharged he's ready again, if we're just trying to sit and watch TV, he'll stand and just bark at us and cry, and it's like oh I, have to you know anyway, I'm not sure how I feel about this. You guys tell me in the comments I wish, Philly D, which would tell me what he thinks about it am I out of line. Should I apologize to Philly. Do four going I do ish I did issue an apology. I saw Twitter, he started calling his fans dumb, [, __, ] I, swear to god, he's not doing beautiful bastard day he's just calling his fans what's up down the [ __ ] she's, always threatening to punch them. That's the context. She said. What's up you dumb, [ __ ]? Well, let's take a break when we come back. Do we say enough about the dog thing I mean we didn't really come to a conclusion. There isn't a conclusion: I mean the authorities made their conclusion and that's that yeah did they make the right call? They never responded leo by a she. Never responded. I know she read. It was so weird she reached out and she said hey. Do you have time to talk? I said yeah, of course, but she never followed up, which is just so so interesting, I wonder what I wonder, what I think she was panicking and then panicking again about talking to you and then she realized it was all [, __, ] and I just disappeared, I wonder if she lawyered up and she realized that I would criminal stuff if I was Scott Spit yeah I mean I cuz. If she did her lawyer probably said, stop talking to everybody. Actually man, yeah I, did they make the right call well, I'll say this: it's so I, don't think she should be charged. That's I, don't think that I think, probably they it's a tough call. It's a tough call cuz it's in, but I'm, not out I, just not out what you did is not like the extreme yeah level. So it's hard to determine one way. I think what they look at is like. Is she inflicting like permanent damage on this dog physically, like is this dog's eye burned with a cigarette? Is it cut up? Is it shot with BB guns? Is it scared of the owner like, for example, when you look at it? Abuse dogs, yeah, they'll, they'll, uh, move away from the owner at times or if you do like this they'll yeah they're, all scared, and so that so you know they have metrics and they probably gotta weigh their options. I guess they prefer to live in with her than take which it applies, which is really nice that they're thoughtful enough to think about things. From a actual you know human standpoint and not just being like alright dogs gone. You know, yeah I'd, like to think that they are more thoughtful than that. Not tonight. That's it! That's all there is: we've got jeremy renner app. This is just such a bizarre story. This actor Jeremy Renner made an app for his fans and it's just him. It's like Instagram, but he's the only one on it and it's all like you can like pay money to get acknowledged by him, and then it got hijacked by all these trolls and he had to shut it down outrageous YouTube crackdown on kids content. That's - YouTube is changing forever. After this one and so much more, you do not want to miss this goof and gas-filled episode. Let's go to that break and we'll be right back privacy dot-com is this beautiful service that allows you to generate credit-card numbers so that you can make purchases online that are connected directly to your bank account, because let me list all the reasons why that's a good idea: how about credit card theft, how about identity theft? How about every time I go and buy a first suit, or something crazy from China I'm worried that they're gonna steal my ID my credit card and use it for online sex, but at any rate, let's avoid suspicion and doubt all together, because privacy calm is that easy, secure way of keeping tabs on your credit cards, never get charged again for reoccurring, stuff, keep track on all your funds. This is you giving you full control and full privacy. It's in the name, folks, here's how it works. You sign up privacy, calm, /, h3! You get five dollars for free from using our code and you make virtual cards here. A Theodore's card, for example, you gets $100 a year, that's generous Theodore's, don't complain, see, look for example, mom, obviously no limits, whoa, whoa whoa, no limit hold the thong. Alright I got it I got it work and look how easy it is to make a new card this one's for shredder and he obviously is gonna get a No. Limit I mean No Limit for shredder, 100, okay, fine great card now, shredder, it's a credit card number and expiration data security code. It's all happening for shredder. Now, let's hop on over to Amazon, and here we are we're buying some dog food buying. Some dog treats we're gonna click. This button here select whatever one. You want: shredder, Theodore and ela this one's on shredder use card and boom. There you go you're buying stuff online safely, securely, no threat, no reoccurring over his charges; no b.s! That's the power of privacy! Take it back! Bae BAE! If you go to privacy, calm, slash h3 as a special treat for our viewers. New customers will automatically get five dollars to spend on your first purchase for a limited time. Only that's free freakin money. At privacy, calm, /h three, it's free money! You guys seen that free real estate, name of Tim and Eric's and free money forget real estate. Privacy, calm, /h three you got five dollars do get some talk about something man on us on the house, teddy fresh fall collection is here and who better to model it than the fine and beautiful ela Quine. The designer and creator herself of teddy fresh Wow. Look at her rocking that dog like an accessory shredder, is wearing the color black hoodie dog edition ela and a newly cropped female top never-before-seen female top. She got a brand-new purple, wear new hair, teddy fresh, looking slick, beautiful outrageous and courageous ela. Thank you! So much up next we've got Dan on deck, rolling and wow. That's an egg heads are better than one just. Do the math folks, it's simple Dan! Looking good! Should, let's see the belt ken, oh, my goodness, a teddy fresh belt is finally here, keep those pants up and look good doing it. What's that hat and black we're new here, Teddy fresh, established, 2018, wait, there's more there's something underneath that sweater. Is there not? What now that's a reveal, this striped logo tee with the bear patch classic beautiful luscious as good as it gets, and could it look better on Dan Noah? Couldn't thank you Dan, we're so so proud of him up next we've got always Paul he's dark, he's sultry. It's Zack, this sound guy who's, celebrating his one-year anniversary with us I can hardly believe it dark. Till's the look today, PF logo, let's see the sleeve. Oh, what's that saying, teddy fresh he's got the pants he's got the sleeve. He got the purple hat, it's all happening, but wait. What's this the hoodie and the same color hold on like Superman, he disappears only to re-emerge and his superhero outfit. He is back in the TF classic hoodie, with the embroidery with the candy cane freakin doodles, on the what he's called ela drawcord and looking good. How do you feel Zack fresh? He says. Thank you, Zach! Congratulations! On one year we love you. Next up, we have, you know, he's fashionable. You know, he's hip, you know, he's always got his ear to the grindstone. It's in the end time too, cool for school wearing white, like his soul, is pure. His outfit is pure look at the look. It's beautiful. It's bold! It's outrageous! Looking fresh and clean, never quitting in the intern, but hold on he's got to go fight. Some crime, like Superman hops, into a phonebook real, fast, Dean Dean and thanks miss never quits, like mr. clean he's coming in fresh to clean your grimy kitchen, clean Ian, then turn folks. Looking good. Looking great, oh, but wait, the look continues. Oh look, who's back, II look climb and the patchwork hoody. This is a look that I am so proud of I'm in so press back. This is a technical masterpiece. It's one of my favorite pieces. You've ever made got the patchwork hoody, and what colors that this is sunrise. She's got the shorts looking good. Let me see that ass girl, but pretty good in those shorts. Give me a twirl. Would you and what's up girl, damn and shredder? Of course, I mean come on. Shredder is what he's so cute ridiculous, get out of here, yellow and finally. Finally, finally, dan is back a wardrobe change. He's got the block. The teddy fresh circle, shirt, looking good, looking fan-fucking-tastic and yes, I am dropping f-bombs, because I'm so enthused by this great look and these fantastic models. Dan. Thank you for working it and, finally, you know how you got to end it off. What up Twitter world finds a fresh muse. Ethan klein is that's how you wear clothing I mean that's amuse. You got a tuck, you gotta be extra thick to tuck, you gotta, wear extra-large, you gotta be extra large extra in charge and everything is gonna. Look great on you! That's how we do it. We don't mess around with regular models. Who cares about those? This is the real future, guys body-positive extra calorie, positive, coloring, positive, the real teddy bear behind 30 fresh, that's the future of modeling Tyra Banks would be all about it, you're really working anything. Now, that's create everything you gotta go on top model. That's it thanks for watching and we hope you like our new collection and showing it. How long were we on a card I feel like? If that happens again, you should just you one of you guys should host mm-hmm. That's true. The card is weird: people are like I'm out, [ __ ], this card was there a card. There was a card, the hell five seconds of it five seconds. - we lost like half our viewers. What happens when you have a break? That's too long, you you assumed. Oh, you got so much time with my MB. It up hope you guys enjoyed the fashion, show even shredder made an appearance. Anyways welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast extravaganza experience, the transcendental experience, the one and only jeremy renner. This is the guy that plays Hawkeye and the Avengers, which we can all agree is the shittiest member of the Avengers, like nobody, even [ __ ] cares about. Hawkeye am I wrong, like I. Don't even know why Hawkeye is there. You know that really just has a [ __ ] bow dude, that's so wack you're fighting next to Thor and Hulk, and all you have is a [ __ ] bow. He doesn't have superpowers. Does he I mean he shoots the boat bro? He wears a [, __ ] tunic, it's so stupid. He wears it to net dude in the last one. He used a sword too. So he's got a sword annabelle like I love. How like uh, you know like the invasion of all these crazy flying, robot things and homies, taking it on this, like 500 foot, flying robot monster and he's fighting it with a bow and arrow. You guys next to Thor, with a lightning charged war, hammer forged in the centre of a dying heart, a dying stars, heart and you've got to do with the bow and arrow he's by far the shittiest adventurer correct me if I'm wrong, because I feel like I'm. Not in you guys correct me here, I mean I feel like lamb or one just a guess, archives. What? What? What is your thing? Hawkeye Hawkeyes, a fictional superhero appearing and Marvel Comics yadda yadda yadda? Oh, he first appeared as a villain. Well [, __ ] him in the first Avengers, like everyone's, like babies for hours. I want to know that really good eyeballs dude. They didn't even say that though they don't even use his super vision in the movies he's just some dude in a tunic I, don't even I, don't think that's accurate, so he's good with the bow and arrow skills and abilities. Let's see you, Hawkeye has no superhuman powers. He is at the very peak of human conditioning you're next, before human conditioning can't take you that far bro. He is at the very peak of human addition. He's an exceptional fencer Wow he's good with a rapier uh he's an acrobat and marksman having trained from childhood in the circus dude this guy sucks he sucks so anyway. Yeah that confirms my suspicions, and so but apparently this guy has a fan club. Okay, he made an app for himself called the jeremy renner app, it's literally just a social media platform just for him and his fans there's like Instagram, but he's the only person on it truly the most bizarre thing ever and of all the people. It's this guy right, that's the thing! That's specifically weird about it like it's, not Thor or Superman, or you know the rock people like the rock it's Hawkeye, who has no super national powers? Okay, so, let's get into this the home feet is just Jeremy's posts. It was hijacked by trolls. Casey Anthony, for example, is a frequent troll. Who currently has the top had the top post before it was. He would decided to delete the app Casey Anthony's, a mom who killed her daughter, Oh and they keep post logically alleged I, don't know yeah allegedly, and they keep posting pictures of her and their daughter saying, like hey I'm, a huge fan. Dad has a small problem with people who created profiles through fake Jeremy, Renner Facebook accounts, so they look like Jeremy people started impersonating him. You can spend a hundred dollars on the Jeremy Renner stars that you can boost your post and possibly have it seen by Jeremy and also it was just posting his own pictures. Yes, and he was making money from this. He there's somebody who boosted their post on 999 times, what all right. That's a hundred thousand dollars no thousand times 100. No I think I think one boost is a dollar, so I think it's 999 dollars so a lot. Well, it says that, oh, you can I see you can spend up to $100 yeah. You can buy like it's it's. Basically, it's like micro transact. You know it's Xbox. So if your post isn't good enough, if you make a [ __ ] post and you want it to be on the front anyway, you can just pay to have it there, like so many trolls. Well right. That was one reason. Another reason was that they just used Facebook integration to create profiles, so people just started making fake profile accounts and linking it and then it would draw the name and profile picture and the big one is that they didn't blacklist Jeremy Renner as a name. So just a million fake, Jeremy Renner's started appearing sorry, everyone's called Jeremy, because I feel, like there's, probably a limitation on the Facebook API, where you either get it or right. You know what I mean yeah they couldn't filter, yeah I mean I, don't know, though, there's probably a way. So here's some screenshots, here's the app logo, you look Jeremy Renner I mean how did what so we're gonna dude makes this yeah I I was thinking. Maybe he made it and like as a joke but you're it's a 100 percent, honest which you'll feel see there's more what the [ __ ] is this. Why is there a forehead in this one? You guys hold this someone's phone, that somebody's looks like I shop on their phones. Here's the landing page. This is the loading screen. Well, this is the loading screen. What who does who? How could you actually make something like this? For yourself, here's one of his posts happy Ren's day he said they'll come Jae Ren's by the way. Here's a comment by Jeffrey, Epstein, hey Jeremy, I just got out from cage, and they have put me why you might much other get hey. Jeremy I have just got out from the cage that they have put me on. We should collab later you could suck my dick and I could suck yours. It's not even a good troll. It's just stupid. Look at this number. One fan number two friend yeah: these are people who bought stars yeah. You see this so that amount of stars how much money they really yeah yeah Wow wait. Does this mean that there's no weird does this mean there's 841 dollar spin on this post looks like it what oh dude this guy's just raking it in from this. What a weird way to make money as a Hollywood star I mean you're already hawk I, don't like dude you're already making mine from in the shittiest adventure. Don't push a dude, you know jeremy renner net worth just edit. Curiously 50 milli, the students point him like a couple thousand and the yeah and the thing is he's not even I mean he's known for the avengers, obviously, but he's a big actor aside from that and he was nominated for an Oscar a few years ago. You know like he doesn't need this extra cash. This picture, maybe so this is Casey Anthony Gila, it's honestly really! No, but this was the top post said. It says: Camp Casey cot candid photo time: hey, jeremy, renner I'm your biggest fan. So was my kid hope. You didn't [ __, ] awful, then Epstein's back, hey, Jeremy I just got out from oh. This is the same one happy wrens date to you: Sharon love, Jeff, free from my private island, come on wishes, Jeffrey Epstein, a happy Wednesday. You know what's crazy about this, too, is with all these people spending money on the Stars. All of these posts, heat cross posted to Instagram, like you, can get all this content for free, yeah, there's, probably some exclusives, no I I saw make a video for the app that I'll watch later. But you know look at this. This is the connect with two times no I mean Ward nominee, Jeremy I'm, just reading this article with the app developer friendly. This company works with many influencers and a lot of a lot of celebrities. Have this know I can't believe he said out of the five hundred and full answers that we've worked, that we're working with we've never had a case of any apps being hurt like this. This is a freak situation, not anymore baby. A my concern about this, not more than I'm concerned about 50 other things. I'm dealing with no the the app developer dude. You got an issue here here by the way, so so on this post, the Casey Anthony one ela. He comments. He goes to everyone criticizing my app because Casey Anthony has created an account and is posting on the fan. Page spare me your tears. This is an all inclusive app. If you don't like it, you heard free to leave. That was a big Jeremy Renner all-inclusive, so fight here, Josh Brolin number, one friend, very handsome. Perhaps you can [ __ ] me handsome, but it's like just a total [ __ ] show italian jeremy renner. What [ __ ] posting pictures of pasta, Mamma Mia, make it Avengers and then I eat. It is rigatoni, that's crazy! That people spend money on this fake. One I shouldn't exist man. This should not exist. Here's a picture of Wario versus uh waluigi Wario has no nipples in the new Olympic game. I, wonder what jeremy renner would think about this and he commented very cool. So, as you can see it was, it was quite out of control and, and sadly, I've got so much good. Troll footage in it sadly Eva. This is goodbye wow. This one had 30 thousand stars dude the final goodbyes I love them. There's like a photo shopped for the goodbye he said stylized because he says the app has jumped the shark literally. Do too clever individuals. It's not that not ever yeah, yes, not what that's literally the worst, the wrong use of the word. Literally, how can I even jump the shark Jeremy literally? It's not! It doesn't have a physical body dude, but but due to clever individuals that were able to manipulate ways to impersonate me and others within the app I have asked escape escape ex that's the company, the company that runs this app to shut it down immediately and refund. Anyone who has purchased any stars over the last 90 days. Oh wow, that's when the trolling started. What was supposed to be a place for fans to connect with each other has turned into a place that everything I detest and can't and won't condone my sincere apologies brothers to have not turned out the way it was intended to all the super fans who have supported me with your words and encouragement. Amazing. Our stories and times shared a genuine thank you and I hope to see one Instagram, Twitter, YouTube and Facebook signed jr.. Don't you feel like this font is not fitting for this okay, there look so Corinne. He signed it like his junior or Tolkien or something you know. I mean here's the kind of post he would do. Keep rockin four thousand stars [Music] mood like what's bro. Here's another one whoa want to train. Are you? What do you want to [ __ ] me he's holding up in the woods, but he's not grace is dressed for, like he's going to middle school, first day of middle school yeah, it's wearing like a open, flannel. Here's my posted a octopus being pulled on a leash, maybe in bella thorns a clip from her video belle dolphin yeah. What did I say these people? If you look at, then they started posting anti-troll content. If you are a troll move on find the underside of a bridge and some billy goats, too scared dad get off this app and then somebody posted a picture of the twin towers and enduring freedom from Tony dick-sucker this. This is too ripe to be trolled like I, don't know bad in the slightest bit man, not even the slightest bit when I see a troll on jeremy renner, app, no troll zone keep moving. Look at this standing shower [, __, ] I see a lot dude, there's nothing yeah I, don't think it's kids I'll tell you that I really don't and then. Finally, there was a video. So this is the kind of explicit. This is the kind of exclusive content you can expect from the jeremy renner a nap, hey, guys, jeremy renner. Here I want to thank all you superfans on this fantastic together fan, sad brother. You know how I get no, he doesn't give a [ __ ] about them. He's shooting a vertical video like could you put last working? Larry's is just on their way to doing something else. Exactly he's like next to a [, __ ] power generators- hey guys fantastic, you guys are really fantastic. [Music] Chad coming out and this ad you'll get to see that it was pretty exciting. Much love, that's a! She should do wrong. That was epic download going fanclub. Now how a pic of an exclusive message was that so they have it poor, unfortunately, to all the fans of jeremy renner, the app has been shut down permanently because of those goddamn internet trolls feel bad for all. The J Ren heads out there, Jaron, Casey and top post of all time come the Jeremy Renner app. This is a bizarre story. Not I feel like the trolling was less bizarre than the existence of that yeah. You know. That's shock the hell out of me other big news coming out of YouTube lots of big news coming into YouTube lately, but this one is probably the big one of the biggest ones I've seen YouTube was fined by the FTC one hundred and seventy million dollars for violating children's privacy collecting data from them without their parents. Permission so apparently there's a law to protect children from being advertised to mm-hm because they say rightfully so that kids cannot distinguish the difference between an advert and content. They don't know when they're being marketed to and therefore it's inappropriate to market, to kids and to collect data and to use them kind of to as a selling point, because I know that on YouTube, for example, the kids market is the most valuable market like on a good on a like the best month, I'll get like $3 CPM. That's like my best month ever kids content, I'm talking 10. Do you want to explain CPM for yeah? So that's that's. How many dollars you get per thousand views essentially on your channel and it's based on auctioning. It's based on demand so because so many people are betting on views for kids content, apparently because it's so valuable. What you just link me down! It's it's not relevant to the YouTube thing, but I'm kind of blown away. What what I just found? Oh, he is an app for the sake of an app holy [. __ ] I feel like is isn't so masturbatory, though here's that here's, the hey guys what's up I'm in New Hampshire and my wanted to say that last time I was here, I didn't sell this place out, and now this year, I'm here and I did sell it out and I wanted to. Thank you for always listening and watching and now coming to the shows. It just means a lot to me. So I just want to say, thanks to all you guys, I know my guys who have my hat and [ __ ] like that New York I, don't want you to know yeah we're looking up this company. Also their name is escape ex. Don't you figure they're trying to sound like SpaceX, okay hold on I can see a list of all these [ __ ] yeah bro. What is with these I gotta make one of these and just totally make it like outrageous, no I'm not doing that. That's such a waste of time, yeah, here's I put a link to their website and we don't at people, but I guess that's probably the same. But it's not see this. Just a random fox, like I, want to see sorted by popular like I, don't know any of these yeah I was on that YouTube, video for for Jay, wrens and just clicked on there. Their video tab in the way immediately saw Chris D'elia there. Oh here we go dude Chris. What I just don't understand then like you, they ask you to be like humorless for some reason to like be genuine. This is a place to genuinely connect with fans, so many people have it, but worse, famous I want to see like what famous people are on this. A lot of things are famous and I. Don't know some people do you know who am are? Zoning is ela what about Rhea Riki's? What about the back that kid backpack is on here yeah. Second row top left: oh my [, __, ], god get the back pocket download. That of me. This was dicey. Chloe's that Chloe Kardashian I saw Chloe, yeah I, don't know that's what it means we're up at the top. Let's go all the way up. Second, row middle: oh she's, the worst Kardashian by far who the hell would follow her, oh yeah in saying: that's, not that's, not the Kardashian. Okay he's the authority. I mean their their time is worth so much money I. If they were gonna, do this, they do it themselves. You know they turn into some kind of crazy business. Yeah I, don't know! This is a weird thing. I can't believe so many people, I gotta, find out from having their own I gotta I, get it next time. Chris is on here's Chris D'elia make a note. I really gotta talk to him about this yeah. We got to find out more about this [ __ ], hey guys, I just want to say thank you so so much for connecting and believing in me. I know this is vertical. They asked me to do vertically cuz. It feels more candid and real. Well, maybe it's vertical because you see it on your phone, so that kind of makes sense it's more vertical and real bitter. You know what I mean. That's true! It's working on your phone! No, is this grant that makes absolute sense. I, don't know anything [ __ ] people are somehow is just Chris huh, it's just Chris D'elia, there's. Definitely an odd stand out from everybody else. On yeah I got Tommy Chong on there. Yeah I saw that too a man hey guys I just want me to say my accents all over the place. Thank you guys for yeah Chris D'elia. What the [ __ ] dude we gotta talk about amber Rose's, pretty famous she's got it she's shameless mm-hmm yeah, but is she for what? What has she done? I, don't know she could say the same thing about you. I'm on a podcast I have a podcast. So that's something I've done. I literally, don't know one thing: she's done a model and actress. Okay, tell me more. What have you been in? She dated Kanye West for two years. Exactly that's not a thing. Dude! What's happened the moment you [ __ ], Kanye West. We become famous like this girl, [ __ ] her two years ago and she's living off residual thing and you seem I'm saying like I gotta suck that guy's dick. Oh, she oh she's, married to Wiz Khalifa. She was on the Eric. Andre show I. Remember that episode yeah! Oh, she dated 21 savage -. What did you do this girl, just [ __ ] black rappers she's? That's her specialty. She has a type yeah rich black dudes is her type, sorry and she's out of your league Ian. What would you think if you had a chance to have sex with a girl who slept with Kanye? Would you consider that a benefit [Music] [Laughter], genuinely curious? We did start talking about I, know I kind of have to start over and okay such a tangent yeah I apologize for us. No! No, it was a good I'm. Just glad I saw that so, where was I I was talking about. There's a law that you can't market to kids and YouTube. I guess has been violating that law because they allow targeting ads on kids content. Take, for example, the most popular kids channel, one of the most popular channels on YouTube itself, Ryan's toy review. Now this channel is made look at it, obviously for kids. So when advertisers are served ads on this and YouTube is giving you data and info they're, saying hey, that's a violation of this child protection and advertisement law, so YouTube has been fined. 170 million bucks and now they're also being forced to make enormous changes to the platform. For example, in the next four months, pretty much all YouTube kids content is gonna, be largely demonetised, deep, monetize dude, that's in Sain that is so much money. That's gonna evaporate off the plat means they're. Just not gonna make videos. Why would they people who make kids yeah? There's there's literally no reason other than for love of the game, but maybe that's not even enough because, for example, they say in four months we will treat data from anyone watching kids content on YouTube as coming from a child regardless of the age of the user. This means that we will limit data collection and use on videos made for kids only to what is needed to support the operation of the service. We will stop serving personalized ads on this content. Also, some features will no longer be available. Like comments and notifications, not craters will be required to tell us when their content falls into. This category will also use machine learning to find those that are clearly targeting young audience. We have these. We, for example, like the ads that run before a video yeah. That's what they're talking about so like a like a toy company. Yes he's targeting, specifically that, because they know kids are watching right and so they're not allowed to do that. Basically, you can no longer specifically buy ads on kids content on YouTube huh and the reason the CPM was so high is because there's so much competition, because it's such a valuable market that that when people so many bid on it goes up to ten dollars where maybe ours is like one, two or three depending on the year mm-hmm. So it's very interesting I didn't know that that was a lot, but it makes sense the more you think about it. It does make sense and I think it was intended more for, like I, don't know, I guess the internet, maybe I don't know, but I think YouTube was certainly just kind of hoping. No one would go there, you know I, just wonder: where does it start and does it end like? How do you define exactly what's its in that criteria? It's an age there's like they say another like 8, it's 13 actually up to 1313 like what about Jake Paul's videos with by the merch. You know, so anything got kids watching I, don't think they say well here they they specifically say. Creators will be required to tell us when their content falls into. This category will also use machine learning, fun, bibs that clearly target young audience, for example those that have an emphasis on kids, characters, themes, toys or games. Okay, so they will probably categorize his as teen teenager okay, but they certainly wouldn't have kids adverts on it and I think that's the big issue right so that that's the law that they got fined on, wasn't specifically that they were advertising to kids. It was that they were collecting data right. They were there well, the data they were collecting was was to use for advertising was, was basically yeah. It's connected because advertisers came on the platform and they said I want to serve ads to kids and I thought. Well. How did they get that through the data? Exactly so it's that has made all this now impossible and so by disabling interest-based ads people can no longer target them and I don't know who's who checks, not interest based as because you don't know where it's gonna end up like who doesn't target their ads at all. If you want to say male/female age bracket, geographical location, I, don't think, there's gonna be much money there. It's just gonna, be a really weird cheap, [, __ ], interesting yeah dude, it's super weird! So there's no incentive financial incentive and their views are gonna, be hamstrung. Now -, because notifications and comments are being disabled on all this content. It's a huge huge change, yeah I, wonder if it will affect I've, been trying to tell you - for so long I make content for adults 18. The 35 male is our primary demographic. Well, yeah! It's like 75, 25, yeah and I always say YouTube, that's the most valuable, a cross-section in traditional media. Why? The [ __ ], don't you guys care about us? It's cuz they're, all the money was in kids and they were breaking the [ __ ] law -. Oh yeah I wanted to show you guys this bro. You want to see some crazy [ __ ] 1.8 billion. Yes, that's a B 1.8 billion. You want to see what this dumb [ __ ] video. Is it's not even interesting or unique, or huge egg. Surprise, 1.8 billion or they're gonna claim us yeah we're gonna need to because they're just for this app, the audios ass I, don't know how I don't this sounds so weird. How did they put their kid up to doing all this code? I gave it to this day. This is doing all this yeah. They buy them all. The crazy [ __ ] yeah. This is gonna end up like the question is how he's gonna feel about it. When he's older right, you're, not actor he's a child actor I mean actually so sexually I give him about he's. Probably let me just put it this way. If Michael Jackson was around he'd be friends with this kid, you may feel some negativity towards it, but assuming his parents are following the law, when he turns 18 he's gonna have Millions what a lot all that damn cuz. This is a child actor exactly this is YouTube. Does it apply? There's a bunch of kids who, like their parents, ran off with their fortune, which is oh, it used to happen, Hollywood a lot and so write down and they're required to pay money in a trust. I feel like my parents would do that. To me it's called the Coogan law, oh yeah, how come you're so knowledgeable about the Coogan studying entry along the keggle laws? My parents would totally do that to me. They'd be like it's for your college fund and then I turn 18 I'm, like they're, like yeah. We paid for college I'm like what about like the 30 million ounce to be like we paid for your calls. You can be happy anyway. This has almost one point. Nine sorry, please I issue a correction, one point nine billion to be flabbergasted by that, but so channels like this now, this is where it gets really interesting. For me, too, is that wait, I think I so channels like this one, the FTC is saying they're going to be targeting as well, because they estimated a media group estimated that 90% of all of their videos are sponsored with well here this guy exactly right, this guy led explain who sponsored videos that often have the look and feel of organic content. According to truth, in advertising, nearly 90% of the ryan toysreview videos have included at least one paid product recommendation aimed at preschooler a group that they say is too young to distinguish between a commercial and a review, and that distinguish argument is one of the key things here. As explained in a New York Times article on the Josh Colin who's, the executive director of the campaign for a commercial-free childhood support. Lee said many children do not recognize advertising until they are eight or nine years old. Some videos on YouTube channels, like ryan toysreview, have noted sponsored content and small type. That appears briefly, he said or through a voiceover. Thank you to the retailer or manufacturer that provided products. A gallon goes on to argue. A five-year-old, isn't going to understand that Ryan's talking about the toys because target is paying him to talk about the toy. Is there may be some disclosure, but disclosure isn't meaningful to a child that young now, as far as the other side of this Ryan's father released a statement so they're going after the individual channels now to which is pretty crazy, yeah but I, but it does kind of raise an interesting point. I mean 90% of his videos are sponsored mm-hmm and they're. They fit organically into the video. It's not like, like on our Park. When we have sponsors we go. Thank you to honey or whatever did it at it up there clearly a sponsor, but here it's all what they would call like integrated ads, where it's like I'm playing with this play-doh brand, who paid me on. If you put a little link a little title at the top of the video, a kid wouldn't really understand what that works. For someone like me, who wants yeah close, that I have a copy read and a sponsor, but yeah. It's very true, I mean at this level the level that their channel is. These guys get like 300 million views. These guys are like a multi dude. These guys probably make at least 50 million dollars a year. This is like a huge machine list of the top yeah earning channels. Right. Are they number one number one? They were exactly they made. So at that level you have lawyers, you have people I mean these guys are well familiar with the law. You wanna have something crazy, though I just looked it up the Coogan law, that's actress brought up, doesn't apply to youtubers yeah, exactly I mean the not and not accusing that maybe they're great- and they are you know, setting inside a ton of money for their kid when he grows up but they're not required to they could just spend it. I was I met Brad at YouTube creator students. You seem like a sweet, a normal nice girl, I mean obviously I met. Him prove that or no I'd be surprised if they did that, but again, just the possibility right, there's no protection, it's just leaving it to them being good people, so ryan toysreview channel made 22 million and it was the number one earning channel of 2019 what they made more than 22 million. If it's number one I made like seventy million dollars last year, no no I did I saw this a CBS News article is this just from the revenues that might not be counting their their integrations. I, don't know how they come into the number exactly, but they have like Logan Paul at 14 million PewDiePie at 15 million must just be the Adsense I saw one that was like adjusted for merch and stuff. It says they're, taking into account their video advertising, merchandise, deals and other sources of revenue, so I just thought they would be making more than that. Well, anyway, that's a lot of money. Clearly million yeah yeah well anyway. So this channel is the number one they're number one regardless, and so they certainly are familiar with the law. There's no way you make that much money- and you don't know your industry in and out, and your legal liabilities 0% chance of that. So that'll be interesting to see how that plays out, I'm sure they're hedging, their bets they're like dude, whatever fine we get same for YouTube, they paid a hundred, and you know 70 million bucks dude. They probably made billions, not billions, but hundreds of millions. I saw an article estimate that one hundred nine hundred seventy million dollar fee is less than their revenue. In one day a single day, really, you know way from YouTube, not Google, YouTube, probably Google yeah Google. That makes sense. Youtube is a different, yeah um, but anyway interesting stuff. So I wonder how that's gonna affect us and wonder if that's gonna increase our CPM as the pool decreases, but I don't think toy sores are necessarily gonna want to promote. You know hot wheels on our podcast, but if they can't target they can't target, we can't target kids, it's just general. They could target anyone, but kids, they could target parents, they could target yeah, they could target parents, we got parents I'm, a parent mm-hmm. You want to advertise Hot, Wheels I'm here and it's all legal baby, all legal all day. All the time. If you look in the banner of the Ryan's toy review, YouTube channel, he looks like he's as a Nickelodeon show. Yeah I saw that there's correct baby boy that FTC complaint. So there you have it. What do you think you uh I cannot believe it. This is gonna be another one of those big changes and then people will be like remember the days when, when you can make kids content, when you become a billionaire, some of those family channels are huge. The biggest there's huge I mean Ethan Bradberry for Christ's sake used to be Ricky and the kids though yeah you know the world's ass backward when Tennessee, TV and Ethan Bradberry can make hundreds of thousands of dollars entertaining kids, but there's the truth. Is that there's so many bizarre weird twisted kids content? That's been on there for so long, and this is gonna outright. Stop all that, because these people are only motivated by money money and they said we're establishing a hundred million dollar fund to start dispersed over three years dedicated to the creation of thoughtful original children's content on YouTube. So they want to keep the market but I, guess they gotta just fun to themselves yeah they'll, just kind of turn into their own Nickelodeon, basically mmm, but I wonder how they're gonna make money from that. Maybe they'll have a premium service. You know, but um I think it's probably a good thing and inevitable. Everyone made his money for as much they made as much money as they could before they knew they were gonna, get shut down, and now everybody's over and I'm still here, YouTube's waiting for it a little recognition. I ain't breaking the law. You know, I find it funny. That's like the ultimate hypocrisy of YouTube like if you look at the CEOs of YouTube and Google they're like the most socially conscious social justice warrior people on the planet. Yet when it comes to child's privacy, they're like oh well, we are socially conscious, but when it comes to making money, I'll [ __ ] saw these stupid little [ __ ] any [ __ ] day. That's a billion dollars, [ __ ], you I'll break the law I. Just it's really like that. I! Just wonder! If it's really like that and how well sure they rationalize it, but at the end of the day they their lawyers sure as [ __ ], know, they're they're, gonna, they're breaking the law. You know what I mean I'm sure they in their mind they try to be conscious about it. But they're like hey. This guy wrote a memo that the people were offended by so we're gonna fire him and make a bit whole big bub about promoting. You know LGBTQ creators, but in the meantime, we're gonna make a billion dollars violating children's privacy. I swear to god. It's like it's all PR. You know at the end of the day their business they're looking to make money. That's the number one priority: it's there there you there Google they their business is sucking money. Like a vacuum, did you know and their main business is your data, and that is the product. But the truth is that you look at the CEO of YouTube Susan Wojcicki she's, a super sweet super nice, down-to-earth, very woke, mm-hmm woman I mean I've I've met with her personally a couple of times and spent some time with them, which is why I don't know if it's like use, but this is the Google guy. This is the guy who really pulls the [ __ ] the strings. This is the CEO of Google and this guy's, some super wok young Indian dude, who doesn't [ __ ] around, but in this guy sat in an office with a bunch of people was like we're. Gonna serve these [ __ ] little spineless idiots, their brains, don't even work when this chef, Hot Wheels so far down their throat, they're gonna be [, __ ] golden eggs for us is he now he's the CEO of Google, mm-hmm, I, guess I! Think technically, the CEO of alphabet would be YouTube's boss. Well, when this got a CEO of Google before alphabet happened, I see, okay, so I think he's. He probably has a lot of Larry Page. Was that it? Oh, is this Larry Page, yeah I, think Larry Page he's the big boy yeah this guy doesn't [ __ ] around yeah Larry Page will [ __ ] you'll you'll wake up in a creek if you [, __ ], with Larry Page, fifty three billion fifty four billion. This is a guy that made Google co-founder of Google. How is it that all these, like artists, that make these crazy tech companies end up being like the best CEO? Also like Mark Zuckerberg Jeff Bezos, Larry Page? They made this really obscure crazy technology and I, say artists, because they probably all are on the scale. I mean look at them. They're really awkward tech I mean you're on the spectrum on the spectrum yeah on the spectrum and I don't mean that as a joke, I mean they're genuinely, and then they all end up being like like look at Mark Zuckerberg that guy's definitely on the spectrum. They all end up being like these extremely successful CEOs how's that possible well, I, don't think being autistic necessarily means you're, not good, no I mean not being a big part, not the artistic part. The part about, like I'm gonna, make a little tech company, and then it's gonna go wildly successful and now I'm gonna be the CEO of the biggest company in the world. It's interesting how you go from being a little tech startup to being like the CEO the biggest moment. Sometimes it works out. I would argue them, I mean I, don't think they planned on anything. It's just it's just it's interesting that they were able to. You said yeah, they're, geniuses, I, guess that's why their company succeeded from the beginning. Mark Zuckerberg is he's, got to be a phenomenal CEO I mean he [ __ ] he's one of I mean look. Facebook is huge. Yeah they've just had a lot more missteps over the years. Then yeah then Google has you know since yeah. Certainly since since they've gotten so big yeah I mean he's definitely on the scale, probably pretty high up the scale, if I'm being honest, good, the suck yeah I mean who knows but from the videos of him yeah he's a well anyway again: I'm, not I'm, not dear-dear. Writing is that the right word. Let me look that up right now: I'm making an official statement. Yeah I'm, not deriding, autistic people, I'm all I'm saying what am I doing? Nobody cares. Who cares? You know what I meant either you know what I meant or you don't doesn't matter what I say and anyway look he's. Smoking meets the suck owns like half of Hawaii, apparently mm-hmm, good, smoky, flavor, good job on those Zak and I know you cut up the sock like that. We've had that in the pocket for a while. Finally, let's see you I wanna I'm curious to hear Larry Page talk. What does this guy sound like just a good sense of not getting on camera like the suck wants to be like a superstar, you know, I mean the suck livestreams himself smoking meats yeah. What do we got? We got a TED talk with Larry Page. That sounds boring worth. The end of this show nobody's watching. I'm just want to hear what Larry Page sounds like yeah all right Larry, and what do you got for us? I hate it when people say somebody needs. No introduction then goes on to introduce him, so don't but wait that was so awkward. Why are these people so awkward, Brooke, don't say it if you're gonna? Do it right, I gotta watch this again, I hate it when people say somebody needs. No introduction then goes on to introduce them, but I do wanna start in the realm of what might have been just go, I, think 1997, Larry and Sergey. Almost no, it's not going down how the world might be different. If that had in fact happened, we had Larry, say simply I'm here. For you, life is cooler, sauce do the ventures, but you know either subsidized bro talk Larry I'm here for used power. Who is this guys? That's the other co-founder Kai's, dad yeah I was talking go ahead here we got home anyway, I, don't think my always likely got much worse. I'm happy about that. Oh he's got the boys so I'm hanging on every word Larry. What do you got for me and it's and it's priced at 182 dollars a month, [Laughter] he's moderating himself. You lost your voice. What you learned from that? Okay, nice cut yeah I mean it was great sir. He encouraged me. He just said he lost his voice and he's asking about that. Experience. We're going through this whole video to hear his voice and like this isn't his normal voice, because he's got like the worst video we could. That was a lot of feedback and information, and things like that. Good, okay. So here's a good example. I think you know we're talking about medicine, but a lot of you know the things mr. go-go about cause. It's medical issues. America somehow worked ourselves into a state around that someone parsley I, don't care very much about that. So I don't have that issue, but I think wow. What would you do it? 50 million mmm-hmm? How much he's worth ya know: you're, asking yeah he's worth 50 billion. What would you guys do with 50 billion I have no idea in yeah by a country? Should I mean by a country? What can you buy a country for 50 bit? Would you do one tree? Why not sovereignty baby pretty trying? What do you need with sovereignty? Damn god Jay understand power. Even they do need. Sovereignty are people that can't do legally here. What they do, I'll tell you what I would do with 50 billing I would donate it all to charity all right. Let's [ __ ], let's get out of here, TGIF mother, effers, I'm, so tired, dude, oh I, heard um Christina's podcast about she has the new um, where my mom is that my god mm-hmm and she just said like I'm, so tired I, haven't slept in four years like there's two other kids, mm-hmm I thought that was so funny. That's how I feel now all the time it's like. That's it I sometimes have thoughts like that where I'm like I, don't think I'm ever gonna, get like a normal night's sleep yeah like five years or maybe even longer, maybe longer yeah, and then I think. Why do we do this and we got another dog and I shits, even crazier at her house and I'm like what do we did like? What are we doing but then like when we have went it always smiling at us and we're all having fun? Then I? Don't you lose trying to put a silver lining on it? Well, I, because I, don't really think that it's just when you're like tired you're, like what have I done, yeah I'm, not seriously, considering a control out the leading back to a previous save. If I had the technology I mean the technology exists, we could discuss it, but I don't have an option, but I mean it's like you. In all day, it's like that. You go back and forth yeah. Now you have you. Have we still have some moments, our quiet moments? It's been working. We go! Okay, we have two hours and then we end up working and then we wanted to watch bachelor in paradise, but now we're at a time mm-hmm. So I have to stay up till 3:00 to watch The, Bachelor paradise, and that means I'm gonna get like four hours of sleep because let's go change our schedule. That's the problem. I'm gonna start going to sleep early I, just can't do which I also told that I should go to sleep early today, but it's so hard for me to go to bed at 10:00. It's just I did it's like the best time I, even like working at night and I like watching I like drawing at night, like everything I want to do I want to do at night, Pete's uh! What's for dinner tonight, what's for dinner, [Music] there's like I, don't know. I wish I had good that I really crave right now. Go ahead called phone cold brew there yeah coffee from Starbucks all right. This is the end I'm officially starting to sub bombs [Music]. That means we're saying goodbye farewell to all of our fans. You can follow me on the ethan klein, app you'll, get exclusive updates and messages from me. Yours truly for fans and the show and fans of mine in general I'm, an interesting guy I'm, a fascinating guy. You can't get enough of me and frankly, I quite understand. If you didn't get enough for me fast, you can go to my app at even climb app dot-com download the app there faster. From that point, you will have access to my all exclusive photos, videos of me and Ernest, thanking you not being funny serious. Thank you only nudes as well tasteful, nude and but most of all, just my beautiful face. Photoshop heavily make me look more handsome than I am, but that's what you want to see right. A perfect life, a perfect world, a perfect man, quite frankly, which I am so head on over to Ethan client, app dot government. You can follow me there. You can see me thanking you and hanging out with my family god. I have to be so bad and just overall living it up an idyllic life that, frankly, couldn't get any better. We are having the correct checks to avoid being trolled. We have moderators will promptly ban any trolls. This is a troll free zone over at you can climb out and if you're thinking about coming in pretending to be Jeffrey Epstein, you can think again because we're not a Pierrot tolerance policy and the first troll we see we will erase the app entirely. So don't ruin the fun for everybody else. We have reports that there is a weaver race that so I guess that's going guys. So that's it have a good have a good holiday holiday. It's the weekend, TGIF [, __ ] records. Let's get your dicks out and shake them and shake them and play some video games and watch bachelor in paradise and demon hunts are on. Hulu is really good. I'm gonna watch that it's an anime, that's good. Yeah we've been trying to watch that for two weeks, I've passed you be like five, that's fine and head over jeremy renner at chris pelea at this time last year, I was a hun 200 pounds this time, I'm to ten head over to Ethan Happ worth of s. Alright Dan. You know what to do it's about that time. Thank you for buddy, thanks for watching. Thank you next week, [Music].