- party time baby, if it's not h3, is over, then its YouTube is over party and if it's not YouTube is over party, then its its ilysm actual birthday party, which was yesterday happy birthday ela. Thank you so many party that is hard to keep track of them all these days. You know I, think you do cap, Tara and stamps for sponsoring our episode today, ela. How was your birthday you're now 32 years old and I can officially say you're now a MILF. My birthday was great thanks to you, you're welcome. You really went all out and I appreciate. It got lots of gifts, you're 32 right. Yes, so was it a meme that the numbers were wrong in the picture there was a typo somewhere along the way. Someone help me arrange everything and she got the she mixed up the numbers little enough yeah but I mean come on what am I gonna. What am I gonna do not take a photo of it. Well. Thank you. You're welcome you deserve it. You really do um. You know it was annoying to be honest with you. I bought some stuff for you like literally three weeks ago and that mother freaking crap only arrived today and the other one didn't even arrived. Yet I'm like dude, what's going on in this world, so I, don't know I mean, but at school my birthday continues: it's not cool. Are you trying to make of it, but I'm pissed I had this such a cute day like we had this day out, we're gonna get lunch, we wouldn't got a massage and then I had dinner plan and I was gonna. I had four gifts for her and I was gonna, give them to her throughout the day, but I only ended up having two of them and the other to the dinner arrived yet were like the main surprise guests. So I wouldn't have been so cute to be like good morning. Here's a gift! Oh, did you enjoy lunch, there's a gift: oh did you enjoy the massage here's, a gift, Oh dinner, here's another gift, and every time you would have been like. Oh, oh, oh but Ethan showed me all the gifts, even the ones to dinner I've and you like nailed it 1000% exactly stuff that I love, which is pretty cool because I'm gonna be tough, like my mom cannot buy me stuff. What sister can't buy me stuff? They all know they just know they're, not even gonna. Try they don't spend as much time with you as I. Do that was very cool, no I'm glad I nailed. It love everything the earrings you're wearing. If you listen to this like heavy metal, jewelry kind of [, __ ], the necklace I bought, is similar to that one too. It's all about that chain, maybe so anyway, happy birthday to ela. The next party is the YouTube is over party very exciting pack, it up everybody yeah the next day after our last podcast, there was a new over party. It was pretty funny. I wish ela had said. We wish. We left up the decoration yeah, the kpop canceling us, because we could have left that up for YouTube now. So what did YouTube do? You know? Youtube really is almost as like a birthday for them, because I feel like they get canceled every year. It's almost like an annual celebration, so really it is kind of like their birthday. It is a holiday season. Let's remember when did this take place, the beginning of December? So, let's see if next year there's another YouTube is over party around the same time of year. What did YouTube do YouTube enacted a new anti harassment policy that resulted in the removal of several prominent videos beloved videos, including, for example, most prominent I, would say as idubbbz content cop on leafyishere as we all know, and love and cherish that video. It's really like a historical video at this point of an era yeah totally it's a it totally is and I mean. If anything it belongs in a museum not off YouTube yeah. They should put that in the honored video's catalog of YouTube. You know what I mean you should have like a page specifically dedicated to the most honored videos on YouTube now I'll get into that later. But let's, let's get into the policy itself, here's the blog post, they posted, and let me dig into this for you here we go now. I'm gonna read you guys some bulletin points, but here it is. They say an update to our harassment policy. Yeah. It's too much to read: read YouTube rewind! Oh, let's see can I read this whole thing, not really! No there's! No! It's not that interesting. It's just here! I, okay, but here I'll I'll, give you the Reader's Digest YouTube will no longer allow videos that maliciously insult someone based on protected attributes such as race, gender, identity or sexuality. I feel like they already didn't. Allow that me too, because they had a anti-hate policy yeah but um, maybe I'm wrong. I, don't know cuz here it doesn't yeah I mean it says right yeah, you couldn't say racist, [, __ ] before could you well and they did and that's what kind of kicked off this whole controversy back in the summer with the Crowder and the Vox dude right yeah, because the Vox dude was saying hey your policy says that he should be banned for these things and you're not doing it so I'm not sure what exactly they expanded on, because they definitely had an anti I hate policy. I guess it's specifically about harassment, maybe you're not committing a hate crime, but it's more about I, don't know it's it's funny that they have to make up these rules for themselves. I know I feel like just you don't have to justify. Someone is maliciously insulting someone based on race or gender. That's a yeah! It's just like common sense. Isn't it yeah, I, think so and and I think that I just find it funny that they need to create these rules when the rule itself is so broad and could be enforced in ways that are really up for interpretation as well. Look at the examples of videos that also remove they're, actually, posting blogs I always say that to them. I'm like hey, I, go bro. What why are you late, toasting blogs, you're you're, a video platforming? You guys can't even make videos to announce this [ __, ] you're supposed to be like so progressive and it's a video platform. Nobody reads yet, like the future blogs feel like that's I, don't even hear that in water rain yeah a blog, you mean a vlog I mean a vlog right. Youtube will also ban, implied threats of violence, which again seems like something that they probably already did implied. Threats of violence like I'm, gonna, [, __, ], kill this guy a row erupted in June, so this is I. Think what many people point to as the genesis for this new harassment policy, a row erupted in June. After a prominent video maker said he had been the target of abuse by another youtuber. At the time. Youtube said its rules had not been broken, but it has now deleted. Many of those videos in question out what they're talking about is a steven crowder which here I have a was kept referencing to this reporter for Vox, whose name is gay wonk by the way on Twitter and I, feel like I shouldn't be saying that, but that is his name on Twitter. So I was like that can I say gay wonk. So Dan explained to me that a walk is like a political junkie, but a walk almost sounds like a epithet like a racial slur. You walk, I was thinking like a wank, ok, wank! No! You can't say that you can't say gay wank. How dare you well? The wank is like a right. No he's a gay, Lincoln and jokin he's a gay wonk. That's his Twitter handle I mean it feels wrong to say, though, but anyway, regardless he says I. So this is back in May 30th and he says so. I have a pretty thick skin when it comes to online harassment. But something has been really bothering me. Since I started working at box steven crowder has been making video after video debunking, strikethrough I. Guess that's this series. Every single video has included repeated over attacks on my sexual orientation and ethnicity. Let's watch the the this was a huge thing: I think we yeah we covered, and so at the time I'll show you this video, but at the time YouTube responded what the [ __ ] is this it's phone number, oh, he got Docs I got dog stand. People were yeah that sucks. That's happened to me. I know that shitty. That is, but anyway, YouTube responded by saying, while we think this content is respectable, it doesn't break any of our rules, so we're unable to act which was like whoa I, think like that was a ballsy play, because every I think that pissed everybody off you know, but now they have rules. So all these videos by Crowder were removed, but anyway here's what crowd is said about the gay wonk video with our favorite favorite and listen, it's ridiculous. It's bonkers, you're being given a free pass as a crappy writer, because you're gay, that's Federline. On his a little queer graph. There. Payments like you've been given a pass as being a shitty writer, because you're gay I mean that's. Is that harassment, I, guess I guess what he's showing is the repeated like I mean I appreciate. It was just that this is what mr. gay Vox wants to do. Mister, let's be queer from Vox. What were you holding gay latino from Potts fast motion? Is gay I'm not sure why this guy on the gay semi Latino vote with this spray anymore? Okay, he's a sachets across without eight like just stop that gay Vox pretory like a fairy wispy means my sprite. Why does he keep calling him a sprite I hadn't really heard that one before and is a fairy yeah like a fairy I? Guess, yes, he's really he likes that sprite and so on. Fox Freeman trying you by the way, the gay Mexican guy gay, latino, v-neck gay, Mexican, Mexican gay guy used to work Mexican gay latino there at that bottle. Gay Latino friend, Bobby told me. He's boxing he's. Definitely obsessed with this guy sexuality. Is this great gay I mean I'm getting kind of Gabe eyes from Crowder that he wants to [ __ ], gay wonk, so obsessed with the sexuality, I think correct, I think Crowder is into mr. Carlos. Here you know: you're, not the first one to I mean it's kind of outrageous. It's like dude, maybe you should just suck a dick and see if you like it, I guess am. I am I harassing Crowder now, no and I'll tell you why? Because I don't make comments if I started, every podcast was saying I think Crowder needs to suck a dick and see if he likes it, because I think he's gay that might be harassment, but I, don't know I guess it would be right according to YouTube. This case is definitely definitely seems like a problem. Well, it's malicious! That's for sure! Not really cool and I can see how that would invite like really awful comments from his viewers, like people who watch this. There's there's there's something that he's saying between the lines yeah about this guy Carlos that and at least according to him. It's not just could it. It did right, yeah, like he got ducks by his followers. Well, I'm, not surprised if I was you know if I was part of this guys fan base or well, people are crazy right. We all agree on that, especially ones who are fanatic about things. So if I was a fanatic person of Crowder's, then I can see me taking this way too far, because he's really building him I was like a boogeyman, but regardless that's what started it at the time. Youtube said hey. We can't do anything about this. Well, they crafted the new rules and they can now do something about it, so they removed all the videos talking about about that reporter and apparently people are well into yeah prior to the changes. Youtube had already banned videos that contain explicit threats of violence bullied. Someone about their parents, revealed somebody's personal information, encouraged viewers to harass an individual, but the new policy also bans, veiled or implied threats of violence such as saying you better watch out. That's my you better watch, or you say what would you say, watch out watch out? Oh, you can say that I, don't think anyone takes you seriously. I, don't think yours is a veiled threat. It's an outright threat, simulated violence towards an individual, malicious insults based on protected attributes such as race, gender and sexual orientation. Oops ed. The new policy will apply to everyone, including politicians, popular YouTube stars, as well as general public video makers who consistently break the rules, will have their ability to earn advertising revenue restricted and may have videos deleted or their channel closed. The company said there will be some exemptions from the new policy, including insults, use and scripted satire. Oh well, that's interesting, because I feel, like I, got to bring that up. Yeah later in this bit. Remember they said that exempts including insults used in scripted, satire, stand-up, comedy or music yeah. So actually, funnily enough now that YouTube is acted on behalf of gay wonk. I, just call him by his name: yeah I, don't like Carlos maza, it's his Twitter handle I mean the guy named himself gay walk on Twitter. What am I supposed to do? No Dan! What do you guys can I call him gay walk or should I just call? Okay, I mean it's sweater. Han I mean you're right, it is his Twitter handle, but it seems to be bugging you so just don't. Oh yeah great, so Carlos from Vox he's reaction to YouTube's new policy is extreme skepticism. Malicious insults were already prohibited under YouTube's anti hate and anti-harassment policies. Youtube rolls out policies like this to distract reporters from the real story. Youtube's, not enforcement I did agreed. They or people already moved on past. This I feel like this is not if they were just trying to do PR that would have done. They would have removed the videos at the time. So I disagree with him on that. One I think YouTube makes exceptions for popular craters like Crowder, even when moderators flag, they they just moved all this video so hold on. Is that confirmed that they removed all of his videos? I thought he took down all of his own videos himself, oh well, I'm, sorry, emp'd getting taken down, I, actually, I, don't know. I saw somewhere that all of his videos were removed that where he talked about him, let me because I read differently, but it it seems well, I, think, try and figure it out right now, because he goes, he goes on. Malicious insults are only a small part of the problem on YouTube. The bigger problem is hateful content stuff. The target's entire group spent Schapiro smearing Muslims as terrorists lauren southern railing against mass migration. This is HB with a smile, see that that to me is a very slippery slope, a kind of really I don't know I that I could I just have to strongly disagree with I mean Ben. Shapiro was entitled to have a whether you agree with him or not. You should be able to talk about he's. Saying I can't discuss. Muslim is a bit his take on like a religion, cuz its aid speech, I mean I, don't know, I mean if this is a huge topic of conversation Muslims is. It gets really tough. If mass migration I mean dude you you can oppose migration. I, don't know that seems kind of insane that that statement strikes me as remarkably insane also I mean you just have to take it step by step, they're doing something. So right, that's good, like you can't expect everything that wants to, and this is the problem with kind of these uh for lack of better word. I, don't like saying this, but like social justice warriors, let's just say for lack of better word. Let's say it's never enough their their mission is always to push it further and to never be satisfied, I think by the definition of their their belief system and their ethnos is that you're always pushing for change and you're, never satisfied. So it's hard to satisfy these people. D monetization doesn't work on YouTube. It never has people like Crowder make money through merch sales and direct donations, not Adsense as long as YouTube gives them a platform. They'll keep breaking the rules. Your monetization doesn't work bro, that's wrong! Also, you just want them to start banning people that you don't like I'm, sorry, dude, no I, don't know why he just can't take this as a victory like YouTube loves to manage PR crisis by rolling up fake content policies that I'm actually enforce. These photos only work. If you two was willing to take down his most popular rule breakers and there's no reason so far to believe that they did well, they did do that as far as I can tell they removed a lot of very popular videos as pissing people off, and you know see what. Then it comes back away because ya know I'm googling around trying to figure it out and I can't seem to find confirmation one way or another. Well, I mean one thing: if you go to his channel, Crowder's channel I mean he's, got a bajillion videos and yes, it's not like he got the platforms or anything. No, he didn't get the platform, but if they didn't remove any of his videos, if he took them down first, we definitely know for sure that they did take down a lot of very famous or I. Don't know a lot, they took down famous videos, so there's no reason to believe that they wouldn't I mean, especially if this was the Genesis for this whole role. To begin with, it seems that either he removed them before the rule went into effect or YouTube removed them. I, don't know which, although he did make a video saying that the purge was coming and I, don't know what the [ __ ], but there's another group that um Carlos was retweeting called ban Google from pride, who who also agrees that they haven't gone far enough. Well, it's great that YouTube says they are making approve mr. policies, which they have been insisting are already good enough. We don't think these changes are meaningful. Many of us have taken to referring to not just policies but policies and practices, precisely because existing policies could have been enough in many cases how you actually enforced them is far more important. Well, that's true! Um I'm, not gonna, read this. Who cares, but you get the idea so on one hand, Crowder Crowder made like an 11 minute long, video about it. I guess I should pull that up to give it the full story. I. Can you give that video? Damn it's like funny? How YouTube can never like it seems like they can never do the right thing at the right time. It's true they're, always having trouble I. Don't know why, at the moment, when it was brought up that he was making those videos, they didn't do anything. It's like a year later now and now they're doing this, and now everyone's confused like where is this coming from mmm? It's just a bureaucracy. Dude like I always say people think that YouTube is a huge monolith. There's like 20 people running it seriously and then, when they want to make a policy change, there's lawyers there's PR. Then they have different lawyer teams for different countries because they operate in so many different countries. They have to it's like it's insane. The bureaucracy behind policy shifts like this huh. Are you guys fishing up that crowd or video I'm talking about the purge one yeah yeah I just found it hold on there. It is thank you Dan, so you guys saw the Carlos's response. So now here's Crowder's response just and the you know a lot of people been talking about a lot of rumors circulating. There's a lot of information out there, some of it true, some of it I'm true gosh I, wish I were aging into a silver fox, but instead I just look like a hobo, getting a gray here in -. What are the conservative community and irony but larger, really the YouTube community at large, because, as we saw from the recent controversy it didn't, if it wasn't relegated to only the conservative community, okay, the YouTube purge is happening. Let me say that this is something a lot of people have talked about for a while December 10th December 11th, some new policies coming down the pike. A lot of people have been concerned, ourselves included. It is happening well, talk, say something what we did by it now. These Carlos had the dignity of telling just explaining what he thought and wait. 9 minutes 30 seconds man come on it by this channel over the summer and certainly not sorry for the content that we've created and that you've come to enjoy. I, don't apologize for that, but obviously my heart goes out to if there are any future conservatives or future independent voices who are affected because some people got their feelings hurt. So we do know that this is why the policies have been created. Okay, I can't, but you get that you get the gist right created, I mean the prayer just come in here. Let's see, there's wonder if he ever actually defines what that means. Cuz again, it's like I'm on a stage right now. Oh damn. What are you eating? What are you eating chips? It sounds like you're eating, ice cream or sometimes, like you got a chip problem. I drew your chip, a holic, take care of, then you stopped and you stopped smoking. And now you got a chip, though I think I'm glad you're eating chips and not smoking. So I'm not gonna. Give you hate for that. Those are goods. Lee yeah! You make a good point and before I cut you off for for chip, your chip, offense, you make a good point. I mean the purge. If the person here not very affect your right. Exactly is this: like one merge, I mean I, do think that we're not gonna, see this rule and forced very much. That's my feeling. It really kind of seems like nothing really changed. Like you said it's like. The policy is just kind of reiterating they're saying its new policy, but how is it different than the old policy it just I? Don't I really don't know I, guess well, I guess they did add specific rules like the they said, the part about like they said that they'll take it as a pattern of behavior. So if maybe they don't break the rules in one video, but if they keep harassing somebody, then they can look at it as a pattern of behavior called. Oh, that's harassment, we're not gonna love it anymore. You know, even if an individual video doesn't cross our policy line, I think that's yeah, that's new! It's a little bit of nuance yeah! So whatever the purge is coming, okay, so let's look at, for example, videos notable videos that were removed, content cop on leafy was removed and that one shocked a lot of us in the YouTube community items. Tweeted your download your favorite bowling videos before YouTube takes them down. Here's the email he got. As you may know, our Community Guidelines describes calm bro, you just put it out, I! Think that's why, as you may know, it's like you just changed it, but basically what I would guess is that it's probably because he made fun of his look yeah with the chin. So in the case of this specific video, the whole point is that he was bullying him right. Of course, it's it's I would hope. That would be more nuanced than that, because the point is that Leif he was a bully if it was actually one that really was Bo and so n was making this rhetorical point. This artistic I think there's even an argument for an artistic parody yeah, which is what they said. What did I say? We make exceptions for parodies, cryptid parodies adapted satire, specifically so I think that he really is making a valid point, and he even says in a video I'm gonna bully him cuz he's a bully and that's how you teach bullies yeah and he makes fun of his looks. But, okay, so YouTube doesn't have any nuance, and so they they took down that video. At least we can say we know why it was removed, even if we disagree and hope that they have more nuance. You know, interestingly, none of his other content cops were removed. Only this one yeah, it's just weird um people were joking about how keemstar kept refreshing it waiting for nothing that is content cop got removed yeah only that one was removed. Interestingly, now this one really I upsetted me and I didn't get it. Zach psychic pebbles made a video about the finebros. Many years ago, this reuploads from 2013 finebros react. Man sac was like prophetic, because this is from six years ago. Mm-Hmm, these guys are even more out of control than they were then, and this video was removed can I not watch it chi not comment on it. It was removed, mm-hmm come true, so anyway, it's just a joke about how they're basically milking this one idea for reactions and they're making a shitload of money and they're beating a dead horse. I mean it's a beautiful piece of satire. It's really funny and there's really nothing wrong with it, especially considering that it's a scripted, satire mm-hmm that it's very thoughtful, that it is a specific criticism against them, and it is it's like. So it is so clear that it's satire from the beginning. There is no question, I mean here, I'll show you the beginning, I, don't think they'll, just showing you an excerpt. Survivors react. Townsend, roamers react, babies, react and child molesters react. What else can we do? We need more ideas. The cash suit is running low, I mean you get the idea, this kind of crisis so and it's definitely not harassment. I mean this: is one videos act number talk about them again, so this video was removed when they wrote out the new policy and I'm stuck here wondering the video is extraordinarily vulgar and I would understand if it got removed on that basis. But these disavow Garrety existed before the new rule. Well, just say: age-restricted yeah, just age-restricted. Why we I, don't know it's it really sucks, because that was just such a again such a great piece to just mark to just dismiss it as harassment. I think is. It's disappointing feel like this. This one is such a typical set are like why? Even if you were a fan of that channel, you can still watch this and laugh at it. Like you know, I mean it's not harassment, it's just a funny exaggeration or that they're. Just exactly like the finebros. I wouldn't imagine that they would be so offended by this. Video yeah I would hope not, but there you have it so I, don't know, I find that really uh quite disappointing and well I. Don't really know what to say about that. I, just I find it concerning that. This was one of the ones removed, but besides these two are kind of the most notable in terms of what I'm aware of so there wasn't that many yeah I didn't have any removed by the way, which is kind of I expected to have a couple removed on her I was like oh [, __ ]. When we check my emails, see what got got but nada I mean I'd like to think that we're not bullying anyone well I, don't think zach is bullying anyone either, but there you have it. You've been had a video about the fine brothers I did you know if I definitely had a fine videos finebros, it just proves that it's totally arbitrary, like mm-hmm and I, made fun of the way the guy looked at I mean he's a weird-looking, dude and I definitely talked about that. You know I remember well, anyway. There is, of course that doesn't mean that there isn't conspiracy theories by the one-and-only clowns star who's been on a crusade against me, as he has been for a long time he's a bit obsessed with me. One might say, but we'll talk about that when we come back from the break and so stay tuned, we will be talking about the killer clown star. When we come back, don't go anywhere. What, if you can make your work, take less work you can with kaptara kaptara helps you find the right software for your needs fast, so you can get back to business even faster, compare thousands of software options, read reviews and instantly narrow. Your favorites you'll have more time in no time find the right software right now at kaptara, comm, /, h3 kaptara is the leading free online resource to help you find the best software solutions for your business, with over 1 million reviews of products from real software users discover everything you need to make an informed decision, search more than 700 specific categories of software, everything from project management to email, marketing and all the way down yes to yoga studio management software. Does it get more niche than that? I don't know, but probably probably probably yes go. Look on. Kaptara I bet you they got it whatever. You need no matter what kind of software your business needs. Kaptara makes it easy to discover the right solution fast, so join the millions of people who use kaptara each month to find the right tools for their business. Now kaptara is one of those one-of-a-kind places on the internet because, let's face it, we all got this tedious crap to do we're all entrepreneurs out here, we're all trying to chase that cheddar and you don't know what perfect software is out there. This is gonna, make your life so much easier. For example, we search the kaptara and we were able to find a. It was really a content management system for managing tasks back here, so I can slave dr ian even better I'll make sure that he doesn't forget tasks and now enos 10 20 times more productive than he ever was any boy. He is earning that salary. Thank you to kaptara visit, kaptara comp /hz for free today to find the tools to make an informed software decision for your business cap. Terry Cobbs, /, h3, kaptara, that's CA, p, ter, ra I feel like I said. The pacing was weird, but it's CA, p ter ra, comm, /, h3, kaptara software selection, simplified when I talk about stamps.com I, always wonder ela who in the world still goes to the post office and why Winston? Thank you when stamps.com brings the post office to you, no need to interrupt your day with a flood with a fight with traffic to get to the post office. There's come on, there's a million reasons not to go there, especially now during the holidays, when the post office is extra busy with people sending holiday cards and gift. That's why you need to head on over to stamps calm anything you do at the post office. You can do it stamps, calm, saps, calm, eliminates trips to the post office and saves you money with discounts that you can't even get at the post office. That's right! Steps are cogs, bring all the services of the US Postal Service right to your computer, whether your small office, sending invoices or an online sellers shipping out product or even a warehouse sending thousands of packages a day Sam saw comp can handle it all with ease, simply use your computer to print official US postage 24/7 for any letter any package, any class of mail anywhere you want to send. What's your mail is ready, you just hand it to your mail carrier or drop it in a mailbox. It's that simple. With stamps.com, you get five cents off every first-class stamp and up to 40% off Priority Mail, not to mention it's a fraction of the cost of those expensive postage. Meters. I still don't know, what's a postage meter but I'm assuming enough people do that it's worth reading. Does anyone know what a postage meter is? Maybe that's what uh I'm not gonna now is not the time either Sam. So calm is a no-brainer saving you time and money. It's no wonder over 700 thousand small businesses already use stamps. Calm, don't spend a minute of your holiday season at the post office. This year, sign up for stamps, , said: there's no risk and with my promo code h3, you get a special offer that includes a four week: trial, plus free postage and a digital scale. No long-term commitment or contract once again just go to stamps com click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in h3 that stamps comm and enter h3 stamps are calm, never go to the post office again. Welcome back. How are the ads everybody? Did you have a good time, Dan hiding we were talking in the bathroom that um you have never peed during the break. What's up with that, somebody's got a hold hold it down. Do you have to pee? Are you just holding it down? Sometimes I actually do right now, really can't just leave this whole operation unattended. Well, the coffee is rolling, so somebody's got to make sure it's not [ __ ] up so I got to give it up to Dan the wizard back there. Honestly, congratulations that Dan was holding it holding it down and holding it in mm-hmm, so we were talking about killer keemstar. Who was, of course, and the absence of evidence willing, as always to perpetrate conspiracy theories about me, wouldn't be the first time. Keemstar is obsessed with me. He really is really. He has yeah and I think that I mean well besides me openly. You didn't like him yeah. He has a. He has a problem. His fragile little clown heart was hurt when we did the podcast and then I said afterwards in a comment that I hated him, even though in the podcast itself, I repeatedly tell him how much I disliked him to his [ __ ] face and by the way one of the criticisms I got from that podcast is that I was too openly hostile to him. There you go, but then, because I was pleasant to him a backstage and gave his it gave him. It was pleasant and cordial, then I'm, a snake, polite yeah was polite, so I'm a snake because anyway he can't get over that which is crazy, but there it is I mean I'm, not surprised. Kim starts one of those people that he's just so he's just hard to even imagine he's a real person. You know it's like Tam, there's a real person out there like that it's wild anyway. He goes most so, first of all, he says and remember he considers himself a newsman, so take that and call texts with how insane these accusations are. Most videos criticizing you tags me when you were 100 percent messing up about a year ago, have been removed from YouTube deemed as harassment, okay, well I said to him, and then he cites this one video that was removed for harassment. He says correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't you have a meeting with Susan earlier this year. So that's his evidence of this massive conspiracy. Now I said to him. I challenge you to show me one additional video other than this one that was removed and it was crickets, but, like imagine, you're a newsman, okay and how insane you have to be to make such a [ __, ], blanketly, wrong and malicious statement. I mean slanderous. Really most of the videos criticizing you were removed, no one. So you really think that Susan, the CEO of YouTube, came here to meet us to talk about you and another guy that made a video about it. Really, you think that's how she uses her time. He's obsessed with me: dude yeah, you wanna, know how I met here, and we talked about some guy that we don't know that made a video about us that makes a CEO of YouTube came out to hear me. [ __ ] about that and by the way I'll tell you how it happened. My contact at YouTube said: hey. Do you want to meet Susan and I said sure? That's it no way! No I'm telling you bro. Is she Jewish cuz I? Don't really think she is oh, no, she is Jewish, then they're, really, let's find out Susan Wojcicki I, don't think she's Jewish thank God, because I would never hear the end of the Jewish conspiracy theories. But if you follow the same logic born to Esther was John ski, an educator of Russian Jewish descent: you are Russian, Jewish descent. Aren't you Ethan Am, I I, think you are I, don't think I'm Russian I am NOT, okay, I think I'm a stringer well I have and she talked to dad yep by the same logic of Kiev clown star the genius news man. That means that leafy also complained to Susan Wojcicki to remove idubbbz video came to live his mom's basement yeah and they had a very important meeting yeah. My son is being harassed so okay and then, and then furthermore, I says okay. Well, what video is this? The death of Atreus reproductions, this video was removed and, if I look into it for more than just two seconds you'll remember I said there was a new rule said that it includes content, simulating violence. So if I have to just take a hairbrained gas, it probably wasn't a conspiracy. It was probably just the fact that he has a gun up to my head like to execute me, no, not possible, and so as a newsman. You think that you would look 2 seconds into this before tweeting out some absolutely psychotic I mean I, mean sight. He he's so psycho he's obsessed with trying to ruin me won't ruin me I mean this has always been. My problem with him is so irresponsible with the nonsense that he spreads how it like that, just he doesn't even think about it, twice know what he know. He the news is secondary to trying to hurt or anyone anyone in his way yeah at that moment it would be anyone, then the new he's just he's there as a as a weapon to harm people. He doesn't like that's like his M. That's what he's there to do, and so I think that keemstar is a dangerous psychopath. I think that he is a I think he probably has a small penis as well. I could just tell he's he's a big guy and he's probably really tiny uh - you're easy. You have a soundbite of Ian saying that something about a huge [, __ ] Ian forbid him from using any what it's just funny. It's relevant go ahead. I didn't hear it clean. This is all the soundbite I'm, not actually talking. Well sorry, Kim, apparently uh. Apparently you have a massive penis. So apologies I recant, my my statement. I'm gonna go deep. So anyway, keemstar found the image again the excellent news. Man he's such a genius watch. This Susan Wojcicki, h3h3, I bet I bet it shows up. Let's see well, I can I can run my own news network bro. Oh, he is a genius because you had it removed from the Google search results. You also asked her to do that. The genius researcher yeah I mean really. We made her once a week. You know she doesn't a lot. You probably had the picture saved on his hard drive under Ethan hedge, ah yeah anyway, yeah anyway Kim. It's not us. It's you yeah, it's not us. I gotta go I. Gotta get the sugar ray gotta make a video. Well anyway, I I responded to him only and to give honor to this video. We made it's so good about clown clown star by the way, just just to show you guys, because again the crux of his statement is that most of the videos about me have been removed and so I says he keeps going answer. The question I says: does a baseless insane conspiracy theory require an answer. You said all videos, critical of me were removed. Can you list even one additional video that was taken down about me and then I said to him because asking each other rhetorical questions cloud star. Tell me how many balls can you juggle at once and I think that's a vowel quite and I. Don't know why he hasn't answered me yeah. How many balls can you juggle at once and came a clown star? I know you're, watching this cuz you're obsessed with me you're on every word, and your blood is boiling you're thinking to yourself. How am I gonna destroy him? How am I gonna make a Twitter rant and then find some [ __ ] this guy literally got it I, don't need to keep going on about keemstar, but it's not the first time he's just made. Actually slanderous lies about me, but that is that, and he is a [ __ ] mmm. So here's the video we made to give glory to to the clown star about where the F is the Edit. Where is the edit here? It is dead air clown, star, [Music], [Music], there's Witter video players. I want to show you the new studio, I love the new studio, that's constant for you, it's a beautiful thing, beautiful, thank you and there you have it now. He said, of course, do I need a good. Do, must I go on that? Was it I think we and that's another shoe we can put in the Box I'm all right, mmm-hmm, but I share the concerns of the community. I also I'm worried that it's so open for justification. Even for and yes just real, quick I just can you just answer the question I mean: did you ask Susan, take down the video I? Don't understand why you can't just answer the question. I will answer the question. Damn team star tells me how many balls you can juggle at one. Okay, I'm gone if he once he answers the question that I will answer the question. So there you have it. Where were we I share the concerns of the community? I [Music] also am worried about how open for interpretation the rulers like Zacks video is just so baseless items. Video was like at least like I I guess. It follows their rules because he's bowling him, but you would think there would be more nuance and thought than that, but at the same time they also say that they have an exception for scripted Seth. So I, don't know why that doesn't get I, don't want Ian videos to get taken down, but I mean if that one got taken down, they should have all been taken down right. That's what doesn't make it that specific one was more focused on bowling leafy because you he was bullying. Other people like Ethan described right, which is why and it like, they I mean it just shows they didn't look at it, not even a minute further than just what's on surface, you know. Look what I think happened is that YouTube had a short list of videos that have been massively reported for harassment, okay and then they probably removed most of those videos. That's I think that's all that happened. You know I already had a queued up before yeah. They definitely did because they all came down immediately right. They definitely had a predestined a list of videos to remove but I'm curious what other ones were removed because as far as I'm aware, idubbbz Zach's and then that one conspiracy, the one that keemstar says I got removed, are the only three that I know of that I've seen people talking mostly when people have been done. So if you guys are aware of other ones, I'd love to hear about it, because I want to assess this new rule further to empirical evidence. If we can get it yeah, if somebody knows for sure, if Crowder's videos actually got taken down, yeah email us about that, because it's still really big I can't seem to get a concrete answer on that anywhere on the internet by the way. I love this the insinuation that keemstar keeps saying that I'm like the biggest rat in the world. So why wouldn't I just lie to him about it? If I am such a rat, why does he think I'm compelled to even tell him the truth? Even if I did do you know what I'm saying are you do? Are you asking a logical question right now? I was attempting to yes, okay, so too far trying to apply that to yeah. Okay, let's move on so that's that Papa John, baby DJ. So there's good news on the Papa John front. Papa John is apparently still thriving in China. This was just a fan that said this. To you directly to us is like a sit-down restaurant I guess the news hasn't hit China. Yet news travels, slow, Papa, John Papa said what China, though, hasn't come to China Papa John put out a new instace story: I love these check. This [ __ ] out, listen carefully to what he says. I met a few fans walking down the street in Florida, now listen carefully. This is epic. I love how it bounces I heard pizza yeah I deserve pizza. Did where did you record that damn and I love Papa, John's cameras, my favorite [, __ ], but I love at the end? How he bounces like all right? Well, I got to be going now, guys see you later: okay, there's a disclaimer on the video. It says apologizing for the poor, sound quality I mean they were aware, yeah the fact that it was completely inaudible, anyways pas I, wonder who's. Taking all these videos for ya, someone is wait. How long screws him with him mm-hmm, but then there was a really solid, chub and tuck as well from the same mm-hm. Look at Papa killing it you still addressed like as if he's working at the kitchen. You know what I mean dude. Look at that look, my dudes! That's some [ __ ], snatcher, [, __, ] right there, boy, huh, mm-hmm! Well, that's the shirt say it says everything better with Papa John's, hmm he's still out there promoting this, like, like a movement shirt that he made, you know I, think that's I, think that's official merch, no I love it look how much higher his pants are than ever. There's his fit he's like a little tiny bit taller, not really cuz they're leaning over, but you see where his waistline is and then look where their waistline is well. Cuz he's doing there over in the Tuck like the Tuck over the tummy tuck over the tummy. There's like that under talkin, there's no he's going up all the way yeah. What are they? Those blue shirts yeah just occurred to me. These are Domino's colors. No, no, no I mean it looks like they're wearing, ah wait. Is he flexing on Domino's mmm interesting? You know if you were gonna, do this bulb or native flex on Domino's you better get the audio right WoW. Is that a domino it is that I just noticed it? What man? It could just be the same. No I think it is Domino's, I, think he's trying to flex on Domino's or he wants a I'm in a pizza category. I have pizza experience, I have pizzas experience, yeah, here's a good one, you you know, there's lots of news and brexit everybody wants to yeah here. That's definitely the shirt we've got the Domino's shirt for comparison. Sorry had that collab going there, it is I, think that's there's indisputably! Well, there wasn't a black. There was like text on the mmm. That's questionable I'm out I'm out I'm over it. You know Briggs it's a hot topic in England, so the Conservative Party on Twitter verified its. We don't make, no mistake, get Berg's, it done. They misspelled it and they're freaking flyer and they said make no mistake. It seems like it's possible Joe. What's the joke, I don't know get Berg's, it done. I guess the joke is that they said no mistake and then they made a mistake. But why would they want him? Look like I. Do it I, don't know they haven't taken it down? Yeah they haven't taken. I had I hate to deliver bad news, but it doesn't look like dominos I'm. Looking close, ok, let's go back to that hold on. If you look at the video okay I'm anyway, I just did it doesn't look like it. Okay, okay I got word. He was conspiring with the enemy. The video. Then, since we've got the verdict here, cuz you can zoom in on the video man. How did you find the two dudes with the most locally? All my shirts ever say? No, oh yeah! It's not that yeah. It looks like a who knows. Just some work here. Try to decipher what he's saying like a chainsaw going on: they deliver something they'd mattress. They deliver mattress, something about pizza, [, __, ] out, dude Papa come on dude what else we got? Okay, let's talk about the banana taped to the wall. Tell me here's a story. You told me: does this make the banana thing more genius or less genius here? Are people protesting janitors who are underpaid are using the banana to as a symbol is a banana worth more than us. What do we have to do tape bananas to ourselves and that's just what they did to make a point about their perceived value. I work, two jobs that can't afford Christmas presents here they are with bananas, taped to them thoughts, you're, the art student I. Like this, ladies they're, pretty funny, you feel bad for that I, like it I, don't know what to say. I, don't know talk to the person who bought that banana, but clearly, it says, is having a cultural impact right. Keep talking about the banana on the wall. I mean that's what that's what the artist I feel like is good at like making art that is creating a big statement and a conversation around it. Do you think of D legitimizes him if he pocketed $120,000 for it? No, he got paid he's a famous artist. They didn't get paid so there you don't I mean if there's anyone to mock as the person who paid for it right. In my opinion, not the person who made it. Interestingly, there was 1200 janitors in the area and which is a multiple of 120,000. Oh, how crazy is that bananas are lined the bananas aligned with the amount of protesters? That's a very American! That's all! That's all about on that story. Great story. Thank you very much. How long we've been going down 4550 minutes, but by the way they say something they're, like our I know it's something that people don't value. They look at us like we're nothing, but it's a job with dignity and it's tough work. We deserve better and I agree. I, agree too. I think it is a job I want you to clean, I, think it's in it and then yeah cleaning people or just treated like they're, not even there I think all jobs have dignity, I think for someone to get up go to work, do some [, __, ], there's already dignity, I! Think there's too much job shaming in this country. You get up. You go to McDonald's, you work there, that's a job! You know what I'm saying yeah you got. That's a thankless job. You got a deal with so many people, I think all jobs have dignity and I personally do subscribe to the notion that that, generally speaking, I think jobs should provide a livable wage for the people that work yeah, even if it is McDonagh. That is part of why I like yank I, like his idea of giving $1000 to every genius I like it and I like Bernie, because he always says we got to raise the minimum wage and he like. He really cares about this people. I think burnt, I love, Bernie, I, like it and I I'll. Tell you why I love yang, though I think the thousand dollars per person is such a genius way of attacking poverty and even homelessness right like if you have like there's a huge homeless epidemic in LA. If you incentivize them each to $1,000 a month, that's gonna get their ass off the street and also it might get them out of LA to a more affordable place where you could actually pay rent. You could pay rent for $500 a month and also then these people are gonna go live somewhere, they can have their own house yeah and [Music] Danny's going through the bathroom I got a piece so bad historic moment on the show. Let's just have dead air till he comes back here. Should we should thought Dan go just show me an empty chair, yeah [, __ ], you tell fun Dan. What can you say why I'm not gonna, say about Dan that that we wouldn't say to his face: hmm he's an Android we talked about his chip problem is what chips problem. Oh I think it's funny, hi I'm afraid that he thinks I'm actually giving him a hard time. I think it's hilarious, no I'm actually worried that he's working some kind of new addiction there with the chips. Hmm, you guys, you see, I mean how often you see eating chips. Is this something he does on the air uh? He doesn't eat a lot, yeah, probably more on the air. What is it I'm, just trying to ham it up? Yes, I mean it's kind of a meme. Now yeah, it's just so funny to open the mic chewing. It's like dude, what the hell it's great I, don't know. Maybe he associates like beeping with the show so he's like man. He used to have a part and now he's a good old boy, unicorn cheese, a still walk in here it smelled like a carnival like legit it smelled like calm and I, was like damn carnival yeah like that. Thank you alone he's a great guy. We love Dan yeah Dan, an extraordinary individual, no bomb, packed that he he's a wizard. He knows his [ __ ] I hate. This really Dan like hey, then, can I put something from my laptop and then I want you to be able to put on your foot and then I want to put something from that laptop at home and and then Papa John was like no but you're right and that what you're saying and then basically the next week I come and you got it all configured and we can do what I asked ya to do exactly you got. We should give a tour of the back, so people can see like that's true the how why did Ian Swiss to me when I came back, let's go ahead, what's going on here, it's true I, don't ask Ian I, don't know what do you asking me I, don't know what he is doing. I never know what he is doing back there with the live switch. Tell me why tell me why doesn't he answer himself when he talks? Nobody knows nobody and I have to tell you, although I think you're a great switcher I'm a little bit concerned, because we don't hear from you anymore and I think that that's a problem mm-hmm. Well, what's the point of talking you'll, just soundbite, what I said? Maybe we should chill back on the soundbite he's got a pretty there's some real frustration, I'm gonna say: okay yeah! Maybe we should show that, because I do want to hear from me in yeah. How are you in? Don't touch? Don't do it don't do it I'm fine I. Also think Ian is an extraordinary me too. Ian is a fantastic he's. A fantastic young man. Yeah he's not hard talented multi-talented. He just got a raise to so massive penis. There you go yeah there you go. You see, we use the soundbite who's honored Ian to honour you. How big is it in your not talking so at least you know, we couldn't hear your voice at least a little bit used to be so vocal on the show I mean you don't do segments for us anymore. What what what a war wars, there's powerpoints dude I think we need a PowerPoint a month at least I totally. I completely agree Rhoda. What do we ask you for once a month, if you have anything to say for yourself, I mean again Zak's about that a soundbite in the Brinkley I. Don't blame her I gotta pee, so bad a tear after your easy penis, you forgot one more candy, ah come on Zach all right. It's so are you requesting no more sound bites? You can use them out of chair. It's fine, but I want to hear from you. That's not true. I'll lay off but I'll use them sparingly. Well. I thought that the use of the penis one was very good and the same says, but dan dan is disputing that you don't care. So would you like to say anything in your defense or in contrast to what Dan said? Well, no, it's just every time, I open my mouth. It's a sound bite! So I'm like okay, you guys can do it the e'en by! If you want that's fine, we should build a and I think. If we do the N bot, we should have a segment yeah where it's like I'm gonna talk to fake and yeah, but I want to hear from real in as well and I. Don't want to discourage real in from commenting on things, mm-hmm um-hmm we're in a pickle here. Well, here we've got a couple more stories here: I'm kind of I'm ready to take I'm ready to walk away. It was your birthday. I want to go, spend time with Theodore. You know it's already. Three I barely saw that sweet little kid he's sitting up now. Oh yeah yeah, he's sitting up by the way he's getting teeth in I to like, let him chew on my finger when he cuz he liked the feeling on his gums. When he's teething and recently I put it in his mouth and he caught me with his tooth and I was like. He almost took my finger off [ __ ]. It's crazy he's! So cute he's so cute and he's got these little toys where he um. Obviously, he can't he's not close to be able to walk, but when you put him in these walking toys, like a walker he's like a lightning, you know he's a danger on the road he's crazy out there. He doesn't want to crawl. He just wants to walk, but it's not very student crawling at all. You know you are Dan. Are you saying you want to talk about the Weinstein thing? Uh yeah, oh yeah! This is great. Weinstein reached a Weinstein, Weinstein or Weinstein Weinstein reached a 25 million dollar settlement with 30 women, 30 women, that's so many women or even Perot. That's insane! That's so many, oh, my god, yeah, not a good guy turns out. I would hope that they would get more than that. You know, like that's less than a milli per pop. This guy's, this guy's got cheddar I mean, what's he worth Harvey Weinstein net worth his net was probably plummeted, a little bit, but 50 million breathing whoo. That's gonna hurt him. Actually he real cuz he's not paying for it company is. It says he is now worth 50, but he used to be worth 300. So who knows? Hmm yeah, I, love that the company is actually paying that arts insurance I, don't know, and he showed up to a court in a walker which is like the classic I seen this [ __ ] so many times it's just so awesome I love the tennis balls like they really went for authenticity well, Walker. What is that? That's a real? Why I've always wondered? What's with the tennis balls I think I could not yeah I could see an old lady doing that do not always be a tennis ball, but you're really telling me Harvey did that they probably just like nobody's been old, but why haven't they found a better better I mean I? Guess nobody thought of anything better than a tennis ball? Why don't? They just make them with a non scratch thing at the bottom. But my heart is not that simple. It's got. Ten I just find that so funny anyway, here's Bev for just for the record, here's Bill walking into court. He did the same thing with the Walker. Look at poor, Bill Cosby, oh he's roofied, anyone in prison contraband in the jello and then did you find the one I requested from well. Anyway, there was a dishes documentary called the not-see next door. Oh I looked for that I couldn't I, think his Netflix thing, it's pretty locked down, so this guy did the same thing. It's funny. They they tried him for Nazi war crimes and the FBI was surveilling him, so they had footage of him the day before just chilling with his family and walking around I know it's a it's an awesome war criminal, it says documented called the Nazi next door. It's really interesting, really good, but anyway, so the day before he's like just walking around totally fine and then the next day in court, it's like Oh in a wheelchair and he's like comatose. You know it's! It's like the oldest the oldest play in the book, but this is great look how sad this pathetic old yeah. It is what the tennis balls man that really ties it well, how pathetic do you need to be just put? The Walker way have some dignity, man, yeah, well, I, guess dignity is out the door at this point, I like the premise that it's, like sir you've been accused of 30 counts of sexual harassment, but now that I see you with the Walker I'm gonna go lenient on you. There you have it. That's all I have to say about that. In the words of force count, I, guess the idea is to look pathetic to the jury. Yeah. You know just look like poor miserable if I ever get, if I ever get well, you already got the mobility scooter just show up in that show up in the gallery. Full speed knock your air on their ass. This is a weird one. I guess we'll talk about it, jump jumps it'd, be nice. Just have a short episode. Wanna celebrate your birthday on the weekend: yeah Trump I! Don't even talk about this Trump executive order to find Judaism as a nationality, which is weird I, mean there's a lot of Jews. They don't aren't citizens of Israel like most of them in America at least I would say. The vast majority of Jews outside of Israel are not citizens of Israel. His order isn't to define all Jews as a citizen of Israel, though nationality. What's the nation well yeah, I, guess I, guess you're right, then what else would it lead back? I, don't really understand what is what is he trying to do I'm confused with it? So apparently he is doing this to cut down on, there's been lots of boycotts on camp such boycotting Israel, and now that he's defined them as a nationality. They can cut back on activists, for they can say that it's racist, which is essentially which is so stupid, I mean it's like you can't I mean this. Doesn't this isn't a good look, I hate when people always say [, __ ] like like they say this to me all the [ __ ] time? It's like! Oh, if you dare criticize him, it's because he's yeah he'll pull the Jew card on you, but also the not so like. Not all Israeli citizens are Jewish. I'm gonna have great pointy, look a little problem here. There's problems all over the place with this anyway, he's just pandering to really the culture. Oh right, Israelis and Jews, I guess, but I, don't I, don't know, I feel, like secular Jews, that I know all the Jews. That I know will not take coming to this one strange, the dudes, not even Jewish like where does he get off passing declarations about yeah just feels wrong. It's like what the [ __ ] mind your own business right, yeah and I. Think a lot of people have correctly pointed out too that it's historically, you know when Jews have been defied as a race that hasn't gone super well for them in other countries. If we it's true, it's a slippery slope. Just like it just seems it's just a little icky I mean there's already like a term anti-semitism right like. Why do we need to also make it so he's specifically creating a rule that would prohibit protesters but again they're not protesting the religion. They're protesting the government of Israel which, by the way, the print the Prime Minister is being charged for corruption. So there's a be able to protest. The government- that's not like saying I'm protesting Muslims I mean even in Israel. People are not agreeing with the government and by the way it doesn't mean that they're races are gonna, I guess themselves, I, don't know that really make sense. You anti-semite, I'm joy. By the way you should be able to protest a religion. - I mean you know: [ __, ] that I you can protest whatever you want. It's the right of assembly, right Dan by the letter of the law. Yeah I mean yeah. Thank you for me, I'm a this is the fate of white supremacy, as I touched on our last episode. Yeah right, you know it's funny. We didn't I I saw a lot of funny comments. When we, when we were addressing the kpop cancellation, they accused me of being xenophobic, I'm married to a foreigner. So that's funny right. Everyone said like that's so funny and I didn't even think of it. I didn't think about it. Either people say that they accuse me being white but I'm Jewish and then that that see that one's always hard for me, I, don't know I don't know, does being Jewish. Make me white does make me not white. It's so weird to me. This whole conversation cuz, like growing up in Israel, I. Consider myself white but I don't know, am I, not white. Well, funnily enough, you, your origin is of like Turkey and Libya, which is the which you would be like. No I would be considered white and you would be considered I mean like we also Sephardic and Ashkenazi, so your personal color party, because what I am but in Israel I still don't, wouldn't consider myself not wearing role you're a person of color for real you're African, that's sick, I'm, white, cuz, I. Think cuz I'm like European descent, yes and polish are not polish, a Romanian I, don't [, __ ] know Luther Wayne Ian, [, __ ], like that I guess these are white, PPO, nausea and you're Sephardic, which is like African you're, a person of color I. Guess damn that's [ __ ] sick. Let's give this a lot more Liberty when we're having conversations about diversity. I, like it I, don't know if I'm white, though I always say this I, think your way- and you can quote me on this- if you ask a white supremacist damn would they say I'm, Wyatt, yeah, I, guess probably not exactly, and if you ask a person of color in my person of color. So what am I you see? According to Trump you're Jewish, that's a race you're, the Jewish race. Yeah, see it's almost like. All of this is completely arbitrary and not really based on anything either like the perspective of your own culture and upbringing. Are there other ethnicities that don't fall into one of the two categories of white or color, because okay, you're saying I'm, not white and I'm, not a person of color I'm, I'm Jewish, which is an ethnicity now, according to Donald Trump? Are there other ethnicities that fall into an other category of not being a person of color or white high? That's I, I! Guess, I! Don't really know! Nothing immediately comes to mind, but maybe there is Martin listeners can help us. It's Judaism is a weird thing, because it's because it is sort of a culture and a religion and it kind of operates on both levels simultaneously, so it it does kind of put it in a uniquely hard-to-define position. Now, if you want be, there is there's another one that we're not thinking of that. That would similarly kind of ride that line, I'm thinking, hard, I'm, really thinking now, if you asked me, I would probably consider myself white I mean that's just kind of my upbringing was was that of white of whiteness. You know so [Music], but but again, like I said, if you ask white, supremacists they'll say hell: no right that their boy ain't white. It's all relative like why hey what I think of myself I my half of my family is Jewish, but it's on my father's side, which, as you guys be ain't life your if your mom is Jewish, then you're considered Jewish. Oh, he is white yeah. My point being is that I wasn't rate I didn't go to Temple I haven't been raised, Jewish in any way whatsoever, I, don't consider not your Nazis would whatever right. That's what I was about to say, though, is that I would probably still get sent to a concentration camp yeah. Why I don't know that II ain't, why she, the master race, I love these like redneck, ass, [, __, ] and inbred tooth missing. Is the white master race Zack? You are definitely not white I'm in the same boat as you ian is definitely white. Your dad is English yeah, that's that's as white as it Morris England is the original whitey right know what because I, whose the original whitey does that mean who's. The original whitey like what's the white race, where does that was the origin of that where's? It go I feel like the Englanders. Are the original, Whitey's, I I, don't believe so I think it goes far further back than that now somehow I ended up on Jew weekly. Why aren't you weekly? Was it saying to weekly many Jews are white? Some are not get used to it, get used to it used to it. We don't want you, then the whites go, we'll want the Jews. They ain't, white, anyways, I. Think what we're getting out of this is that it's all kind of an it will defined I. Don't think he was my personal caller yeah you're, pretty definitely yeah I, don't know! No eel is not white piece. She straight-up African broke both of her parents are African Turkish and Linda Olivia Libya bro I'm, telling you he was a straight-up person of color I'm, telling you she's, not white, pretty white to me, but Oh was just about skin. Color I mean yeah. Ultimately it is so what are you was? So? What at? What point is the light-skinned black person, white Dan? There's people who are black yeah I mean I, have the same skin tone as ela, so they're white there's a controversial thing with that yeah they call it. They call it a passing if they're, passing or not- and if somebody that's light-skinned enough, that they look white that other people, if they didn't. You know that they had like an african-american parent or something so they're Wyatt. No, but for purposes of how you're treated in society damn I think because they don't get the same treatment as someone who's like really black skin versus a lighter skin, correct. You know so like when they just come to a job interview. They're almost treated like a white person, even if they're, technically, not exact, I, think you're treated like a white person yeah. That's that I think she is to me, like you are a person of color and I. As far as the struggle goes, bro she's, walking, daddy L, see my dad was treated as a person of color yeah, because your dad is darks. There was no. Your dad was sooo. That even is that a thing in Israel he had to change his last name when you applied to jobs. Humans are so [ __ ] stupid, even in Israel, together amongst each other nobody's exempt. It's like the Israel's, come together after the Holocaust and they're still discriminating on each other. That's crazy! It's awful even said: Jews go. We don't want you you're, not white, even the Jews after the Holocaust, it's crazy! It is crazy, so you're not you're. Definitely a POC and I'm a white devil I'm, a pure seed that is white privileged right. You have your prison POC you're, a POS, yes I'm, a POS white I will MIT, though I mean I, definitely enjoy the privileges afforded to someone who's white. In terms of the perception like you know, right. That's why I was saying earlier: it's like you! Definitely your your white boy, although Ethan Klein's, a Jewish name. So there are people are like of Jew [, __ ] when they see my name, but that's that maybe it was true like a few years ago, not now like when your parents, maybe when your parents were young, it was still like real anti-semitism, just based on your name: nan Kelvin, California, yeah or New York, really, because everybody's Jewish sure nationality, I'm Californian, that's the State of Israel that'd be sick. If New, York and California broke off and just made a little State of Israel with the state of we ain't white, we mean we Jewish I, don't know what do you want for me? I, don't know what do you want with me? It's Friday next week's our last week, Oh on Tuesday we're gonna, do best and worst of 2019 well yeah, and then the final episode on the 20th is Andrew Young yahng yahng yahng yahng. Although you see yeah speaking of yang that he might not be participating in the debate after all, wait why a bunch of the candidates are saying they're going to sit it out in solidarity with shoulda brought this up. When we were talking about the banana thing, yeah there's like a strike going on here in Southern California. So that's so [ __ ], they they're just doing it to screw yang. Well, no I, I know it's not just yang I. Think both Bernie and Warren have also said that they're not going to participate. Why don't you go solo because they don't want to cross the picket line like the this servers service. Union is, is in a labor dispute with with the venue where the debate is supposed to take place. They'll fix it. They'll get this [ __ ] together, I mean baby I'm, saying it's a it's. A good for yang I may need solidarity with with these yeah. These service workers and I think he ain't should go just be there by himself rambling, where's, everybody, everybody go. Oh god, three old go to 303, go to Joe 300 300. Do maybe that's the strategy. They they want, Biden to just be there alone. So I'll half the talk cuz every time he opens his mouth and I love sitting in their laps and I love sitting in their lap and I loved kids. Jumping on my lap, I'm Bernie somebody's, the one person 99% of the 2%, and if you take half of the percent- and you add it to the 1%, you have 99 percent I feel like he's such a legend, like everyone likes to make fun of him, but he's a legend he's a Ledge I'd vote for Bernie and a heartbeat, and he and incidentally, he only has one heartbeat left for the new season. A curb you watch men season, finale, know what. Why would you say? No to that, because I'm still excited about curb okay, January 19th next month, my season occur, will just be coming back from our break sweet. What else I'm excited about that I'm? Not that excited about Star Wars, but I'll, still see it probably yeah I want that you yeah you already bought tickets right, I actually haven't. Oh you guys! Watch the Mandalorian. Oh wait! There's a new one! Today that I haven't watched. There is a new one and well. We can't discuss that. Why even bring it up because I have a feeling that bill burrs in it yeah he's in this one, yeah I think I saw his name trending exactly, but I don't want any spoilers. Obviously, all Philly, all Delhi [Music], all Billy I can barely good. What thank you it's just like this always recommend to me. You sending me something. You know what the [ __ ]. You just said what the thousands of penis fish appear on California Beach. This thing looks like a fat cop. This fish look at the big chair can I show that or no it scroll down. Look at it on the video we can show that yeah, the second one's fine. This is in California. My girlfriend sent me that earlier today, I couldn't believe it, since you think, I should show this. It's so weird. Is it really called a penis but dunce wife, because that's the one that you can't show it's just a fish though I feel like that's outrageous. Well, I can't show a fish just cuz, it's phallic look now even our rageous time. We live in a society, it's probably okay. Do you understand how insane that I can't show a fish? Bro done, diet, you that just looks like a fish. You can do down with this. Isn't that just looks like a fish? That's true! The one up top look like a [ __ ] raping car. It was all veiny doing it bro that is goddamn. You know be fine! You never! That story of Lorena Bobbitt. The girl who put the lady who cut her husband's penis off and then threw it on the side of the road and they were able to find his penis and then sew it back on. Well. Imagine she threw it onto this Beach. You know he also did an adult film after that, oh my god, I didn't know that John Wayne Bobbitt was in a oh, that's incredible. That he's able to still use that thing after it was completely severed. Yikes. You know I'm reading about this fish. These phallic organisms are quite common along the west coast of North America, but they spend their whole lives in you. She burrows under the sands, so a few binge goers are aware of their existence. These are just all under my Beach I, never seen one that's so yeah. This is [ __ ] great I mean when okay, we just go to the beaches of Mandir and just dig dig, dig dig you might have sand dabs and stuff, but never this gross. Oh speaking across we found a tick on poor shredder, yeah. Freaked me, the [ __ ] out I was scratching under his chin and there was a bump right here under his jaw. It was like really hard to find to him really happy in any tall grass recently I think our backyard. He just not in our backyard. Hmm, what lime this I know they have Lyme disease. Man call back to the curb discussion. Yeah I've been thinking about Lyme disease non-stop since last night. Thank you. Anyway. It was a huge [, __, ], sucker and shred are so small. He was such a good boy, though we think it out with tweezers man. I thought you're not supposed to do that. No, you are you're supposed to do. That was to like burn them out. No, that's good! You definitely don't want. Do that. That's uh you! You actually want to remove them with tweezers. Yeah burning is not as no boy. No. What about the doesn't the head get latched in? Well, you you, basically you just close to the head as possible and yank it out, and then there was the head was stuck in him and I was able to get that out as well. He was such a fricking champ about it, though man he's proud of him. Are you right? I can't fire things yeah, it's an urban legend I've! Never done that. Just for the record. I, just I've always heard that you know and I when I was parting, his fur trying to see what it was and I saw was a bug. I was like we both screamed. We just died like there's. Probably nothing and then I I put the light of my phone on him and we looked and screamed just there's nothing more vile than a tick, in my opinion on the whole planet, or it's just so vile, and then the fact that they have this terrible disease I'll, let you [ __ ] your whole life up -. On top of that, it's just it's so vile I wish that we could do a tech, attic, genocide, they're working on that or no mosquitoes they're trying to wipeout I yeah me I'm, really God, lately I would kill, ticks first, honestly, yeah, there's there I guess the theory is that mosquitoes are. They won't infect they true parasites, though nothing realized with that bullet. It would be okay to get rid of him. You really wouldn't affect anything like I, I'm fighters and [ __ ] I feel like that seems extreme too. But I've read. There's all these efforts to what about ticks? Can we get rid of tape? Oh I think she actually does eat ticks. Let's get rid of ticks. That's what I'm saying something out there. He needs a tick. Let's find out what eats tick so I'm gonna praise them what oh [ __ ], what animal eats ticks. I, don't know. First shrine of that, my house ticks have been found on the faces of birds, [ __ ], you ground, feeding, birds like chicken and guinea, fowl eat ticks their favorite. Are deer, ticks I'm gonna get some chicken in the backyard there you go mother I! You actually can cause IOT as well come and get those ants frogs, lizards and other critters that prey on small insects near water. There you go so you can't get rid of the ticks. Sorry they're needed well, I'm sure they eat other [ __ ] too, you know, I mean nope just ticks as other people eat, [, __, ], mosquitoes or [ __ ]. You know saying: [, __ ]. Alright, let's wrap this up. I'm done, I had fun today it up. Let's, let's go celebrate your birthday: let's go see our son before it's too late. It's already 3:40 shoot. We might miss him. He goes to bed these days like around 5:00 so but I have a great holiday, enjoy the mandalorian enjoy. Okay, a show we've been watching on Hulu reprisal, absurdly secretly looks a little Twix. I was like what it's really good. You heard of that show anyone know. Reprisal, tries I, just looked it up good. On the other hand, Temptation Island is awful. You know, I tried the leftovers Dan I hated it I, hey, oh really, I tried one episode and I. Just I haven't seen it I just heard it was good and it's the same dude that's doing Watchmen so Oh for real yeah. That's why I brought it up. I have an actuality of the shows so much worse, huh, okay! Well, anyway, that's that thank you guys for riding or dying with the h3 army who's the strongest army in the world. You know it's rude, oops, Rio B. How long do we go for hour and a half or so there you go, how you doing now. So I guess that's it! Thank you. Guys have a great weekend. We lovely we appreciate you H free army strongest army in the world, ride or die next week, sir, last week before we go on vacation best and worst fall by Andrew yang. Let's get it. You know what time it is HT army, let's start a war. What our armies do they fight wars? Let's get it [Music] [Music]! You.